JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 7th 1693,

In the Fifth Year of the Reign of

King WILLIAM and Queen MARY,

TO

November the 23d 1697,

In the Ninth Year of the Reign of

King WILLIAM the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

Luna, 31" die Mali, 1742.

Resolved

That all the Books of the Proceedings, or, Journals of the House of,

now in the Custody of the Clerk of the said House, and commencing with the Book called Seymour, which begins with the Reign of King jErArwy/ the Sixth, be printed.

1

Mffo*to

Attend the King*

71c Kirg'i Sp«r fc re-p&rU

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE (/COMMONS.

Mortis, 7* die Novembris;

5* Gulielmi et Maria;, Annoque Domini 1693. Praters.

AM ES S A G E from his Majesty by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the oufe, went up to the House of Peers, to attend his Majesty.

men of the House of Commons, to take such timely Resolution, as that your Supplies may be effectual, and our Preparation so forward, as will be necessary both for the Security and the Honour of the Nation.

A Bill for the better preventing Butchers felling live Cattle, was read the Firil time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. Committers.

Butcher* not to fell live Cattle.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Grievances do fit every Thursdayin the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

And being returned,

Mr. Speaker reports, That his Majesty had been pleased to make a gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; and, to prevent his Mistake in reporting thereof, he had desired and obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as follows; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I AM always glad to meet you here; and I could heartily wish that our Satisfaction w ere not lessened at pre-lint, by reflecting upon the Disad vantages we have received this Year at Land, and the Miscarriages in our Affairs at Sea. I think it is evident, that the former was only occa-honed by the great Number of our Enemies, which exceeded ours in all Places: For what relates to the latter (which has brought so great a Dilgrace upon the Nation) I have resented it extremely; and as I will take care, that those who have not done their Duty shall be punished, so I am resolved to use my utmost Endeavours, that our Power at Sea may be rightly managed for the future: And it may well deserve your Consideration, whether we are not defective both in the Number of our Shipping, and in proper Ports to the West ward, for the better annoying our Enemies, and protecting our Trade, which is so essential to the Welfare of this Kingdom.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I am very sensible of the good Affection wherewith you have always assisted me to support the Charges of this War, which have been very great; and yet I am persuaded, that the Experience of this Summer is sufficient to convince us all, that, to arrive at a good End of it, there will be a Necessity of iocreasing our forces, both by Sea and Land, the next Year. Our Allies have resolved to add to theirs; and I will not doubt but you will have such regard to the present Exigency, as that you will

f‘ve me a l'uitable Supply, to enable me to do the like: mull therefore earnestly recommend it to you, Gentle-Voi* XI.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Elc£l ions and Privileges Committee be appointed of the Persons following; Mr. of Privilege*.

M r. Gray, Mr. Bickerjlafe, Sir John Lout her, Sir Richard. Hart, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Guy a, Colonel Titus, Mr.

White, Mr. ShackerUy, Sir Robert Sir Jennings, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Hung Mr. Richard

How, Sir Win. Pritchard, Mr EttericSir , Mr. Chadwick, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Boyle, Sir John

Banks, Mr. John How, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Sir

Edward Harley, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Mr. Luttcrell, Sir John Key, Mr. Sir John Thompson, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Do/ben, Mr. Har-

court, Sir John Fleet, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Lord Falkland, Sir Richard Temp/e, Mr. Vincent, Sir Johnson,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. St. John, Mr. Culliford, Mr.

Boyle, Mr. Mount ague, Sir Fr. Vincent, Mr. Wilmot,

Lord Alarquis Winton, Sir Carb. Price, Lord Pawlet,

Sir Roger Pulejion, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Lord

Digby, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Bennet, Lord Colchester,

Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Maine, Mr. Colt, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Fran. Winington, Mr. Neale, Sir William Ellis, Mr. Norryes, Sir Matth. Air.

Franklyn, Sir William York, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Manfell, Mr. Mr. Anchitell

Gray, Colonel Lee, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Biddulph,

Air. Paul Foley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Slater,

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Banks, Mr. How, Sir Wm.

Whitlock, Sir Fr. Maffam, Mr. Harley, Mr. Poll ex fen,

Air. Travers, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Fofler, Sir Manwaring, Mr. Fawks, Mr. Waller, Mr. O/i/low, Sir Wm.

Honywood, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Trenchard, Sir Hen.

Ashurst, Sir Sam. Bemadiston, Mr. Hut chin fan. Air.

Kuffell, Mr. Price, Colonel Granville, Sir Jof. Herne,

Major jPerrey, Sir Jon. Raymond, Sir Rob. Clayton:

B And

... I

a 7° — i ^NoveMbris. r. 1693.

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock, in Jhe Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamfer; and to lit every Monday, Wed, and Friday, in the Afternoon, in the Plaee before mentioned: And all that come arete have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters, as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first place; and toreporttheir Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to fend for PerfoiK, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for two or more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Worcester Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wnt> electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of JVoreefter, in the room of Sir John Summers Knight, nmv Lord-Keeper of the Great Seal of England.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will, The King'* upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, take into Speech to b« Consideration his Majesty's gracious Speech to both conlldered-Houses of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, be- Printing the ing first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that no Person do Vote*, presume to print the fame, but such as shall be appointed by Mr. Speaker.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

Luna, 13° die Novembris;

Windsor Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Wdt. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Wi in the County of Berks, in the room of William Adderley Esquire, deceased.

Stockbridge Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the room of Richard Whitehead Esquire, deceased.

Bodmyn Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bodmyn in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir John Cutler Knight and Baronet, deceased.

5® Gulielmi ct Maria;.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the House be called over upon Call of th.

Monday Morning next; and that such Members of House. this House as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Then the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration Mifcamage. his Majesty's gracious Speech to both Houses, was read. of the ^l«ew And his Majesty's Speech being read,

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will support their Majesties, and their Government; and will, on Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, enquire into

the Miscarriages of the Fleet the last Summer; and take into their consideration the Preservation of the Trade of the Nation.

Clitheroe Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Anthony Parker Esquire, deceased.

Bath writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the room of Sir William Basset Knight, deceased.

Malden Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden in the County of Essex, in the room of Sir Thomas Darcy Baronet, deceased.

Scarborough

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleCling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough^ the County of York, in the room of Francis Thmnpfon Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty Papers re-(who are Members of this House) do, on Wednesday fPeitinS lU Morning next, inform this House why the Fleet

was stopt till the main Fleet went out.

Ordered, That the said Commissioners do allb lay before this House Copies of all Instructions and Orders to the Fleet the last Summer.

Ordered, That they do also lay before this House the Number of Ships for the Line of Battle, and of the Convoys and Cruisers, and their several Stations, for the last Summer.

Ordered That the Admirals, that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, and Sir George Rooke, do attend this House on Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Turkey Company, or such as they fba.ll appoint, do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That the Admirals, who are to attend this House on Wednesday next, do bring with them the Rel'ults of the several Councils of War, held purl'uant to the Instructions they received.

Cardigan

Writ.

Stafford

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleCling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cardigan in the County of Cardigan, in the room of Hector Phillipps Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Cleric of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Stafford, in the room of Wtalter Chetwind Esquire, deceased.

A Motion being made for a Supply to be granted to Supply, their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking the pub- Money give* lick Accounts do, on Thursday Morning next, lay before this House a State of what Money has been given by this 5>ervic*-House, for the Maintenance of the Fleet during the War, and what they have received thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N iue a Clock.

W. & M.

*4" *5

Bdtapts

Efodts.

Novemtris. j

England, Mr. Richard How, Mr Sir Rickard

Hart, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Price, Sir B/oys, Mr. Onslow, Sir Tho. Vernon, Lord Combury, Mr.

Lord Mr. Fox, Mr. Mr. Ftterick,

_ Mr. John Haw, Sir John Bland, Mr. Mr.

"s‘ _ , . ... n-n tMr. . Mr. Colt, Mr. Gwytm, Mr.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill J Mr. Carter, Mr. John Jeffryes, Sir Richard

Martis, 14* die Nacembris; 5* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Ships-

v for the better Discovery of Bankrupts Estates, and for the more equal Distribution thereof, without any Retrospect: And that Mr. Serjeant fVogan do prepare and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the encouraging the building of good and defenlible Ships; And that Mr. Bofcowen do prepare and bring in the lame.

F«j in Ordered, That the several Courts in Westminster Hall,

k* Courts, fl)e Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex and Suny, and the Clerk of the AlTize of the Home-Circuity do, on this Day Sevennight, present to this House a Table of the several Fees, belonging to their several Courts and Offices, established in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth j and also a Table of l'uch Fees as are now taken by them.

Frequent Mr. Brockman presented to the House a Rill for the Puiiaments, (,ore frequent Elefitions of Parliaments: And the feme was received, and read.

But the same being presented without Blanks, Leave was given to him to withdraw the fame:

And he withdrew the same accordingly.

Ordered, That he present another Bill, with Blanks, to the House.

Free Pro-

ccedicgs in Pa/taat.

SoffiVBiJlj

inerting brdinJy, k c.

Trills for Tiratoa.

jli Eliz. ftffrOjDJ (loth Weavers.

Chthing

Tndc.

Sir Edward Iluffey presented to the House a Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament: And the same was received, and read the Fiift tune.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal a Clause, in the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, which prohibits the Importation of Brandy,

Aqua-Vitae, and other Spirits.

And Sir Thomas Clarges presented the Bill to the House: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Whitlock presented to the House a Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Trealbn, and Misprision of Treason: And the same was received.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Me.fcr.heY'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the 32th Clause of Article in the Statute of 5* Eliz. intituled, Act Act containing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of Husbandry, and Apprentices: And that Sir John Guije do prepare and bring

in the fame.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect all the Laws concerning Clothing; and to prepare and bring in a Bill for the better Encouragement of the Clothing Trade of this Kingdom.

And it is referred unto Sir John Mr. Blowfeild, Sir John Key, Lord Fairfax,§ir Tho. Haflerigg, Mr.

Vol. XI.

100.

no.

Onjhrw, Mr. Cook) Mr. Roberts, Sir Isaac Rebow, Sir H.n. Ashurst, Mr. Palmes, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Sam.

Dashwood, Sir John Banks, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir John Kmtchbull, Mr Travers, Mr. Mr

Mr. Fuller, Sir Robert Davers, Sir John Dorr ell,

Mr. Bromley: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till To-tnorroir Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 15* die Novembris;

5* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

i"\RDERED , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Hawkers V against Hawkers and Pedlars: And that Mr. and Pedlar*,

do prepare and bring in the fame.

Then the Order of the Day, for enquiring into the Miscarriages Mil'carriages of the Fleet the last Summer; and the Orders, of the Fleet; relating to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the Admirals (hat commanded the Fleet the last Summer, and the Turkey Company, were read.

The Lord Falkland, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, An Account of what Directions had been given concerning the Squa-

dron since the 8th Day of January 1692-3, the time Sir George Rookcwas appointed Admiral and Commander in

Chief of the said Squadron; and Copies of the Orders and Instructions given by the Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Admirals of the Fleet the last Summer; and a List of the Ships and Vessels which were employed in their Majesties Service the last Summer, both in the main Fleet, and as Convoys and Cruisers, with their several Stations.

And the same were read.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the House that he had received a Letter from Sir Geo. Rooke, that he was very ill, and could not at present attend the House:

Which Letter was also read.

The House being informed, That the Turkey Company attended, according to Order;

They were called in, and were, at the Bar, asked several Questions in relation to the Turkey Fleet; to which they gave their Answers; and afterwards presented to the House a Copy of the Petition which they had formerly presented to the Queen; with Copies of several Petitions and Applications, before that time, presented to her Majesty, and the Commissioners of the Admiralty.

And being withdrawn,

The same were read.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do, on Friday Morning next, lay before this House all the several Applications made by the Turkey Company to them, and their Answers thereunto; and Copies of all Instructions and Orders, that the Commissioners of the Admiralty have received, or made, relating to the Turkey Fleet, since August 1691.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do, on Friday Morning next, lay before this House, in Writing, the Reasons why the Streights Fleet was stopt till the main Fleet went out.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do, on Friday Morning next, lay before this House a List of all their Majesties Ships, and hired Ships, employed in their Majesties Service, from the First of January last to the First 0 fO&oteflaft, in Harbour and out of Harbour.

Then

150 — 16° — 170

A. 1693.

Then the Turkey Company being called in again, they cave lorae further Account of Matters relating to the Miscarriage of the Turkey Fleet.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the Turkey Company do, on Friday Morning next, present to this House a Narrative, in Writing, of what they have declared this Day, at the Bar of this House, concerning the Miscarriages of the Turkey Fleet the last Summer.

And being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, that his Majesty will please to command, that the Examinations and Informations before the Committee of the Council, appointed to enquire into the Miscarriages of the Turkey Fleet the last Summer, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Admirals, that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, who attended this Day, and also Sir George Rooke, do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 16° die Novembris; 5* Gulielmi et Maria.

Hawker* and Pedlars.

Supply Bill; importing Brandy, &c.

Praters.

/~\RDERED, That Mr. be added to Mr.

Sand ford, to prepare and bring in the Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Then Sir Tho. Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, that his Majesty will please to command, that the State of the War for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, in relation to the Navy, be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 17* die;

A Bill for Repeal of a Clause, in the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, which prohibits the Importation of Brandy, Aqua-Vita, and other Spirits, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, that they have Power to receive a Clause to repeal so much of the Acts made in the 18th and 20th Years of King Charles the Second, which prohibits the Importation of Bacon.

5* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

THE Lord Ranelagh acquainted the House, That his A,fwer to Majesty, having been attended with the Address of Addufs. this House, that he would please to command, that the Examinations and Informations before the Committee of the Council, appointed to enquire into the Miscarriages of the Turkey Fleet the last Summer, might be laid before this House, his Majesty had been pleased to command, that they should be brought to the House this Morning.

Proceedings

in

Frequent

Parliaments.

Mr. Brockman, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the more frequent Elections of Parliaments: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill touching free and impartial Parliament was read the Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Money given for Naval Services.

9

1

\i

11

a

t

a

il

Jt

1

Free Pro* ceedings in Parliament.

The Lord Marquis of acquainted the House, Anf,.er ta

That his Majesty, having been attended with the Address Address.

Mr. Foley, from the Commissioners for taking the of this House, that he would please to command, that a publick Accounts, according to Order, presented to the State of the War for the Year One thousand Six hundred House, A State of what Money had been given for Ninety-four, in relation to the Navy, be laid before this Maintenance of the Fleet during the War; and what House, his Majesty was pleased to answer, That he would they had received thereof. order it to be done.

And the same was read.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Trea- The House being acquainted, That Mr. Bridgman and Miscarriages lury have a Copy of the said State, and give, in Writing, Mr. Povey attended with the Examinations and Infor- 01 the Flwt-to this House, such Objections as they have to the fame, mations relating to the Turkey Fleet;

Supply.

on Monday Morning next.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made on Monday last, for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho, Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. 24

They were called in, and delivered the same in by a Schedule at the Bar.

They also acquainted the House, That Six Papers, mentioned also in the Schedule, relating to the victualling the Fleet, the Matter whereof was under Examination before the Committee of the Council, and desire to know the Pleasure of the House, as to them.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered,

W. M.

*7

180 Novembris.

Ordered, That the said Six Papers be delivered back to the said Mr. Bridgman &od Mr.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House give Mr. Bridgman and Mr .-Poveya Receipt for the Kefidue of the Papers.

Then the Lift and Titles of the Papers were compared by the House.

jlifariasM The House being informed, That the Turkey Company idic fleet, attended, according to Order;

They were called in, and presented to the House a Narrative, in Writing, of what they declared on day at the Bar of the House.

And being withdrawn.

The same was read.

Resolved, That, upon Examination of the Miscarriage of the Fleet, and the L06 the Turkey Company hath sustained this Summer, this House is of Opinion, That there hath been a notorious and treacherous Mismanagement in that Affair.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, inquire further into the Mifearriages of the Fleet the last Summer.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Dkto. The Lord Falkland presented to the House several Papers relating to the Instructions and Orders concerning the Turkey Fleet, and a List of the Ships employed in their Majestics Service, from the First of January last to the First of October lall.

And the same were read.

Ditto, The House being informed, That one Robert Chapman, was at the Door, who could give feme Information touching the Miscarriage of the turkey Fleet;

He was called in, and gave in his Information.

Diito The JJoufe being informed. That the Admirals, that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, attended according to Order;

They were called in, and delivered in the Results of the Council of War, held pursuant to the Directions received by them; and also Copies of the Questions proposed to them by the Committee of Council, appointed to examine the Matter of the Petition of the Turkey Company; and the Admirals Answers thereto; and a Narrative of their Proceedings.

And being withdraw n,

The same were read.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

ffcJkt! Then ^1C House being informed. That Sir George u Hooke attended, according to Older; and that he was so same of the Gout, that he could not stand;

He was ordered to be brought in, in a Chair, to be fit at the Jlar.

And, being brought in accordingly, he delivered in a Narrative of his Proceedings; and the Questions proposed to him by the Committee of Lords, and his Answers thereunto.

And being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Sir George Rooke (in respect of his Indisposition) be dismissed from attending at present; but that he do attend the House again, as the House shall direct.

Then the said Narrative, Questions, Answers, Replies, and Answers, were read.

And a Question.being proposed, That, upon Examination of the Miscarriage of the Fleet, and the Loss of the Turkey Company sustained this Summer, this House is of Opinion, That there hath been a notorious and treacherous Milinanagcment of the Fleet this Year;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Question, by leaving out, " and treacherous."

And the Question being put, That the Words, " and treacherous," do stand in the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Sabbati, 18° die Novembris;

5° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the discharging the Payment of Toll of Cattle, passing over Boroughbridge, and other Places, upon the

high Road in Yorkshire.

Ordered That all Protections, and written Certificates of the Members of this House, be declared void in Law, and be forthwith withdrawn, and called in; and that none be granted for the future; and that, if any shall be granted by any Member, fuel) Member shall be liable to the Censure of this House: And that the Privilege of Members, lor their Menial Servants, be observed according to Law; and that, if any Menial Servant shall be arrested and detained, contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint thereof made unto the Speaker, be discharged by Order from him.

Ordered, That this be declared to be the standing Order of this House.

Ordered, That this Order be published, by letting up the same in the Lobby at the House-Door, at Westminster-hall Gate, at the several Courts in and

at the Inns of Courts, and Inns of Chancery, and at the Royal Exchange;and that the Knights of the Shires do

fend Copies thereof to the Sheriffs of their respective Counties, and the Burgesses to their several Boroughs.

Yorkshire Toll of Cattle.

Members

Protection*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Apprehend-encouraging the apprehending of Highwaymen, and making Hues and Cries more effectual: And that Mr.

Richard How, Mr. Christy, Sir Jof. Tredenliam, Mr.

Brexcer, do prepare and bring in the fame.

ing High-way men.

Tellers for the Yeas,^fr'

Ho.

103.

(Mr. Smith,

/r n r.1 fColonel,

Teller, fonl«Noes.JMr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out, " of the Fleet this Year;" and inserting, instead thereof, " in that Affair."

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vol. XI.

Mr. Foley, from the Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts, acquainted the House, That in their State of the Money- given for the Maintenance of the Fleet, delivered to this House, their Clerk had made feme Mistakes, which they had now rectified: And he delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the Lords of the Treasury have a Copy of the said State.

Ordered, That the Admirals, that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, do attend this I louse upon Monday Morning next, and bring with them Copies of all Orders, which they received for the Management of the Fleet the last Summer.

A Bill for more frequent Elections of Parliament was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wed7icfday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing a Clause, in the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce

0 with

Money given for Naval Services.

Orders to Admirals.

Frequent

Parliaments*

Supply Bill; importing Brandy, &c.

18° Novembris.

Navy Eft "mate,

with France, which prohibits th6 Importation of Brandy, Aqua-Vita , and other Spirits, is committed, that they 'Consider the lessening the Duty, upon Brandy.

The Lord Falkland presented to the House an Estimate of the Charge of the Navy for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four; a'nd also

A Lift of the Ships intended for the Chanel, and for the Service of the Mediterranean, and the Which were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Admiralty-Office, . Nov. 1693.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of their Majesties Navy for the Year 1694.

The Charge of Wages, Victuals, Wear and~\

Tear, and Ordnance, Stores for Forty I £. thousand Men, serving in their Majesty's 12,210,000 Ships at Sea, for Thirteen Months, at Four f Pounds Five Shillings each Man per Month J For the Freight, Victuals, and Wages of>.

Thirty hired Ketches, to attend the main 1 Fleet, at Forty Pounds each per Month,) for Nine Months -

A.

10,800

J

For the Freight, Victuals and Wages of Four' hired Hospital-Ships, to attend the main Fleet, for Nine Months, at Three hundred Pounds each a Month ... For the Freight, Victuals, and Wages of Four^ hired Ketches, to attend the Mediterranean I Squadron, at Forty Pounds eachper Month,) for Thirteen Months -J

For the Freight, Victuals, and Wages of onc~i hired Hol'pital-Ship, to attend the \

ranean Squadron, for Thirteen Months, at / Three hundred Pounds a Month -J

The Charge of the Ordinary Eftirnate The Charge of the Officers of the Two') Marine Regiments, for the Year 1694

10,800

2,080

3,900

85:740

22,812

Total - £.2,346,132

Falkland,

J. Loxcth

Robert Austen, R. Rich.

Admiralty-Office, . 1693.

A LIST of the Ships intended for the Main Fleet in the Chanel, and for Service in the Mediterranean, and the West Indies, for the Year 1694.

Rate. Ships Names.

1 - - - Britannia, Sovereign,

Royal William, </

London,

St. Andrew, Royal Charles,

2 - -

Offory,

Dutchess, -Duke,

Albemarle,

Sandwich,

Royal Katharine, Neptune, -Vanguard,

St. Michael,

Men.

780 - -

815 - -

780 - -

730 - -730 - -

780 - -

660 - 660 - -660 - 660 -660 -540 -660 -660 -600 -

Guns.

- 100 - 100 - 100

- 96

- 96

- 100

- 9°

- 9°

- 9°

- 9°

- 9°

> 82

- 9°

- - 90

- 9°

Rate. Ships Names'

3 - - - Essex,

Suffolk,

Elizabeth, -Grafton,

Swiftfure, -Resolution,

Dunkirke, -Monmouth, Stirling-Castle Rupert,

Montague,

Bredah,

Dreadnought,

Lyon,

Cornwall, -Devonshire,

Humber, -Boyne,

Norfolke, -Berwick,

Cambridge,

Ruffed,

Sussex,

Eagle,

Defiance, -. Plymouth, -Monck,

York,

Royal Oak,

Warfpight,

Mary,

New Ships: At Harwich, one Bufslcton,

Deptford,

4 - - - Medway, -

Carlisle,

Vinchester,

Deptford, -Chatham, -Falmouth, -Rochester, -Greenwich,

Tyger,

Chester,

Advice,

Mordant.

New Ships;

At Snelgroves, Southampton, Plymouth, -Four more at 230 Men e

5 - Eight, at 135 Ditto,

6 - Six, at 60 Ditto,

Twenty-six Fireships, at 45 Men each

Men. Guns.

tm 460 - - - 70

- 4C0 - - _ 70

- 460 - - - 7o

460 - - - 70

- 420 - - - 7o

- 420 - - - 70

- 340 - - - 60

- 400 - - - 66

- 460 - - - 70

400 66

- 355 62

- 460 70

- 3fi5 62

" 340 - - - 60

- 490 80

- 490 80

- 490 80

- 490 8o

- 490 80

460 - - - 70

- 420 - - - 7o

490 80

490 80

460 - - - 70

- 400 64

- 340 - - - 60

- 340 60

- 340 - - 60

- 470 - - - 74

420 - - - 70

355 62

460 70

- 490 80

" 490 So

- 355 — 60

355 60

355 ‘ - - 60

- 280 - - - 50

- 280-- - . 50

230 - - - 48

- 230 - - . 48

- 280 - - - 54

- 230 - - - 48

230 - - - 48

- 230 - - . 48

- 230 - . - 46

- 355 - - - 60

- 355 - - - 60

- 230 - - - 48

ich - 920 - - . —

- 1,080 -

- 360 ——

1 each 1,170 —

S

Captain, - - - 460 - — 70

Lenox, 460 - - - 70

Kent, 460 70

Edgar, 445 - - - 72

Burford, 460 - - - 70

Hope, 460 - - - 70

N orthumbei land, 460 - - - 70

Hampton-Court, 460 - - - 70

Restoration, - 460 - - - 70

Expedition, - - - 460 - - - 7

Rate*. ABSTRACT. No. Men.

1 6 - ‘ - 4.615

2 9 - 5,760

3 - - 44 - 19,260

4 - - 19 - 4,225

5 - 8 1,0$0

6 - 6 360

Fireships - 26 - L'/O

Total - - 36,470

The Remainder of the 40,000 Men, being 3,530, to be employed in Convoys and Cruisers.

Falkland, H.

J. LR. Rich,

Ordered,

5

W.SdM.

i8° — 20° — 2i° Novembris.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate m,d Lift be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of

the Fleet for the Year 1694.

issued and paid for secret Service, and to Members of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

% !j. Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, rclblvcd itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet for the Year 1(>()4.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

iSir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir 7homos Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rcfi/vedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds be granted to their Majesties, towards a Supply for Maintenance of the Fleet for the Year 1694.

The said Resolution being read a Second time,

Ref lived, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds be granted to their Majesties, towards a Supply for Maintenance of the Fleet for the Year 1O94.

lit/dived, That whoever shall lend any Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Exchequer in general, towards the Maintenance of the Fleet for the Year 1694, tins House will take care to lee them repaid, with Interest after the Rate of 7/. per Cent, per Annum, out of the next Aids to be granted to their Majesties for the Fleet, next alter Satisfaction of such Monies as have been borrowed by virtue of any Clause of Credit, in an Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Peer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Kecorn-pences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War France; and in another Act of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act upon Review of the Quarterly Poll, granted to their Majesties in die last Stiiion of this present Parliament Resolved\ That this Manner of Proceeding shall not be drawn into Precedent hereafter.

Then Sir Thomas Littleton acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the iloufe, That they might have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this iloufe will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet for the Service of the Year 1694.

Luna\ 20° die Novembris;

50 Gulielmi el Mariae.

Praters.

/~\RDEREZ), That the Call of the House be ad- journed until Wednesday Morning next.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for repealing a Clause, in the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, which prohibits the Importation of Brandy, Aqua-Vita, and other Spirits.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Darrell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Dorrtll reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments: Which they had directed him to report to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Paxrlct have Leave to go into the ^Country for a Fortnight; his Lady being very ill.

The Order of the Day, for further Inquiry into the Miscarriages of the Fleet the last Summer, being read;

Several of the Examinations and Informations, transmitted from the Committee of Council, appointed to examine the Matter of the Petition of the Turkey Company, were read.

Resolved, That the further Inquiry into the Miscarriages of the Fleet the last Summer, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Admirals, who commanded the Fleet the last Summer, and attended this day, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 21° die Novembris;

Call of the House.

Supply Bill; importing Brandy, & c.

Leave of Absence.

Miscarriages of the Lleet.

5" Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

Snpf-iy Bin; Lrm, fice.

Revived, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for repealing a Clause, in the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, which prohibits the Importation of Brandy, Aqua-Vita\and other Spirits.

Kwr.iifed Ordered, That the Lords of the Treasury do lay before sHiUion this House, what Money had been raised upon the Million till, and upon the Bilffor Review of the Quarterly Poll, and how much they are deficient.

li.il, fcc.

We.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking the public Accounts do lay before this House, on Monday Morning next,' an Account of what Monies have been Yu 1. XL

SI R John Do'rrell, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing a Clause, in the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, which prohibits the Importation of Brandy, Aqua-Vita, and other Spirits, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Uill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: W here the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Harley, from the Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts, desired to have the lurther Directions of the House upon the Order of the 18th Instant, touching their laying before the House au Account of what P Monies

Supply Bill; importing Brandy, &c.

Secret > Servic^.

1 Monies have l?een issued and paid for secret Service, and ' to Members of Parliament, in regard of several (Jlaufes I in the Act, which impowers them to take the publick \ Accompts relating to those Matters.

\ Whereupon the Clauses of the Act being read;

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking the public ' Accompts do lay before this House an Account of all \ the Pensions, Salaries, and Sums *of Money, paid or payable to Members of Parliament out of the Revenue, ' or otherwise.

Miscarriages Then the House, according to the Order of the J)ay, o e I- eet. proceeded in the further Inquiry into the Miscarriages of the Fleet the last Summer.

And the Residue of the Examinations and Informations, transmitted from the Committee of Council appointed to examine the Matter of the Petition of the Turkey Company, were read.

And the House being informed, That the Admirals, ,fhat commanded the Fleet the last Summer, attended;

They were called in; and delivered in to the House a Book of the Orders they had received for the Management of the Fleet the lait Summer.

And then withdrew.

And the House being informed, That Captain Kerr could give feme Account of Matters relating to the said Inquiry;

He was called in, and examined touching the fame;

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That John Rutter do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Child do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Rice Tudwell and Lieutenant Thomas Williams do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Captain Kerr do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That one Nath. Snow could give feme Account of Matters relating to the Fleet;

He was called in, and gave his Information at the Bar; and also delivered in a Paper, in Writing, thereof.

Resolved, That the further Inquiry into the Miscarriages of the Fleet the last Summer be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Admirals, that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Andrews, Sir John Fleet, Sir Richard Hart, Sir William Cooke, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Rudge, Lord Cornbury, Sir

John Barker, Mr. Holt, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Onjlorw, Mr. Jlforryes, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Slater, Lord Falkland, Sir Edward Abney, Lord Ranelagh, Mu Brewer, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr Christie, Mr. Pollexfen, Mr. Lutterell, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Waller, Mr. Vincent, Sir John Mr. Freke, Sir John Moreton, Mr. and all the

Members of the House, that are Merchants, and that serve for the City of London, or any of the Sea-Ports: And they are to meet at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, upon Friday next, in the Speakers Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, presented to the House, from the Lords of the Treasury, An Account of what Money hath been raised upon the Million Bill, and Bill for Review of the Quarterly Poll, and how much they are deficient; and also.

The Objections they have to the State delivered to this House, by the Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts, of what Money hath been given for the Maintenance of the Fleet during the War; and what they had received thereof.

And the Account of the Money raised upon the Million Bill, and a Bill for Review of the Quarterly Poll, and how much they are deficient, was read; and is as lol-loweth; viz.

The Contributions on the Million^ £. s. d. Act, for Survivorship and Annuities, > 881,493 14 2

have amounted to - - - -)

jMiStnCy:here1,0C0.mP'e‘!j "8.506 5 .»

£. 1,000,000 ——

The Monies arising at the Receipt' of their Majesties Exchequer, by virtue of the Act for Review of the late Quarterly Poll, to this 20th Day of November 1693, have amounted V to no more than 3,314/. 45. but by a Computation made from the Duplicates for the said Tax, the whole Sum expected from the same is - -

So that the Deficiency, or Sum) wanting to complete 300,0001, is

13,307 2 2

293,692 17 10

£.300,000 ——

Mercurii,22* Novembris;

5* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

X aval Mif- \ PETITION of divers Merchants and others, con-

management. il cerned in the foreign Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have suffered very great Loftes by the Milrnanagement of the Sea-Affairs; for want of Ships of War for Cruising, by the long Detention of Ships here, by many Irregularities in pressing, by Embargoes, and many other Particulars, which tend to the Ruin of the Trade of this Nation; All which the Petitioners are ready to make appear to the House: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Mr. Fuller,

Sir John Knight, Mr. England, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Fran. Molyneux, Mr. GMr. Dyot, Sir Berna-

diston, Mr. Bloivfcild, Mr. Boyle, Sir Tho. Mr.

llawlry, Colonel Titus, Sir Roger Sir Math.

16

Ordered That the said Objections do lie upon the Table.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded in the further Inquiry into the Miscarriages of the Fleet the last Summer.

And the Serjeant at Arms made Report to the House, That he had endeavoured to serve Rutter with the Order to attend this House; but that he went out of Town on Saturday to Ramsgate, about Seventy Miles oft'; and that Tho. Williams was at Chatham, whither he had sent a Messenger; but that, as to the other Persons ordered to attend, they had been served with the Order of the House.

Ordered, That John Rutter do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Aljlondo attend this House

upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Frauds Child do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Hook do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Tho. Williams do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

Money raised on Million Bill, &c.

Miscarriage* of the Fleet.

a

c W. Si M. a a0 — 2 30 Novembris. 9

Ordered, That Mr. Rice Tudwell do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Captain Kerr do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Michael I Boulter, and

77/0. Hinde, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Several Letters in the Book, Yesterday presented to the House by the Admirals that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, were read.

And the House being informed, That the said Admirals attended, according to Oder j

They were called in; and w ere asked several Questions: To which they gave their Answers.

And then w ithdrew.

The Question being propounded, That there was sufficient Beer on board the main Fleet, when Sir George Rooke separated, to have convoyed Sir George Hooke's Squadron, and the Merchant Ships, out of Danger of the French Fleet;

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Question be adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do attend this House on Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock; and lav before this House an Account of the Manner of victualling the Fleet.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for victualling the Fleet do, on Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, lay before this House an Account, What Provisions were actually put on board the Fleet in Specie; and the particular limes; and all Orders that they did receive for the victualling the Fleet the last Summer.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do, on Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, lay before this House the several States of the Provisions of the Fleet sent to them in May last from Spit head, and in June la(i from Torbay, by the Admirals that commanded the Fleet the last Summer.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, proceed further in the Enquiry into the Miscarriage of the Fleet the last Summer.

Ordered, That the Admirals, that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, do attend this House on Monday Morning next.

Trequeat Resolved, That this Floufe will, upon Friday Morning

Firkutnts. at rprn a (Jl0ck, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the more frequent Elections of Parliaments.

fill of tin Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned

until Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jervis, 23* die Novembris;

5* Gulielmi et Marise.

Praters.

iii Eli*. QI R John Guise presented to the House, according to ififttung O Order, a Bill for repealing the 32d Article, in the Wn. Act of 5° Eliz. containing divers Orders for Artificers, and others, which relates to Weavers of Cloth: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing; A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, and Assistants, luowo-bilk. of (|ie Company of Weavers of London, and

was read; letting forth. That, by an Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, all Italian and Sicilian Throw n-Silks (chiefly proper for making all Sorts of woven Silks) are prohibited to be brought hither over Land; which hath occasioned the Price thereof to be so excessive dear, that the Petitioners are thereby disabled Vol. XI.

to exercise their Trade; and many Weavers are gone into foreign Parts for their Subsistence; and great Numbers here are become chargeable to their Parish for want of Employment: The lteal'on whereof is (as the Petitioners conceive) occasioned by the said Act; for that our Neighbours have those Silks by Land, much chea|Jer than w'e can have them by Sea, from the proper Places of their Growth; and therefore they can afford them at a cheaper Price, and do import them upon us: And praying Relief in the Premises, notwithstanding the said Act which prohibits the Importation of the said Thrown-Silks over Land.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Math. Andrewes, Mr. Slater,

Mr. Price, Mr. Golder ell, Sir John Key, Mr.

Sir Jr. Maffam, Mr. Fuller, Sir S. Bernadiston, Colonel

Perry, Sir John Dorrcll, Sir John Fleet, Sir Wm. Hony-rcood, Sir Ger. Pieces, Mr. Onjtmc, Mr. Haevtry, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. England, Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Colt,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Bloetjeild, Mr. Papillion, Sir Jof.

Herne, Mr. Christy, Mr. Hoev, Mr. Mr.

Bockenham, Mr. Arnold, Sir Eduard Huffiy, Sir Tho.

Taylor, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. John Smith, Sir Richard

Onslow, Sir John Moreton, Mr. FMr. Chetwynd:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered

to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Free Pro-next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of ceilings in the whole House, to consider of the Bill touching free P*1 hwuent. and impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

Sir John Dorrell presented to the House a Bill for the Importing Importation of Salt-pctre: And the same was received, Saltpetre, and read the First time.

Rejb/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Then the Objections to the State, laid before this Money given House by the Commissioners for the publick Accompts, for n<*va* of what Money hath been given for the Maintenance of Servlce* the Fleet during the War, and what they had received thereof, were read.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking the publick Accompts have a Copy of the said Objections.

Then the Order of the Day was read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the F leet for the Service of the'Year 1694.

And the Lord Falkland acquainted the House, That, Lift of Ships, by his Majesty's Command, he had Two Papers to lay &c. before the House; viz.

A Lift of Ships to answer those not named in the Lift of Ships intended for the main Fleet in the Chanel, and fur.Service in the Mediterranean and West Indies; and,

A Lift of their Majesties Ships and Vessels, befido3 those intended for the main Fleet in the Chanel, and for Service in the Mediterranean and I Vest-Indies; which may be employed for Convoys and Cruisers in the Year 16.94- t

Which his Lord ship delivered in accordingly.

And the same were read, and arc as followeth; viz.

Admiralty-OffceA A Lift of Ships to answer those not 23 Nov. 1093. 3 named in the Lift of Ships intended for the main Fleet in the Chanel,

and for Service in the Mediterranean and

D Rate.

10 230 Nox

Rate. Ships Names. Men. Guns.

4th - - - Tyger Prize 230 - - - 48

Lumley-Castle - 280 - - - 56

Loyal Merchant - 190 — 50

Princess Anne - - 200 - - - 48

5th- - - Smyrna Factor - 140 - - - 40

Play Prize - 130 - - - 30

Falcon 150 — 36

Mermaid - 115 - - 32

Portsmouth - 135 - - - 32

Conception Prize 115 - - - 32

Richmond - 105 - - - 26

Non such - - 150 - - - 36

Greyhound 75 - - - 16

St Dadoes 75 - - - 16

Wild Prize 45 - - - 12

Rupert Prize 85 - - - 20

St. Alban's Prize - 90 - - - 18

Mariana Prize - 85 - - - 18

2,395 - - 56s

Falkland, H. Preistman,

J. Lowther, Robert Austin,

R. Rich.

A. 1693.

5th -

Ships Names. Men. Guns.

Ruby - - - 230 - - - 48

Dragon - - 220 - - . 46

Coronation 7... Bonad venture \ 1 C200 - - 4»

\200 - - - 50

St. Albans - - - 280 - - - 50

Bristol - - 230 - - - 48

Bonadventure - - - 230 - - - 48

Southampton - - 230 - - - 48

Hampshire - - - 220 - - 46

Prince of Orange - - l80 - - - 46

Crown - - 230 - - - 48

New Africa - - l8o - - - 46

King-fisher- - - 220 - - - 46

Reserve - - 230 - - - 48

Assistance - - - 230 - - - 48

Samuel and Henry - - l80 - - - 44

Forefight - - - 230 - - - 48

Archangel - - - 200 - - - 48

Centurion - - - 230 - - - 48

Weymouth - - - 230 - - - 48

Oxford - - 280 - - 54

Woolwich - - - 280 - - - 54

Newcastle - - - 280 - - - 54

Norwich - - - 230 - - - 48

Portland - - - 230 - - - 48

Dartmouth - - 230 - - - 48

Charles Galley - - - l80 - - - 32

Adventure - - - 190 - - - 44

Sheerness - - - 135 - - - 32

Garland - - 130 - - - 30

Sandadoes Prize - - l80 - - - 40

Sweepftakes - - l8o - - - 42

Prudence - - - l80 - - 42

Prince George - m - 120 - - - 36

Delavall - - - 130 - - - 30

England Frigate - - 150 - - - 42

Dolphin - - 115 - - - 26

Virgin Prize - - 135 - - - 32

dJnity - - - 140 - - - 36

Sapphire - - 135 - - - 32

Dover Prize 135 - - - 32

Warrington - - 130 - - - 30

5th-

6th -

Admiralty-Office,7 A Lift of their Majesties Ships and ..3 Nov. 1693. Vessels, besides those intended for the main Fleet in the Chanel, and for Service in the Mediterranean and the West Indies, which may be employed for Convoys and Cruisers in the Year 1694.

Rate.

4th

5th

Ships Names. Men. Giu|9»

James Galley - 160 - - - 36

Mary Galley - 160 - - - 34

Smyrna Merchant - 140 - - - 40

Experiment - - 135 - - - 32

Milford - - - 135 — 32

Pembroke - - 135 — 32

Four new ones, at 135}

Men, and 32 Guns; 540 - - 128

each - i i

Lucas Galley 60 — 16

Sally Rose - - 80 - - - 22

Roe Ketch - - ( 0 1 1 1 0

German Prize - 110 lr. 40-‘1 4 p*

Hind Ketch - - 50 - - - 10

Larke - mm 85 - - - is

Portsmouth Sloop - 60 — 16

Pearl Prize - - Ci 2 G. 65 - - -{ 6 P.

Julian Prize- - 65 - - - 14

Quaker Ketch - - 50 - - - IO

St. Martin Prize - m 100 24

Henry Prize - 80 24

Albrough Ketch - - 50 - - - to

Swallow Prize - 7.5 18

Goodwyn Prize - - 35 - - - 6

Five new ones, at 110} Men, and 24 Guns>550

each

-V

- - 120

Yachts.

6th -

5th -

Mary -Fubbs -FJenrietta -

Katharine -

Charlotte -

Monmouth -

Soefdyke -

Isabella -Merline -

Isle of Wight

Brigantines.

Shark -

Discovery -

Spy - -

Diligence -

Dispatch -

Bomb-Vessels. Firedrake -

Granada -

Serpent -

Mortar -

Kitchin- -

Salamander -

Phoanix -

Guard-Ships. Rose Fireship Assurance -

30

40

30

3o

30

40

8

12

8

8

8

' 8 G. P.

35 -

45 -

30 - - -5 -

Cfs.

G.

P.

30

35

35

35

35

65

65

65

65

30

35

20

45

80

-i

-I

4 G.

8 P. 6 G. 2 F. 6 G. 2 F. 6 G. 2 F. 6 G. 2 F.

ft 2 G. I 6 P. Ci 2 G. 16 P. (12 G. "* 6 P. 12 G. 6 P. - 8

- 10

- 8

- 10

- 26

Total - - - 12,130 -

Falkland,

J. Lead her,

H. Preistm

Robert Robert Rich.

Then

S W. &M. 230 — 240 — 250 NovewJbris.

jCFpiy. Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself intp % Cprpmittpe of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, that a State of the Debt due to the Seamen at Michaelmas last may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House a State of the Debt due to the Seamen at Michaelmas last.

Sir Tho. Littleton allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

TdlereforthSNoc^:g*f

So it passed in the Negative.

II

101.

£. s. i35>56 ——

The Lord Falkland, from the Commissioners of the to

Admiralty, according to Order, presented to the House i5£amen* a State of the Debt due to the Seamen at Michaelmas last.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

24 1093.

An Estimate of the Wages due to the Seamen serving in

their Majesties Navy to Mi last. For Wages to their Majesties Ships,' iq Pay to Michaelmas 1692, which qre not yet paid up to that Time, as the rest of the Fleet have l>een - For Wages to all their Majesties j Ships, in Pay, from the First of Nov. V 664,699 —

1692, to the 30th of Sept. 1693. - For the Recalls of those paid off,' whose Books are not yet cleared; calculated from the First Books by calling each Man's Wages remaining ing unpaid thereon, as also what remains in Arrear on the Books made up ——

236,660 ——

Total. £.1,036,415 ——

Veneris, 24° die Novembiis;

5° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

5th Ela.it* A BILL for Repeal of the 3 2d Article, in the Act of il 5 Eliz. containing divers Orders for Artificers and Wtawrj. others, which relates to Weavers of Cloth, Was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Guise, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir S. Bernadiston, Mr. Freke, Mr. How, Mr. Sandjord, Sir Rickard Hart, Mr. Bromley, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Ri. Reynolds, Mr.

Mr. Bockenham, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Slater, Mr. Price, Mr. Pigot, Mr. England, Sir Isaac Mr. Hedger, Sir Robert DoMr. J. Mr. Bid-

dulph, Sir John Moreton, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. S.Smith, Sir William Leman, Sir John Key, Sir Mr. Ogle, Sir Eduard ChifneAir. And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

FraMt The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-PiiluMti. f0)vec| itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for more frequent Elections of Parliaments.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made, feme Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Tt! Kirp's Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Alorning *j next, consider further of his Majesty's gracious Speech to M m ' both Houses of Parliament.

.M«ura* A Motion being made, and the Question being put, M"t- That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Telle* forth. Yea, {SJKSS W Vol. XI.

Falkland, Robert Austen,

J. Loot her, R. Rich.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aloming, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 25° die Nove; 5° Gulielmi ct Mari®.

Prayers.

JD ESOLVED, That a Committee be appointed to Regift ry of prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Enrolling and Deeds. Registering of all Conveyances of Lands.

And it is referred to Air. Clark, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr.

Bmyer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Waller, Sir Sir Rkhard Temple, Mr. Slater, Mr. Christie, Sir Christopher Musgrave, Mr. Hutchinson, Air Mr. How,

Sir John Dorrell, Sir Roger Pufeston, Sir Air. Femcick, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Smith, Air.

Roberts, Sir Rich.Hart, Sir John Key, Sir Walt. Young; or any Three of them.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Thomas Privilege. Bawderick and Nicholas Shipley bad arrested Mason, a menial Servant of Colonel Roll, a Alember of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Tho. Band Nicholas Shipley be sent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the fame.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Joseph Ditto. Osborne, Keeper and Warrener to Colonel Roll, a Afcm-ber of this House, hath been arrested by John Pope,

Thomas Clayton, William Ofgodby, Charles Coclcram, and William Dixon; and that he is now in Prifen in the Castle in Lincoln, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Joseph Osborne be discharged out of Prifen.

Ordered, That the said John Pope, Thomas Clayton, William Ofgodby, Cfunies Cockram, and Dixon, be summoned to attend this House forthwith, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Colonel

Frequent

Parnuinents.

Debt due to Seamen, & c.

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Call of the house.

*5

270

Novembris.

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for more frequent Elections of Parliaments was committed. That they had trade several Amendments to the Bill} which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question feveratly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1693.

Lutue, 27 die Novemb

5* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

RDERED, That Colonel Deane have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for len Days, upon extraordinary Auieace. Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Royal Mine*, prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines.

Rejohed, That this House will begin to fit every House to fit Morning at Nine a Clock, and proceed on publick Business at VClock. at Ten a Clock: And that no new Motion be made after One a Clock.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the State of the Debt due to the Seamen at Michaelmas last, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it is Mr. PapiUion presented to the House, from the Com- Victualling referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to their missioners for victualling the Fleet, according to Order, 1116 I lect-

Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet for the Service of the Year 1694.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Account, delivered in from the Lords of the Treasury, of what Money hath been raised upon the Million Bill, and Bill for Review of the Quarterly Poll, and how much they are deficient, be referred also to the said Committee.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet for the Service of the Year 1694.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to two Refutations, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised towards the discharging the Wages due to the Seamen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, be granted to their Majesties, including the Ordinary, by reason of the Revenues now falling lliort, in full, for the Maintenance of the Fleet.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised towards the discharging the Wages due to the Seamen.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by transposing foine Words therein; by leaving out

the Words, " including the Ordinary, by reason of the " Revenues now falling short," where they now Itand, and adding them after the Word " Fleet

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That a further Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, be granted to their Majesties, in full, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, including the Ordinary, by reason of the Revenues now falling short.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

the several Orders that they did receive for the victualling the Fleet the last Summer; with a List of several Papers; and an Account of what Provisions ought to be remaining in Specie, the 6th Day ot June 1693, on board their Majesties Ships of the Line of Battle, that were victualled at London and Portsmouth, being the Day they parted with Sir George Rooke's Squadron; and foine general

Observations.

Which Lift, and Account, and Observations, were read.

The Lord Falkland, from the Commissioners of the Ditto. Admiralty, according to Order, presented to the House the States of the Provision of the Fleet font to them in May last from Spithead, and in June, last from Torbay, by the Admirals that commanded the F'leet the last Summer.

And the same were read.

The House being informed, That the Commissioners Ditto, of the Navy attended, according to Order;

They were called in, and asked several Questions touching the manner of victualling the Fleet: And they delivered in their Instructions for Victualling of the fleet; and a State of the Victualling of the Fleet, at its failing from Spithead the 30th of May 1693.

And then withdrew.

And the State of the Victualling of the Fleet, at its failing from Spithead the 30th May 1693, was read.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Mifcamage resumed the further C01 did. ration of the Question, ad- ot me I adjourned on Wednesday last; viz. That there was sufficient l'cer on board the main Fleet, when Sir Geo. IIpa-

ra ted, to have convoyed Sir Geo. Rooke's Squadron, and the Merchant Ships, out of Danger of the French Fleet.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

And they were brought in accordingly.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Question, by leaving out the Word " French and, instead thereof, inserting " Brest

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding to the main Question these Words " and the " ThoulonSquadron."

And the Question being put, That the Words " and " the Thoulon Squadron" be added to the main Question;

The House divided.

The \ eas go forth.

Tellers for the Ycasi?1/ R?!erf

'(Mr. Herbert:

Tellers for the Noes,f^r'.f/

'(Sir Walt. Youns

]i65.

j'91-

So it palfed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question beimr Dut

That the Members of this House, who are Victuallers of the Navy, do withdraw;

It passed in the Negative.

Then

5 W. SiM. 270 — 28° — 290 Novembris.

Then the main Question being proposed, That there was 1'ufficient Beer on board the main Fleet, when Sir Geo.Rooke separated, to have convoyed Sir Geo. Roolcs Squadron, and the Merchant Ships, out of Danger of the Brest Fleet;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Queliion being put;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas^Jr' ®arlf'

t Mr. Brockman:

Tellers for the Nocsi Colonel Granvill,

I Sir Jo. Knight:

1S8.

152.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. lufolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, proceed further in the Enquiry into the Miscarriages of the Fleet the lai't Summer.

Ordered, That all such Persons, who were by Order to attend this House this Day, except the Commissioners of the Navy, do attend this House again upon Morning next.

Coiuiuees, Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the floufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Maiiis, 28° die Novembris; 5° Gulielmi et Mariae.

13

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for more frequent Elections of Frequent Parliaments was read the Third time. Parliaments.

An ingrollbd Clause was offered, as a Rider, That within Years after the Dissolution of this Parliament, and so after every other Parliament, there shall be a Session of Parliament.

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time j

The House divided.

} 89-

} 129-

pRAYERS.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir EdwHujfey, jeuers for the ieas,^Mr S

Tellers for die Noes JSir 1Km'

1 tilers for the iNoes,£Mr B:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas* gllrntzMc/m: } ' 36-

Tellers for the Noesj Cotlon: ] '4«.

So it passed in the Negative.

Yorklliire

Tnllof

Cuttle.

SIR John Key presented to the House, according to Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for Repeal of the Supply Bill;

Order, a Bill for discharging the Payment of Toll Clause, in the Act made in the First Year of their importing of Cattle passing over Boroughbridge, and other Places, Majesties Reign for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce Bra"dy' &c> upon the high Road in Yorkshire:And the same was with F, which prohibits the Importation of Brandy, received, and read the First time. be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next, at

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Eleven a Clock.

Debtors A Petition of the poor Prisoners in the PfUtam. Fleet, and other Prisons, not released by the late Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, was presented to the House and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners are many TlioufanJs, miserable Objects of Companion, and so wretchedly poor, that they are unable to pay their Debts, or so much as their Fees: And because the Keepers of the said Prisons refuse to l'wear, that the Petitioners were actually in their Custody, on the 28th Day of November 1690, as the said Act requires, because they were committed before the time of their being Keepers, and yet continue the Petitioners Impi ifonments for Debts clue before that Time; whereby they have not the intended Benefit of the said late Act, to the utter Ruin of them-lelves, and their numerous Families; whereas, if they were released, they could not only provide for their Families, but many of them would willingly serve their Majesties in the present War: That in the last Session, the King's-BenchMarlhal and Justices met before the

Committee of Grievance, to consult all possible Favour for the Release of poor Prisoners upon the said Act; yet, of above 8,000 Prisoners, but 18 have been fmee re. leased out of the King's-Bench; and several of those duly discharged have been fmee recommitted, and are now in Prison: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to explain the said former Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Arnold and Mr. Batoyerdo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

f;itpro. Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, in resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to hrlmunt. consider of the Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. XI.

The House proceeded, according to the Order of the Supply. Day, to consider further of his Majesty's gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And his Majesty's Speech was again read.

And a Motion being made for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Land Forces;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloufe, to consider of the said Motion.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,29° die Novembris;

5° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

THE Titles of the several Tables of Fees of the Fees in Law several Courts in Westminster-hall, Clerks of the Courts.

Peace for the Counties of Middlefe.vand Surrey, and Clerks of the Assize of the Home Circuit, presented to the House, according to Order, were read.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Tables of*Fees he referred to a Committee; and that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Waller, Mr. Colt, Mr Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Bulkley, Sir Richard Hart, Mr.

Newport, Mr. Wilmott, Colonel TMr. Stokes, Mr. Bickerjlaffe, Colonel Granville, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Butler,

Mr. Carter, Mr. Freke, Sir Edward Huffey, Sir S. Ber-

nadiston, Mr. How, Sir John Guise, Mr. Lutterell, Sir William York, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Norreis, Mr.

E Price,

Justices of Peace in Wales,

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Privilege.

5th Eliz. respecting Cloth Weavers.

Money given for IS aval Services.

Call of the House.

14 29 — 30° Novembris. A. 1693.

Price., Mr. Chettciptd, Mr. B Mr. Sir

Roger Puleston, Mr. Goldzvell, Mr. Sir Chr.

Musgrave, Sir Phil.Butler: And they are to meet To-

morrow in the Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Auditor of North JPales and South Wales do, by this Day Sevennight, present to this House an Account of the Fees of his Office.

Ordered, That the Receivers of North Wales and South Wales do, by this Day Sevennight, present to this House an Account of the Fees of their respefitive Offices.

Ordered, That the Officers and Servants belonging to the Judges of Westminster-hall, and Circuits, do, by this Day Sevennight, present to this House a Table of their respective Fees.

Ordered, That the Judge and Officers of the Court of Admiralty do, by this Day Sevennight, present to this House a Table of their respective Fees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal a Clause, in the Act of 34th and 35th of King Henry the Eighth, by which the Justices of the Peace in Wales are limited in each County: And that Mr. Lloyd do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Christy and Mr. Sarulford, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars: And the same was received, and read the Firl't time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Henry Withers had caused Richard Land Kel/am Smith, Bailiffs, to arrest Francis Mason,a menial Servant of Mr.

Palmes, a Member of this House, knowing him to be his Servant, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said Henry Withers, Richard Lead-biter, and Kcllam Smith, be lent for, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the fame.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Repeal of the 32d Article in the Act of 50 containing divers Orders for Artificers, and others, relating to Weavers of Cloth, is committed, have Power to bring in a Clause in the said Bill, to prevent the Exportation of all Earth and Clay whatsoever.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Objections to the State, laid before this House by the Commissioners for the publick Accompts, of what Money had been given for the Maintenance of the Fleet during the War, and what they had received thereof, be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

Then Admiral Killigrew, Sir Cloudejly Shovel/, and Sir Ralph Delavall, were called in, and heard.

And then withdrew.

And the Qucition being put, That it does appear to this House, that the Admirals that commanded the Fleet the lait Summer, had, on the Eleventh Day of lait. Information that Part of the Brest Fleet was going out to Sea;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the YeM t'-1' ' i Sir It all. Youa* .\ 1C1.

Tellers for the Noes,f£ol,",e! I Sir Robert Dovers: 170.

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Noion; 5° Gulielmi cl Maria1.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Da:nicy have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month; his Lady being very lick. AM'ence.

A Petition of several Owners and Inhabitants of the Axe Bridge. Low' and Level Lands, near the River was read;

letting forth. That the said Level consists of near 40,000 Acres of rich and improveable Lands, which, for many Years past, hath been of low Rents, by reason of the Influx of the Tide, for w'ant of a Check thereunto, by a Bridge, to be erected on the River Axe, at feme convenient Place near the Parish of Bi'cane; which, if done, would be of very great Advantage to the Petitioners, and many others: And praying the Consideration of the House; and that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the making a Bridge over the River Axe in the County of

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Colonel Berkley, Sir John Afore-ton, Mr. Chetzcyiid, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Sam!for J

Mr. Cooke, Sir Cha. Porter, Mr. Mr. Parker,

Colonel Titus, Mr. Gxcyn, Capt. DyMr. Mr. Jerrois, Mr. Bozcyer, Mr. Christy, Sir Gere. E/zees, Mr.

Fuller, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Freke, Sir John Mr. Bloxvfeild, Sir John Key, Mr. England, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Hedger; and all the Members thalferve for the Counties of Somerset and Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Miscarriages The House, according to the Order of the Day, proof the fleet, ceeded further in the Enquiry into the Miscarriages of the Fleet the last Summer.

And John Rutter, Daniell Castle, Major,

Mr. Samuell Alston, Sir Child, Lieutenant Thomas Williams, Captain Canning, Rice I Fall,

Thomas Hind, and Wil'ham Powell, were severally called in,

' and examined touching the Matter of the said Enquiry.

And afterwards, Admiral Killigrew, and the said John Rutter, were called in together, and asked several Questions; to which they answered.

And then withdrew.

Sir Cloudejly Shovell, and the said Jolm Rutter, were called in, and asked several Questions; to which they answered.

And withdrew:

Sir Ralph Delavall, and the said John Rutter, were called in, and asked several Questions; to which they answered.

And then withdrew.

Captain Kerr, and the said John Rutter, were called in, and asked several Questions; to which they answered.

And then withdrew.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- London mon-Council, of the City of London, w as presented to the Orpins House, and read; letting forth, That, by the general and national Troubles, after the Reign of I.; by their former Payments of great Sums, for Interest to the Orphans; by the great Fire of London; by reason of the late illegal Quo Warranto brought against them; and other great Losses; their Debts to the Orphans amount to a Sum vastly greater than they are able to pay, without the Assistance of this House: That the Petitioners have uled their utmost Endeavours to raise Monies, and, from time to time, have paid the fame, towards the Relief of the said Orphans; but all the Powers and Estate of the City cannot satisfy their Debts: And praying the Consideration of the House, in order to a Provision to be made for Payment of the Debts due to the Orphans of the said

City.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition

.4 linage Duly.

Hackney-

Ctxicnes.

Yorksliira

Toliof

Code,

Marriages

«i ;Lc Fleet.

Ways and 3Ifdis,

5 W. & M. 300 Novembris. — 1°

A Petition of the Clothiers, Shopkeepers, and others, Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, rciiding in the Counties of IForcester and Stafford, was read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have, for many Years lull pait, been grievously oppressed by the Farmers of the Duty of Aulnage: For Red refs whereof, the Petitioners presented several Petitions to the lull, and this present Parliament; which were referred to a Committee; and Pills have been depending in every Session of this Parliament; but none of them have had their deli red Effects; and the Petitioners are still liable to the said Opprcilion, which is for no publick Good, but only to enrich ibme private Persons, out of the Labour of many Thousands of their Majesties indufirious Subjects: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Rc/b/ved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be lvierrcd to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Richard IIoxc, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Btowfeild., Sir Tho, Littleton, Mr. Bracer, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bofcozcen, Mr. Freke, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Palmes, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. 11 axe try. Sir John Guifc. Mr. Fuller, Mr. IFilmot, Mr. Snndjbrd, Mr. Holt, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Colt, Mr. Lietterell, Mr. John Ho:v, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Foley, Mr. P. Foley, Sir John IVynn, Sir Fr. Guibon, Mr. Gzcyn, Mr. England, Mr. (ioldxcell, Mr. Cooke, Sir John More ton. Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Baljh, Mr. Chrijiy, Mr. I Fuller: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Number of Hackney-Coaches in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality: And that Air. Bracer do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for discharging the Payment of Toll of Cattle passing over Borough bridge, and other Places, upon the high Road in Yorkshire, was read the Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Key, Mr. Bathurji, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Lafjllls, Mr. Palmes, Mr. IValpoole, Sir Fr.MaJam, Mr. Gzcynn, Mr. England, Lord Powlet. Air. JFuller, Mr. Biduulph, Sir John More-ton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fawkes, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Richard How, Sir ./o/m Bland, Mr. Hendry, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Pelham, Air. /////, Sir Fr. Molyneux, Mr. Chrijiy, Mr. Thornhaugh, Colonel Goldzcell, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Hedger, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Mr. Bloxcfeild; and all the Alcin-bers that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Queen Dowager's Counsel, and all Persons concerned, be summoned, and heard before the Committee.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, esquire further into the Aiifcarriages of the Fleet the lait Summer.

Ordered, That the Admirals that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, do attend this House upon Wednesday Aloming next, at Ten a Clock.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Afeans for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Alaintenance of the Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thmas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had, according to Order, proceeded upon the State of what was raised by the Alillion Bill, and Bill for Review^ of the Quarterly Poll, and how much the same was deficient; and had come so several Resolutions, which Vol. XI.

they had directed him to report to the ITonfe; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of 118,506/. 5 s. 10 d. is wanting to complete the Sum of One Alillion, granted to their Majesties by an Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer,

Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards the carrying on the War against France.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of 293,692/. 17,?. 10 d. is wanting to complete the Sum of 300,000l. granted to their Majesties by an Act made In the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Review of the Quarterly Poll granted to their Majesties in the last Session of this present Parliament. '

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Marine contradicente, That this IToule doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that the Sum of 118,506/. 5 s. 10 d. is wanting to complete the Sum of One Million, granted to their Majesties by an Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the llud Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thou find Pounds, towards the carrying on the War against France.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of 293,692 /. 17 s. 10 d. is wanting to complete the Sum of 300,qoo/. granted to their Majesties, by an Act made in the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Review of the Quarterly Poll granted to their Majesties in the last Session of this present Parliament.

Sir Thomas Littleton also repotted from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in considering of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Alaintenance of the Fleet; and that they had directed him to move the House, that they have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alorning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Alainteirance of the Fleet.

Ordered, That the said Committee of the whole House do also consider of Ways and Afeans for raising the Aloney deficient upon the said Alillion Bill, and Bill for Review of the Quarterly Poll.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Decembris;

50 Gulielmi et Alarite.

Prayers.

MR. Lloyd, according to Order, presented to the Justices of House a Bill for repealing a Clause, in the Statute Peace in of 34 and 350 Hen. Vlllth, by which the Justices of Wales# Peace in Wales are limited to Eight in each County:

And the same was received.

The

i° — 2° Dec.

Duchy of Cornwall Lea/ing.

Free Proceedings in Parliament.

Supply Bill; importing Brandy, &c.

Stockbridge

Election.

Exporting Potters day.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame} and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made: And that Mr. Travers do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1693.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill, for repealing the 32d Article in the Statute of 50 E/iz.relating to Weavers of Cloth, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament was committed, That they had made some Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill for Repeal of the Clause, in the Afit made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, which prohibits the Importation of Brandy, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made in Pr. 1. L. last, to leave out " Act," and insert " Afits," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An A fit for repealing such Parts of several former Afits, as prevent or prohibit the Importation of Foreign Brandy, Aqua-Vita, and other Spirits, and Bacon, except from France.

Ordered, That Sir Chr. Muf do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Henri/ Daw/ey Esquire was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elefited to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Slack bridg. Com. Southampton; but the Bailiff of the said Borough hath unduly returned A nth. Row Esquire, who was altogether a Stranger there; and many Votes for him were obtained by extravagant Gifts: And praying Relief in the said Matter.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elcfitions; And that they do report the Matter thereof, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edmund Warner Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, and his Ancestors, have been, Time out of Mind, Owners of an El'tate wherein they have constantly dug a Sort of Clay, only proper for making of white Earthen-Ware, wherewith he hath always furnished the Potters of England: — That, since the general Prohibition of Commerce with France, the Dutch, w ho were ul'cd to have the same Sort of Clay out of the French Conquest in Flanders, have been furnished by your Petitioners: — That the Customhouse-Officers, upon Pretence that the Petitioners Clay was Fullers-Earth, seized several Vessels thereof, going to Holland: Whereupon there hath been two Tryals at the Exchequer-Bar; where it w'as found, that the same was not Fullers-Earth, but Potters Clay: — That the Committee for repealing a Clause in the Afit 5* F/iz. having a Power to bring in a Clause to prevent the Exportation of all Earth and Clay, it will be a great Damage to the Petitioner's Inheritance: And praying to be heard in the Premises.

Sabbati, 2° die Decembris;

5° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Clothiers of the West-Riding Auluage of the County of York was presented to the Lloufe, -and read; setting forth, That, by ancient Statutes, an Office of Aulnage was erefited, That the Dealers in Cloth might not be deceived therein; and the Duty of Aulnage was granted to the Crown, for releasing Forfeitures that were grievous to the Dealers in Cloth: That the said Office is now useless, and no-ways answers the End of its first Constitution, but is become very burdenforr.e to the Subjefit, and a great Hindrance to the Woollen Trade:

For Remedy whereof, Applications have been made to this House in several Sessions of Parliament, and a Bill passed this House; yet had not its defied Effects; to the Oppression of the Petitioners, and many thousand others:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers, Shopkeepers, and others, Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, residing in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford, relating to the Aulnage, is referred: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Holt, Mr. Arnold, Committee Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Wyndliam, Mr EngMr. of Privileges.

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Haichy, Mr. BurrardMr. Mr. Brewer, Sir Jon. Jennings, be added to the Committee of Elcfitions and Privileges.

A Bill for repealing a Clause in the Statute of 340 and J«(u«3 of 330 Hen. VIII, by which Justices of the Peace in arc limited to Eight in each County, was read the Second time,

Refhlvcd, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Mr. Manfcll, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Cooke, Mr. England, Mr.

JValter, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harley, Serjeant

JVogan, Mr. How, Mr. Brice, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Newport, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Morgan,

Air. A Ion laid, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Arnold, Air.

Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Darc/l, Colonel Perry, Sir Cha. Key mis, Air.

Air. Onslow, and all that serve for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at l our of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre was read the Importing Second time. Saltpetre.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Complaint being made to this House, That Sir Privilege. Tho. Miller, a Alcmber of this House, named a Comtniffioner in the Afit for granting to their Alajcltics an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, was, the 2 2d Day of May last, for afiting in Execution of the said Afit, served by one Eduard Smith with a Subpoena out of the Court of Exchequer, and an Order thereunto annexed,

15 to

5 W. & M. 2° — 40 — 50 Decembris.

to appear and answer the same in the said Court, in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Copy of which Subpoena and Order was read.

Ordered, That the said Edw Smith be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending* this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

them, to give an Account, whether he had paid any of the said Monies to Members of Parliament; and had refilled to give an Account thereof upon Oath.

Ordered, That the said Mr. be summoned to

attend this House immediately.

jippljr- The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made for a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Land-Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to'a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for the Land-Forces.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " for the Year 1694."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicen That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lo amended, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for the Land-Forces, for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Resolved, Nemine contradicen, That an humble Ad-drels be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That his Majesty will please to command, that a State of the War, in relation to the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, be laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 4* die Decembris; 5* Gulielmi et Maria:.

BojilMinn. A J'R. Shackerley, according to Order, presented to lVJL the House a Bill to prevent Disputes and Con-troverlies concerning Royal Mines: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ak Bridge. Mr. Sand ford reported from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the several subscribing Owners and Inhabitants of the low and level Lands, near

the River Severnc, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the

7

making a Bridge over the River , in the County of Somerset, was referred, That the Committee had conli-dered the Matter of the said Petition, and conceived the same to be a publick Good; and had directed him to move the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the said Petition: And that Colonel Berkley and Mr. Sand forddo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Kroon', Arc. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for lutcf Ln' erc^'nR a Court of Conscience in Ilo/horne and J'in.shun/ Divisions, in the County o {MidAnd that Mr. Hautry and Colonel Perry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Thomas Clarges, from the Commissioners for taking IU*, J the publick Accounts, acquainted the House, That one

lairds 1 HhOllf-ht*r» n| Actouou

Mr. Francis Rain-ford, Receiver of the Droits and PerqiiiCtcs of the Admiralty, had been summoned before Vol. XI.

Mr. Foley, from the Commissioners for taking the Money given public Accounts, presented to the House a Reply of £,r ^'"va* the said Commissioners, to the Objections, made by the Service* Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to the State of Supplies to the Navy, delivered in to this House.

And the same was read.

Ordered, That the said State, and Objections, and Reply, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury have a Copy of the said Reply.

An ingrossed Bill, touching free and impartial Pro- Free Proceedings in Parliament, was read the Third time. codings

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to Order, was called over: Call of And ‘ House*

The Names of such as made Default were called over a Second time; and the Absence of several ol them exculed, by reason of Sickness, and Indisposition of Health.

Resolved, That Sir JVilf Lcrufon, John Mitchell Esquire, Sir Mark Milbanck, Roger Kerby Esquire, Sir Francis

Warr, and Hen.Chrcers Esquire, be sent for in Custody

of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting themselves from their Service in Parliament.

Resolved, That Walter Kendall Esquire, Nicholas Glyn Esquire, A mb. Mannaton Esquire, Lien. Manmton Esquire, Jonathan Trelawny Esquire, Sir Ralph Carr, Richard Newport Esquire, and Tho. Dore Esquire, be excused their Attendance for a Week only: And that they be again called over upon this Day Sevennight: And that such of them as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Hugh Fortescue Esquire, and Tho. Windham Esquire, be exculed their Attendance for a Poitnight only: And that they be again called over upon this Day Fortnight; and that such of them as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to leave the Service of this House, without Leave first obtained; and to be moved for between the Hours of Eleven and One a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis,5* (lie Decembris;

5® Gulielmi et Maria:.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Town of Aulnage Taunton, and County thereunto adjacent, w ho are Duty, occupied and employed in the Cloth and Serge Manufacture, was read; letting forth. That the Office of Aulnage was appointed for preventing Frauds that might be itnpoled on the Dealers in Cloth; and, since the Constitution of that Office, several Statutes have been made for the better regulating of Cloth; w hereby many Benefits, designed at first by that Office, are utterly taken away, and the same is now become iileless and oppressive to the Petitioners, and all other Dealers in the Woollen Manufactory: That the Petitioners have formerly made their Applications to this House for Relief; and a Bill for

F that

Aulnage

Duty.

Clitheroe

Election.

Importing

Saltpetre.

Justices of Peace in Wales.

5° Decentbfis. 1693.

that Purpose did, Three several Sessions successively, pass this House; but was opposed by the Farmers of the Aulnage, in the House of Lords, for their own private Interest, and there stopt; to the Prejudice and Oppression of the Petitioners: And praying the Confederation of the House therein.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the Coutity of Gloucester was read; setting forth, That the Clothing Trade has been, and is, the most advantageous Manufacture of this Kingdom; but the Duty of Aulnage, as now collected, is a great Obstruction thereunto, and is become an intolerable Oppression to the Petitioners; for that the Farmers compelled them to pay a greater Duty than by Law was due i All which has been formerly made appear to the House; who, for tire Petitioners Relief, in the Three last Sessions of this Parliament, passed a Bill; but by the great Opposition, made by the said Farmers, in the House of Lords, the same hath been obstructed, and the Petitioners thereby unrelieved: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said several Petitions be severally referred to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Clothiers, Shopkeepers and others, Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, residing in the Counties of Worcester arid Stafford, is referred.

A Petition of John Weddaill Esquire, relating to the Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir George Rook do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and others, trading in Saltpetre, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that there is a Bill depending in this House, for the Importation of Saltpetre, notwithstanding the Act of Navigation: Which Bill, the Petitioners conceive, doth vastly tend to the Prejudice of the Kingdom in general, and particularly to the Petitioners: And praying to be heard before the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Importation of Saltpetre is committed.

Mr. Lloyd reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing a Clause in the Statute of 34* and 35* Hen. VIII. by which the Justices of Peace in Wales are

limited to Eight in each County, was committed, That they had made feme Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Plac$, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Colonel Goldxcell reported from the Committee, to Importing whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Bailiffs, throw" bllk* Wardens, and Assistants, of the Companies of Weavers of London, and Canterbury, was referred, That they had considered the said Petition; and conceived, that it would be a publick Good, for fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown-Silk to be imported over Land, during the present War with France: And had agreed upon a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterward delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Importing of fiue Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown-Silks over Land, into thele Kingdoms, during the present War with France.

Ordered, That I-eave be given to bring in a Bill for the Importing of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Thrown-

Silks over Land, into these Kingdoms; with a Blank for the Time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Francis Rainsford A Witness attended; fnbmits lmn-

He was called in, and asked several Questions: Where-upon he declared, That he was willing to give in his before Com-Accounts in general; and also an Account of what million ere of Monies he had paid to Members of Parliament, upon Account. Oath, before the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts.

And then withdrew.

The Earl of Ranelaugliacquainted the House, That his Land Force*.

Majesty had been pleal'ed to command him to lay before the House the State of the War, in relation to the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

And the same was read; and is as followeth;

A Lift of the Land-Forces, which his Majesty thinks necessary to be maintained in England, Scotland, and

beyond Seas, for the Service of the Year 1694.

'G «/5 c c 0 ofc Non-commis- fionedOfticers. a <u

HORSE. ro c cc a Cu a g s U C HO § s 0 <£ uo 0) rt > C £4 Togetliei Pay per Annum. Servants allowed*

£. s. d.

First Troop of Guards - - - 1 18 13 260 291 21,985 3 4 16

Second Troop of Guards - -,) 18 13 260 291 21,985 3 4 16

Third Troop of Guards - - 1 18 13 260 291 21,985 3 4 16

Troop of Scots Guards - jf - 1 11 5 118 134 9,687 14 2 13

Royal Regiment -Queen's Regiment - m - 9 40 45 531 616 33,829 8 4 *» 1 j

- - 9 41 45 531 617 34,094 0 10 75

Colonel Villiers's - - - 6 29 30 354 413 23,098 8 4 5*

Lord Berklye's - - - - 6 29 30 354 413 23,098 8 4 51

Colonel Langftonne's, late Godfreye's Colonel Coye's - - 6 29 30 354 413 23,098 8 4 5*

- - 6 29 30 354 413 23,098 8 4 51

Colonel Wyndham's -Duke of Leinster's - - - 6 29 30 354 4*3 23,098 8 4 5»

- - 6 29 30 354 413 23,098 8 4 51

Lord Gallwaye's - - - - 9 114 45 531 690 44,952 15 10 75

DAN ES. Prince of Wirtembergh's -Late Marquis La Forrest's - - 6 32 36 306 374 12,912 7 9

- - 6 32 36 306 374 12,912 7 9

Colonel Schefted's - - - 6 32 36 306 374 12,912 7 9

DUTCH. Troop of Guards - - - 1 15 5 200 220 18,389 18 4 12

Regiment of Guards -Stinboch's, late Retddeffell's - - 6 28 36 402 466 25,206 5 10 51

3 16 15 198 229 12,650 5 10

Reighteven's

W. ef M.

50 Decembris.

HORSE.

Reighteven's -Monpouillan's - -

Athlone'8 -Sgravenmore's Zuyleftein's -

Schack's -

Vittenhoff's, late Nsevenhuife's Bonconus - -

Total of Horse now in Pay -

To be added, Eight Regiments of Horle, each of) the same Numbers, and at the same Pay, as the > Queen's Regiment before-laid.....)

Total of Horse, including the said Addition -

Troop* and Companies. / "S JK S 5; C 11 If 0 a

3 16 *5

3 *7 18

3 *7 18

3 *7 18

3 *7 18

3 *7 18

3 *7 18

3 *7 18

1 *9 724 664

72 328 360

1,052 1,024 1

n

a.

198

165

165

165

165

»65

16.5

165

7,686

4,248

11 >934

to

220

200

200

200

200

200

200

200

9>° 74

4,936

14,010

*9

Pay per Annum.

-C.

*2,650

6.901

6.901

6.901

6.901

6.901

6.901

6.901

483,055

5

*3

*3

‘3

*3

3

*3

>3

d.

10

6

6

6

6

6

6

6

272,752 6 8 755,807 jp

2nd

IS

C

a;

655

600

DRAGOONS.

Royal Regiment, ——

Colonel Leveson's -

Earl of Essex's, late Lord Fitzharding's Sir Tho. Levingfton's -

Colonel Eppinger's -

Total Dragoons now in Pay - - -To be added, Four Regiments of Dragoons, each) of the same Numbers, and at the same Pay, as> the Royal Regiment before-mentioned -;

Total of the said Dragoons, including the said-)

Addition.....-j

FOOT.

First Regiment of Guards Second Regiment of Guards -Regiment of Scots Guards Royal Regiment - -

Regiment of Fuzileers -Colonel Selwyn's - -

Colonel Churchill's -

Colonel Trelawny's -

Colonel Beaumont's -

Earl of Bath's -

Colonel Brewer's -

Colonel Hastings -

Colonel Tidcomb's, late Beveridge's Sir David Collier's -

Sir James Lefly's -

Late Colonel Goodwyn's Sir Geo. St. George's.

Colonel Collingwood's -Colonel Stanly s Colonel D'O'Farrell's -

Late Colonel Foulkes's - -Colonel Earl's, formerly Luttrell's Colonel Earl's from Ireland Earl of Monmouth's -

Duke of Bolton's -Late Colonel Godfrey Lloyd's Lord Castleton's -

Colonel Venners's -

Colonel Engoldfby's, late Sir John Morgan

Earl of Leven's.....*

Colonel Fergulbn's, late Angufic's Earl of Arguile's - -

Colonel Tiffin's - -

Colonel Eneas Mackay's Sir Charles Gray ham's -

Colonel Lander's.

Late Prince of Hesse's -

Lord Cuttz's - -

Colonel Edward Lloyd's

This Line of Figure is omitted in the Journal, and if supplied from the Account which w^i presented to the House.

8 6 6 6 10 38 30 3° 30 45 72 54 54 54 90 48c 36c 36c, 360 800 59C > 444 1 444 444 935 1 20,926 1.5.999 15.999 15.999 3L329 13 3 3 3 3 a A 4 1 67 1 51 1 5i 1 5> 83

36 >73 324 2,360 2,857 100,253 6 8 i 303

32 >52 288 1,920 2,360 83,706 >3 4 268

68 325 612 4,280 5,217 183,960 — — 57i

28 99 224 2,240 2,563 54,016 *9 2 145

5> 112 1,120 1,283 27,5H 17 6 74

5> 112 1,120 1,283 20,966 4 2 74

88 208 1,560 1,856 31,712 8 4 135

46 104 780 930 16,455 8 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 if>,i45 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,14.5 3 4 .69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 7S0 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,14.5 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,14.5 3 4 69

44 104 7 80 928 18,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

Treaties of Alliance.

IjOndoii

Orphans

Fuud.

Committees.

Privilege — Persons petition for JDilcharge*

5° — 6° Decembris.

A. 1693.

FOOT.

Company at Windsor -

Company of Miners -Company at U pnor -New York Companies -

Company at the Leeward Islands -DANES. Battalion of Guards -Queen's Battalion -Prince Frederick's Battalion -Prince Christian's Battalion -Prince George's Battalion -The Zealand Battalion -

The J utland Battalion -The Funish Battalion -DUTCH. Regiment of Guards -Count dc Nafiaw's -Colonel Anver's, late Groben's Prince Brandenburgh's -

Total of Foot now in Pay -' - -

To be added, Twenty-five Regiments of Foot,' each of the same Numbers, and at the fame( Pay, as Colonel Selwyn's Regiment before- ( mentioned -

Total of Foot, including the said Addition

Total of Ilorfc, Dragoons, and Foot - -

Troops and Companies. Commissioned Officers, &c. £ *6 8oO V § s Private Men. Together. Pay per Annum- Servants allowed*

£. s. d.

1 4 14 150 168 1,727 9 .8

1 2 6 50 58 1,733 15 4

1 2 6 50 58 863 16 8

2 6 16 120 142 2,354 5 10

1 3 8 60 71 1,177 2 6 5

7 42 91 728 861 14,224 5 2 28

7 36 91 714 841 11,060 14 6 25

6 32 78 612 722 9,516 1 3 24

6 32 78 612 722 9,602 19 4 24

6 31 78 612 721 9,152 18 2 24

6 32 78 612 722 9,602 19 4 24

6 32 78 612 722 9,494 6 8 24

6 31 78 612 721 9,152 18 2 24

26 9° 209 2,381 2,680 54,068 13 4 125

12 40 120 684 844 11,231 4 6 36

12 40 120 684 844 11,231 4 6 36

12 40 120 684 844 11,231 4 6 36

655 2,326 5,565 43,317 51,208 877,024 9 1 3,297

325 1,100 2,600 19,500 23,200 . 403,629 3 4 1,725

980 3,426 8,165 62,817 74,408 1,280,653 1 2 5 5,022

1,239 4,803 9,801 79,031 93,635 2,220,421 11 10 6,848 "

Memorandum. The 6,848 Servants are included in the said 93,635, the Total as to Numbers, of the foregoing Lift: But the said Servants being deducted, the said Total will be reduced to 86,787.

£. t. d.

Memorandum also; That over and above the Total of the Charge of the foregoing Lift, being 2,220,421 11 10 There will be wanting for the Train - -- - 210,773 4 5

And for General Officers, Levy-Money, Transports, Subsidies, Hospitals, and Contingencies, 7 upon a moderate Computation - - - y

450,000 ——

And so the Total of the foregoing Lift, and the aforesaid Particulars, will be - - - £. 2,881,194 16 3

By his Majesty's Command, 1

William Blathwayt.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That his Majesty will be pleased to command, that such offensive Treaties, and Alliances, as his Majesty is now under with the Confederates, and the Proportions of Forces that the Confederates are obliged to make, for the carrying on of this War, may be laid before this House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Sevennight, at Ten a Clock in the Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, relating to the Orphans.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Decembris;

50 Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thomas and Nicholas

Shipley, in Culiody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege committed against Colonel Roll, a Member of this House, was read; whereby they begged Pardon for their Offence; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Thom. Bawdrick and Nicholas Shipley be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to their Discharge.

The Serjeant at Arms acquainted the House, That A Person t. Mr. William OJgodby (who was summoned to attend this attend. House upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Colonel Roll) was come to Town.

Ordered, That the said Mr. OJgodby do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Stocking-makers of the City of Aulnage Wells, and Places adjacent, relating to the Aulnage, was Duty, read; setting forth. That though the Duty of Aulnage is, by Law, only payable for Woollen Cloth; yet the Farmers of the said Duties, of late Years, have unjustly taken what Duty they pleased, for all Sorts of Stockings, to the Opprefiion and Loss of the Petitioners Trade, because they are not able to maintain a Suit in Law with .....:

That the Petitioners hoped to have been relieved by the Bill, in the last and former Sessions of Parliament, for ltedrels of the said Grievance: That the said Bill did not then pass into a Law: Therefore the Petitioners pray Relief in the Premises.

And Sir John Dorrell reported from the Committee, to Ditto, whom the Consideration of the several Petitions, relating to the Aulnage, were referred, That they had considered the fame; and were very sensible of the great Abuses and Exactions the Clothiers of the Kingdom have laboured under for this many Years: And finding, that the said Office of the Aulnage is become altogether unnecessary, and no-ways answering the End of its first Institution, they 19 had

5 W. & M. 6° — 7° Decembris.

had come to a Itesolution, which they hud directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where fee same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, titat a Bill be brought in to take away the Duty of Aulnage.

Ordered, That a' Bill be brought in to take away the Duty of Aulnage: And that Sir Dorrell and Mr. Waller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

tody of Mr. Travers, according to Order, presented to the fonwiil House a Bill to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of or annexed to the fame; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made: And the same was received.

And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Trills for A Bill for the Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High* Trtiw#. Treason, and Misprision of Treason, w'as read the First time.

Re/obed, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday next, at Twelve a Clock.

tanking Mr. Bofcotoen presented to the House a Petition of hvateen, divers Merchants in Mounts-B in Cornwall, and the fjme was read; setting forth, That by an Act made 4*

4' s' of their Majesties, for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and encouraging of Privateers, it is {inter al.) enaflted, That all Proprietors of retaken Vessels, upon Pay of their Salvage, shall have their Vessel restored, without paying any Part to their Majesties: Yet the Agents for the Commissioners of Prizes do seize such Ships, and detain them after Salvage paid, and compel the Owners to clear such Vessel in the Court of Admiralty; which, with Wages demanded for Waiters by the Prize-Office Agents, and the Lots of Time, such retaken Vessels, unless they are of extraordinary Value, are not worth a Redemption: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do inspect and consider of the late Act for Encouraging of Privateers; and do also prepare, and bring in, a Bill for their better Encouragement.

And it is referred to Sir Mr. White,

Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Dyot, Sir John Knight, Mr.

Mr. Burrard, Mr. Campion, Mr. Smith, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. St. John, Mr. Clarke, Sir Cha. Mr.

Cheyney, Sir John Moreton, Mr. England, Mr. Slater,

Sir T/to. Mompeffon, Mr. Colfon, Lord Falkland, Sir H.

Goff, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Haw-try, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Bayle, Sir Hein Goodrick, Sir Fr.Guibon, Sir Blake, Mr. Mountague,

Sir Jona. Jennings, Mr Sand ford, Mr. Bathurst, Colonel Strangxvayes, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Richard Onslow,

Sir Edward Ay [cough. Colonel Granville, Mr. Parkhurst; and all the Members that serve for the Seaport Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bale likewise presented to the House a Petition of the Merchants of Exon; and the same was read; setting forth, That by the Act made 4° et 5® Gulielm. et Maria {inter al.) it enacts, That all Proprietors of retaken Vessels shall have the same again, paying the Salvage:

But the Agents of the Commissioners for Prizes seize and detain such Vessels from the Owners; whereby, and by tlieexceflive Charges in clearing the Vessels in the Admiralty (which they compel them to do), the Lois of Time, and Wages to the Waiters of the Prize-Office, the Vessels are not, except of great Value, worth Redemption: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Vox,. XL

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants in Mounts-Bay in wall is referred.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the Fees taken by the Admiralty, relating to Privateers and Salvage, be referred to the said Committee: And ' that they do report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Protestant* the Naturalizing of all such Protestants as shall take the Nat.

Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Mifcan-iage* ceeded to enquire further into the Miscarriages of the °fd>e Fleet. Fleet the last Summer.

And the House being informed, That Sir George Rook attended, according to Order;

He was called in, and asked several Questions; to which he gave Answer.

And then withdrew.

The House being informed, That the Admirals, that commanded the fleet the last Summer, attended, ac- ,

cording to Order;

Resolved, That they be called in severally.

Admiral KUligrew was called in, and asked several Questions; to which he gave Answer*

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

Sir Ralph Dclavall was called in, and asked several Questions; to which he gave Answer.

And then withdrew.

Sir CloudeslySitovell was called in, and asked several Questions; to which he gave Answer*

And then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Admirals, that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, by not gaining such Intelligence as they might have done, of the Brest Fleet, and not fending into Brest for Intelligence, before they left the Streights Squadron, are guilty of a high Breach of the Trust that was put in them, to the great Loss and Dishonour of the Nation;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te,crS forte Noe, } .

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, T die Decemb

5® Gulielini Mariae.

Prayers.

/Y RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Persons par- to repeal the Statute of 10° Edward. Ill whereby donedof the Judges are obliged to take Security from Persons par* e ony* dotted for Felony: And that Mr. Dolben and Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Mark Malbanck, in Custody of the A Member Serjeant at Arms for absenting himself from his Service discharged in this House, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. u y'

Thomas Baudcrick and Nicholas Shipley, in Custody of Privilege — the Serjeant... Arms, were, according to Order, brought 1>ersons re-to the Bar: Where they, upon their Knees, received a e Reprimand from Mr. Speaker. charged.

G Ordered,

i!

j

' i

Aulnagt

Duty.

Importing Thrown Silk.

Insolvent

Dtbtors.

Land Bank;

7® Decembris.

A. 1^9^.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bawderick and Nicholas Lee, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Key, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Price,

Shipley be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees. Sir Ro. Edon, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Poley, Mr. Fawkes; and

all the Members that serve for the Seaport Towns: And Sir John Darrell, according to Order, presented to the they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the House a Bill for taking away the Duty of Aulnage: And Speakers Chamber, the same was received.

The Bill was read the Firsttime. A Petition of the Wool-combers, and Traders in the Wool-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Woollen Manufacture, in the Counties of Suffolke, -

folk, Ejfev, Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, &c. was presented Colonel Goldwell, according to Order, presented to to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners the House a Bill for the Importation of fine Italian, employ many Thousands of Combers and Spinsters in ~ ~ And the feme was making of Worsted Yarhs, whereof Norwich Stuffs are

chiefly made; in which Trade great Abuses have happened by short reeling the Yarn: To prevent which, the Norwich Weavers, 14° Car. II-, obtained an Act for regulating the making the said Stuffs; whereby al.)

it was enacted, That a certain Number of the Master Weavers of Norwich flioald have Power to view, and search, and seize, and set a Fine upon, all defective Yarn, in Length of Reel, or Number of Threads, that should be publickly ex poled to Sale within the County of folke: That the said Weavers have made great

Havock and Spoil of the said Commodities, by rifling Waggons at their Inns, and on the Road; by plundering the Wool-combers themselves on the Road, and breaking open their Houses, and carrying away what they please;

~ ' Disorders: That

Sicilian, and Naples ;Thrown-Silk: received.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bmoyer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to explain a former Act for Relief of poor Prisoners: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time.

which has occasioned great Tumults and

A Petition of Doctor Hugh Chamberlaine, and others, was presented to the House, with Proposals annexed: And the same were read: The Petition setting forth, That the constituting by Parliament a Bank of Credit, upon Land, for raising a Stock to establish a general Fishery in this Nation, as the same was approved by a Committee of the said Abuses still continue, the Spinsters being no-ways this House in January 1691, will be more advantageous punishable for reeling their Work short: That when a to the Trade of this Nation, than the Importing of so Seizure is made, and a Fine imposed, of which the Master many Millions of Gold and Silver; and will be a great Weavers are both Judge and Jury, the same is usually Support to the Poor under their present Exigencies: That, agreed, and consumed in Treats, which ought to be to the out of the said Stock, a considerable Sum of Money may Benefit of the poor Weavers: And the feme Commodities be annually set apart, for the carrying on this present are often bought by such M after Weavers, and made into War; and that with far more Ease to the Subject than by Stuffs which fall short, proportionable to the Shortncfs of Poll, Subsidies, or Land Tax: And praying the serious such defective Yarn: And praying, That the Petitioners

Consideration of the House in the Premises.

The printed Proposel for the Fishery, formerly presented to the Members of Parliament, may be thus accommodated to the Petition.

That, in Consideration of the Freeholders bringing their Lands into this Bank, for a Fund of current Credit, to be established by Act of Parliament; It is now proposed. That, for every 1501, per Annum, secured

may be incorporated into a Trade of Wool-combing, and making of Worsted Yarn, by such Methods, and under such Regulations, as the Iloule shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do inspect the several Statutes that concern the Woollen Manufacture in Nand report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Chr.

for 150 Years, for but One hundred yearly Payments fei Colonel Mr. Smith, Mr. Poley, Sir IVm.

of loo/, per Annum, free from all manner of Taxes LMr. Fuller, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Holt,

and Deductions whatsoever, every such Freeholder shall Sir Sir Fr. Sir Jon. Jennings,

receive 4,000l. in the said current Credit; and shall Sir Edward Mr. Air. Brawnier#, Mr.

have 2,000l. more put into the said Fishery-Stock for Foley junior, Sir Sir Sir John

r? __________ r^ a 1 ^1 1 r A vr, rn,~

his proper Benefit: And there may be further 2,000l. reserved, at the Parliament's Disposal, towards the carrying on this present War.

That the Rent for the 100 Years must only be paid in the said current Credit; and is not to commence till the first 4,000l. is paid to the Freeholders, who is never to quit the Possession of his said Estate, unless the yearly Rent happens to be in Arrear; and then only till it is

Moreton, Mr. Haxctry, Sir 1Vm. Honyuvod, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Bockland; and all that lerve for the Counties of Norfolke and Su folke: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And arc impowered to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do prefmne Members not

paid; so that, after a Hundred yearly Payments, as to plead at the Bar of the House of Lords, without Leave to plead at

abovesaid, the Estate will be for ever discharged from this Incumbrance.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition, and Proposals, be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Mot'eton, Sir -

vers, Mr. Neale, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. , Mr. Gold-

first obtained from this House; and to be moved lor tween the Hours of Eleven and One a Clock.

be-

Lords without Leave.

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to the East Indies, being of very great Importance to this Kingdom, is, in a manner, wholly loft, and fallen into the Hands of

New East India Company.

Well, Mr. Hutchinfan, Mr. Slater, Mr. Bojcazcen, Mr. our Neighbours; to the great Damage and Decay of the Travers, Sir Cha. Porter, Mr. Colt, Sir Richard Onslow, Trade and Navigation of this Nation, the Diminution of

Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Hungerfat'd, Mr. Cook, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Carter, Sir John Austyn, Sir Edzcard Abney, Mr. Butler, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Clarke, Sir John Darrell, Mr. Davenant, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Mr.

How, Mr. Waller, Mr Gwyn, Sir Sir John Knight, Sir IVm. Honywood, Mr. Mr. Hed-

ger, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Colonel ‘9

their Majesties Customs, and the Impoverishment of the Subjects of this Realm: And praying the House to take into Consideration the Erecting of a new East-Lidia Company, for the recovering and securing That Trade to this Kingdom j and making it more national and diffulive; in such manner as to the House shall feeni most meet.

Refolded,

W.tfM. 7 0 Decembris* 2 3

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House their new Charter.

EiidflwVe- ^r- Harley, from the Commissioners for taking the fa Corny' publick Accounts, acquainted the House with the Matter mJ,mert of of the Examination of Mr. before them:

a town ton- being presented in Writing, was read at the Clerk s

22} Table; and is as followeth j

I Wednesd December 6°, 1693. i Mr. Francis Rainsford, Receiver of the Rights and Perquisites of the Admiralty, attended, by Order from the Commissioners: And, being examined upon Oath, as to his Accounts in general, he did acknowlege, That the Account did not contain all the Money he had received,

1 or paid, within the time of the said Account; but said it should be rectified in his next Account.

Being examined, Whether the Balance mentioned in his; Account was then in his Hand, or what thereof he had , paid, either before or fiftce, to any Member of either House of Parliament; he answered upon Oath as fol- low eth; -

I That, about the 18th of March, the Lord Viscount Falkland sent for him, and desired to know, how much Money he could advance, as Receiver of the Rights of j the Admiralty j and that it would be for his Majesty's Service to pay as much as he could t He then said, he would pay 4,000l.

The 2-2d of the said March he received from the Lord I Falkland a Letter; a Copy of which follows.

Mr. j Rainsford,

March 2 2d, 1692-3. lam directed by the King to receive of you the Sum I of 4,0001, for his Majesty s immediate Service; for which I have his Orders, in Writing, to deliver to you, upon the Receipt of the Bills; which I desire you w ould ' get for me against Tomorrow Morning Eight a Clock,

1 or sooner, if you can; for I am to deliver those to him in the Morning: Pray let them be in Eight Notes, on Sir Francis Child and Mr. Fawles; Two, for 1,000l. apiece, payable to Randolph Keynthe others, Two of 500 /. cacti, and Four of 2.50/. each, payable to Mr. John; Thomas, Mr. Joseph Williams, and Mr. Jacob Thompson, j Two to each, or Bearer: Pray take no manner of Notice 1 of this to any one; and endeavour to do it by the Time;

! for I shall flay within to expect you. I am

f Your

I Falkland.

: Mr. Rainsford, upon his Oath, said, lie believed this

' was a true Copy; and that he had the Original in his j Custody till Monday last; when, being sent for by the Lord Falkland, about Five or Six a Clock in the Evening, he shewed the Original to my Lord Falkland; and his Lordship kept it.

Inpurfuance of the said Letter of the 2 2d of I Mr. Rainsford attended his Lordship the next Morning, being the 23d of March; and then acquainted him, That he could not bring his Lordship Notes that Day for the I whole 4,000l.: Whereupon his Lordship ordered him to ! bring Notes for 2,000 /.; and to bring the other within Fourteen Days.

Afterwards, the same Day, Mr. Rainsford brought Six Notes from Mr. Fmcles; Two of 500l. each, and Four for 2501, each, payable to Mr. John Thomas, Mr. Joseph William, Mr. Jacob Thompson, and, as he thinks, Mr.

| Randolph Kein, or Bearer: Which Sums were payable to one, or the other of them, he cannot tell; nor had he Directions to which of the Names to apply 500l. or 250/.

That, upon the Delivery of the said Six Notes, the Lord 'Falkland delivered to him the following Order,

signod by his Majesty; and a Certificate of his Majesty s Signing: Copies whereof ensue.

Copy of the Order.

OUR Will and Pleasure is, Tliatyou do forthw ith pay to the Lord Falkland the Sum of 4;oqo/. out of the Monies in your Hand, arising out of the Perquisites of the Lord High-Admiral of England, taking his Receipt for the fame. Given under our Hand this pFelent 22il Day of March, 1692-3.

William Rex.

To Francis Rainsford Esquire,

Commissioner lor managing and eollefiting the Perquisites of the Lord High-Admiral of Englan d.

Copy of the Certificate.

I have directed Air. Rainsford to pay 4,000l. out of the Monies in his Hands, arising out of the Perquisites of the Lord High-Adiniral of for my imme-

diate Service; which I will take care shall be made g' od to him again, or allowed to him upon his Account.

William Rex.

Dated the 2 2d oi March,

1692-3.

- j:

Mr. Rainsford, being asked, of whose Hand-writing the Papers were ? said, He believed them to be tlje Lord Falkland's.

And it being observed to him, That the Sums contained in each Note were written with different Ink, and so crouded, that the Notes seemed to be at first drawn with Blanks for the Sums; Mr. Rainsford said, He believed the Reason thereof was because his Lordship could not tell what Money be could advance, until he had informed him j which, as- is laid before, he bad done the 18th March.

He further faith, That the Lord Falkland, upon the receiving the said Six Notes, gave him a Receipt for 2,0001.

— That, after the Fourteen Days allowed him for paying the other. 2,oooo/. were expired, the Lord sent a Servant to the said Mr. Rainsford:' Thereupon he attended his Lordship about the lotli of April; and then brought him a Note upon Mr. for 1,000l. payable

to Randolph Kein, as he supposes, or Bearer; and, about the 20th of April, brought such another Note from Mr. Fcraies, payable, as he thinks, to the said Randolph Kein, or Bearer: Upon which his Lordship took up his fir(t Acquittance for 2,000l. of the 23d of March, and gave the following Receipt:

Received the 28th Day of March 1693, by Order of his Majesty, of Mr. Francis Rainsford, the Sum of 4,000l. for Monies due to their Majesties, as mentioned in the Order, dated the 2 2d preleat. I say received, by his Majesty's Order, 4,000l.

Falkland.

Upon Examination of Mr. Tho. JVootton, It appears, That the Six Notes given as above, the 23d March, unto Mr. Joseph Williams, John Thomas, and Jacob making in all 2,0001, were ail paid on the 29th or the said March; and all to one Pei Ion: But Mr. H'wtlon faith, it doth not appear to whom, by Mr.

Books.

Thursday, Dec. 7th, 1693. The Lord Viscount Falkland came this Morning to the Commissioners of Accounts, on their Letter; and, upon his Oath", did acknowlege, That, the 23d March 1692-3,'he did receive from Mr. Notes upon

Mr. Fawles, for 2,000l.; but could not charge his Memory with the Names of the Persons to whom those Notes were payable.

Vol. XI.

And

A Member reprimanded.

Ways and Means*

t

Committees.

Dnchv of Cornwall Leasing,

7° — 8° Decenibris. 1693.

And his Lordship faith, The same Day he did, by the King's Order, deliver those Notes to one, who is no Member of either House of Parliament; and hath a Receipt for the fame.

And his Lordship further owns the Receipt of the other 2,000l. some time in April; which, he faith, is still in his Hands: And that he had attended his Majesty since his Return; who told him. He had Directions for him therein.

And then the Lord Falkland was heard touching the said Matter.

And then withdrew.

And he was, by Order of the House, called in, and heard again.

And then withdrew.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

And the Question being put, That the Lord Falkland, for withdrawing a Letter, writ by his Lordship to Mr. Rainsford, who was to be examined by the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts, be committed to the Tower of London;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for teYeas^r] >37-

Tellers for the Noes,^' }1»

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Lord Falkland be called in, and reprimanded in his Place.

And he was called in, and reprimanded accordingly by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Decembris;

5* Gulielmi <§ Mariae.

that serve for Deoott and Cornwall: And they are to meet at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Fees for making the said Leal'es, Grants, and Copies.

A Petition of Edxcard Smith, in Custody of the Ser- Privilege — jeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Pri- Act^(s""li)r vilege committed against Sir Thomas Miller, a Member ois'charae^ of this House, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the Matter of the Complaint of Sir Thomas Miller, a Member of this House, on Saturday last, of a Breach of Privilege, in serving him with a Subpoena, and Order thereunto annexed, out of the Court of Exchequer, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Edward Smith, now' in Custody of the Serjeant at Aims attending this House, do attend the said Committee.

A Bill for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Importing Naples Thrown-Silk, was read the Second time. Thrown &ili.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

And a Motion- being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

It passed in the Negative.

And the Bill was committed to Mr'. Borwyer, Sir IVm.

Honywood, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Colonel Gran-

ville, Sir Matth. Andrewes, Mr. B Colonel Austin, Mr. England, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Colt, Mr.

Gilbert, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Boyle, Colonel Lee, Mr. Hawtry,

Mr. Dyot, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Br, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Beare, Mr. Wheate, Mr. Lbyd, Mr. Brockman, Sir Richard Omlcrw, Mr. Dcrwdfwell, Mr. Christy, Sir William Cooper, Colonel Titus, Mr. How, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Guise, Mr. FrMr. Slater, Mr.

Nicholas, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Hutchbfoft,

Mr. Papillion, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Colfon, Mr. Sanjord: And they are

to meet, on Monday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Vincent have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable their Majesties to make Grants Leases, and Copies, of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall, dr annexed to the lame; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Goldwell, Sir Jof Tredenham, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Travers, Mr. Buller, Mr. Lutterell, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Christy, Mr. Henly, Sir John Key, Mr. Pigot, Mr. England, Mr. Biddulph, Sir John Moreton, Sir Tho. Sam-well, Major Vincent, Mr. Waller, Sir Fr. Guibon, Sir John Dorrell, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Burdet, Mr.

Sir Wm. Honywood, Sir Fr. Drake; and all the Members

Mr. Secretary Trenchard acquainted the House, That Treaties of his Majesty, in purl'uance of their Address, had been Alliance*, pleased to command him to lay before this House the Offensive Treaties and Alliances his Majesty is now under with the Confederates, and an Account of the Proj>ortion of Forces of the several Confederates, for the carrying on this War the next Year: And that, as to the Treaties, they w ere the same which were formerly before the House, except one new Treaty with the Elector of Hanover; the Original whereof, together with the Translation, as also the Account of the Proportion of Forces, he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read: And,

The Proportion of Forces is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Proportion of Forces of the several Confederates, for carrying on this War the next Year.

December, 1693.

States General, - - _ -

Spanish Troops in the Law-Countries, including 1,500 Bavarian Cuiralfiers, Spanish, in Spain, ——

Emperor, in Germany, - -

Elector of Brandenburg, besides those in Hungary, - -

Elector Palatine, ....

Elector of Treves,- - -

Elector of Cologne, ' '

Elector of Mentz, - -

Elector of Saxony, -

Elector of Bavaria,

Forces now 011 Foot. Raising. Total.

92,540 15,000 107,540

- 7,000 - 7,000

- - 18,000 - 18,000

- - 6*000 - 6,000

m - 30,000 3,000 33,000

- m 6,000 - 6,000

- - 1,500 - 1,500

- - 2,000 - 2,000

m 2,000 2,000

13,000 2,000 14,000

m 1 8,000 8,000 Houfo

5 W. # M.

8° — 90 Decembris.

25

House of Luncnbourg, besides those in Hungary -

iof Gentians Spanish of his own

Circles of Suabia and Franconia

Landgrave of Hcjje Caff el -

Bishop of Liege ——

Bishops of Munster and Paterborn their Quota

NlXW lo >j . laocr^ »f I jiuUitllt*

It luOV.

Forces now on Foot. Raising. Total.

- - - - 23,000 - 23,000

— - - 15,000 4,000 7

— — - - - . 12,000 -} 45,000

— — - - - 14,000 - -J

— - - - - 24,000 4,000 28,000

- - " - 6,000 2,000 8,000

6,000 - 6,000

- - - 2,000 2,000

Total - - - 287,040 30,000 317,040

Sjpplf. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider of the Supply to be granted to their Majdtics, for the Maintenance of the Land-Forces for the Year 1694.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Lift of the Land-Forces, and of the said Treaty with the Elector of Hanover, and the Account of the Proportion of Forces, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts do, Tomorrow Morning, lay before this llouie an Account of all the Pensions, Salaries, and Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members of Parliament, out of the Revenue, or otherwise.

fays and The House, according to the Order of the Day, lluos nefolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties for the Maintenance of the Fleet; and of Ways and Means for raising the Money deficient upon the Million- Bill, and Bill for Review of the Quarterly Poll.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleion took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Rcjoived, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet.

rommiitres. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 9° die Decembris;

50 Guliehni et Marias.

Prayers.

Hr, pai- A T IE Dolben, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to repeal the Statute of the 10th Eduard the 11 Id; whereby the Judges are obliged to take Security from Persons pardoned for FelonyAnd the same was received, and read the First time.

Rcjoived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Frwnt A MefTage from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Justice jM and Mr> justice Roheby:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Vox.. XI.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Importing chants of England, trading into the Levant Seas, was pre- Thrown-Silk. lented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon a Petition of the Weavers of London, and Canterbury, a Bill is now depending in this House, for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown-Silk, which hath been read a Second time: That, as the Petitioners conceive, as the said Bill now stands, all Sorts of Thrown-Siiks may be imported; to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all Persons trading in Raw-Silks; and especially to the utter Ruin of the Silk-Throwers, on whom a numerous Sort of poor People do entirely depend for their Subsistence: And praying to be heard, in order to propose a Means to prevent the Importation of thoie Silks, which are not desired by the Weavers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Importation of line Sicilian, Italian, and Aap/es Thrown-Silk is committed.

A Petition of the Company of Silk-Throwers, London, Ditto, was presented to the IIoulc, and read; setting forth, That, since the making of the Act 2d of their Majesties, for discouraging the Importation of Thrown-Silk, the Petitioners, untii the late Disappointment of the Turkey Fleet, met with very great Encouragement in their Trade; whereby many Thousands of poor People, generally the Wives, Widows, and Children of Seamen, were maintained: That there being a Bill now depending in the House, for the Importation of Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Throw n-Silk, during the present War with France, contrary to the true Intent of the said Act, the said Bill, in case it should pass, as now penned, would utterly ruin the Petitioners said Trade: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Importation of fine Sicilian, Italian} and Naples Thrown-Silk, is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Merchanu-enable divers Merchants-Inluars, that have sustained great Insurers Lottes by the present War with France, the better to satisfy their several Creditors.

Creditors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Execution of the better Execution of Juiiice within the Principality ^',lt'ce m and Dominion of Wales: And that Mr. Price do prepare, a ts' and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made, and -the Question being put, Dove-house*. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for restraining the Building, and Number, of Dove-houses and Dove-cotes;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee of Supply, the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Elect, and for raising the Money deficient upon the Million- Bill, and Bill for Review of the Quarterly Poll, the Resolutions of the said Committee: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

- R . Resolved,

9° Decembri. 1693.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred Eighteen thousand Five hundred and Six Pounds, Five Shillings, and Ten-pence, be raised, for fop plying the Deficiency of the Money granted by an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Aie, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to fuel) Persons as thall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred Thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, by enlarging the Time for Persons to pay in the fame.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the railing of Money for the Maintenance the Fleet, any Persons be at Liberty to add a Second Life to the Life that is, or shall he, nominated upon the Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France; upon paying the Sum of Eive-and-thirty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds paid in, or to be paid in, upon the said Act; and for adding a Third Life, the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every the said One hundred Pounds, and lb for any greater Proportion.

The First of the said Refutations being read a Second time;

Resolved, That die House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of One hundred Eighteen thousand Five hundred and Six Pounds, Five Shillings, and Ten-pence, be raised, for supplying the Deficiency of the Money granted by an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to iueh Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France; by enlarging the Time for Persons to pay in the lame.

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Matter of the said Resolution be re-committed to the further Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet.

Mr. Foley, from the Commissioners for taking the Receipts, &<. publick Accounts, presented to the House an Account of °* Revenue, all Receipts, Issues, and Payments of the publick Revenue, from Michaelmas 1692, to Michaelmas 1693.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon tile Table. \

Mr. Harley, from the Commissioners for taking the Secret Ser-publick Accounts, presented to the House a Return from the said Commissioners, in Obedience to an Order of this House, of the 18th Day of November lait, requiring an Account of Monies issued and paid for secret Service, and to Members of Parliament:

And the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Obedience to an Order of the Honourable House j of Commons, dated the 1 8th November 1693, requiring an Account of Monies issued and paid for secret Service, and to Members of Parliament,

The Commissioners for stating the publick Accounts do humbly certify. That they have, in every Year's general Account, delivered to this House the Sum issued lor secret Service from the Exchequer, or elsewhere; and that they did return formerly an Account of-Monies paid to Members of Parliament by William Esquire, deceased, as far as your Commissioners could have it discovered to them: They also desire Leave to put this i Joule in mind, That they did, in their preceding Accounts, represent the great Endeavours they had used to obtain a full Account of those other Payments made by him to Members of Parliament; and did return, in Writing, the final Answer, which Mr. Robert Squibb (who hath Mr. Jephfons Accounts) was ordered, as he laid, to deliver to your Commissioners.

Upon the Examination they have made of Persons to whom Money hath been issued for his Majesty's l'rivy-Purie, or for secret Service, the Commissioners find divers Sums of Money paid to Members of this House, in Repayment of Principal and Interest-money, and Freight of Transport-Ships, and also to return to Envoys abroad, or to Members deceased: Which, if the House command, shall be delivered to them in particular.

The other Payments, since this Government, as far as your Commissioners have hitherto discovered, are as followeth; viz.

To Sir Charles Porter, for his Equipage into Ireland

Sir John Trevor, for Equipage and Allowance as Speaker -Sir Scroop Hoxc, of his Alajdty's free Gift, out of Arrears of Hearth-Money Sir Henry Fane, as of their Majesty's free Girt; laid to be in Recompence of > his being removed from being a Commissioner of the Excise - - y

To him more, on the same Account ——

To Thomas Frankland Esquire, on the same Account ——

To Sir Robert Howard, by verbal Direction of the King to the Earl of Ranelagh, per Ann. To Baptist May Esquire, express'ed to be for buying Hay for Deer in the Great- 7 Park at Windsor, for the Year ended the 29 1691 - - - - j

More on the same Account, for half a Year ended Lady-Day 1692 -More on the same Account, for Hay for the Year ending at Michaelmas -

1693, as hath been anciently paid - )

More to him, by John Williams, as of his Majesty's Gift, and Royal Bounty -More to him, by Rnhard Emmat, free Gift ——

More to him, by the fame, free Gift, and Royal Bounty -

More to him, by John Williams, to defray the Taxes by him paid to their 7 Majesties, for the Great- Park at Windsor - - - - i

More, being said to be paid for a Land Tax charged on the said Park More to him, by Richard Emmat ——

400 — boo —

75°

750

500

250

250

250

=i

195

67

500

M

3i

6

To 77 tom. Papillion Esquire, as of his Majesty's free Gift, a.nd Royal Bounty;

and said to be for a Recompence to him for quitting the Course of Trade he was in, to execute the Office of one of the VictuaUers of the Navy, over and above his Salary of 400l. per Ann. at the Rate of boo/, per Ann.

To him, more on the same Account ——

To Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Part of his Fine remaining in the Exchequer, the 5th of Nov. 1688

£ s.

1.000 -

2,405 ——

2.000 -

1.000 -

800 ——

1,500 ——

3,512 18 of

W.tfM.

p° — 110 Decembris.

To Colonel Cka. Godfrey, by Philip Savage, in Part of Arrear of a Rent-charge \ of 1,000 /. per Ann. issuing out of the Manor of New-Castle, in; I

granted the 4th of January 1668, by James late Duke of York to Arabella \ Churchill, now Wife of the said Colonel, for her Life, in Consideration of j 2,oooo/. paid to the said late Duke by Sir nston Churchill - - - J

To him more, by Tho. IlarriJon, in further Part of the said Rent-charge More, in Part of Arrears of the same ——

More, in further Part of the same ——

More to him, for one Year ending at Christmas 1691, on his Pension of?

8001, per Ann. - - }

To him more, as of his Majesty's Grace and Bounty -

£. s. d.

250 ——

250 ——

500 ——

500 — — -

800 ——

27

£ #. d.

- 400 ——

To Bernard Graircill Esquire, in Repayment of what was stopt from him for Exchequer-Fees,?

in receiving his own Rent of Mote-Park, let at 3001, per Ann. to the Crown -j

To Sir Joseph Heme, in Consideration of Service done to his Majesty in and is due at?

Christmas 1692 - -- - -J

To Sir John Guise, as of his Majesty's Bounty, and as in Part of 7,000l. he is to receive by? Wood-lales out of the Forest of Deane ——

To Mr. Richard Harris, as of their Majesties free Gift, for the Use of S/uidrach Vincent Esquire,? out of Post-Groats -

2,700 — — 80 ——

200 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — —

A Person to Ordered, That Mr. Robert Squibb do attend this House ituui upon Monday Morning next.

SjpjI,. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Land-Forces, was read. And The Question being put, That Mr. Speaker leave the Chair;

It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Land-Forces.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunee, 11* Decembris.

50 Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

Fra*work* A PETITION of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assist-Kctteis. j\ antS) and Society of the Art or Mystery of Framework-Knitters, in the Cities of London and and Kingdom of England, and Dominion of H ales, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been a Corporation ever since 1603, since which Time their said Art of Frame-work-Knitting hath been much improved; and, by the Exportation of the Work, their Majesties Customs, and Trade, much increufed; but the said Invention being now more publick, many Strangers have attempted to use the said Art beyond Sea; and, for that Purpose, buy here the said Frames, and transport them, though restrained by federal Proclamations: That several Members of the said Corporation have lately gotten into a Way of making flight Work, on purpose to under-fell the rest of the Company, contrary to the By-Laws of the said Company; whereby the said Trade is fallen under great Discredit: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to prevent and regulate the said Abuses.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Mr.

Waller, Mr. Hedger, Mr. HMr. Bockenham, Sir John Key, Mr. Onslow, Sir / Young, Mr.

Jiadtij, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Chetwyiul, Sir John Domlt, Mr. England, Sir Drake, Mr. Sir

Hen. John fan, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Fuller, Mr. 6 Hr. Slater, Mr. Smith, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Boyle, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Perry, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr.

Taylor, Mr. Thornehaugh, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Vox,. XI.

How: And they are to meet on next, at Four

a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, for the making out a new Writ, for electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntington, in the room of the Honourable Robert Mountague Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for the making out a new Writ, for electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge, in the room of Sir Barnet Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir JVtlfredLawfon, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Serjeant Wogan presented to the House, accord-' ing to Order, a Bill for the better Recovery of Bankrupts Estates, and for the more equal Distribution thereof: Anri the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a blalphe-mous printed Pamphlet, intituled, " A Dialogue, by way " of Question and Answer, concerning the Deity; and a " brief, but clear, Confutation of the Doctrine of the " Trinitythat hath been dispersed, and lent inclosed under Covers, directed to several Members of this House;

One of which was produced, and delivered in at the Table;

The Titles whereof were read;

Resolved, That the said blasphemous printed Pamphlet be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, upon Wednesday Morning next, in the Palace-Yard, Westminster: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do fee the same performed.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Author, Printer, and Publisher, of the said blasphemous printed Pamphlet; and to make their Report thereof to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Sir Jof.

Tredenham, Sir Edward Hai'le Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Sir Scroop

How, Mr. IValler, Mr. Hungerjord, Mr. Foley, Sir Jem. E/zees, Lord Digby, Sir Ra. Carr, Mr. Christy, Sic William Cook, Mr. Berwyer, Mr. England, Lord Elan, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Smith, Mr. Fenwick, Sir John Knight, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Luiterell, Colonel Perry: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are to have Power to fend for Persons, and Papers.

A Message

Huntington

Writ.

Cambridg*

Writ.

A Member

discharged

fromCultody.

Bankrupts

Estates.

Privilege —

blasphemous

Publications.

1

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and

Mr. Holford.*

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Eric for ^ie repealing such Parts of several former Acts as ' prevent or prohibit the Importation of Foreign Brandy,

Aqua-Vita, and other Spirits, and Bacon, except from France, without any Amendments.

Mr. Jeph- / The House being informed, That Mr. Robert Squibb ton's Ac- / attended, according to Order;

counts. / He was called in; and asked several Questions relating / to Mr. Jephfon's Accounts in his Hands.

/ Whereupon he declared, That he would make up the / said Accounts, upon Oath, and attend the Commissioners 1 for taking the public Accounts therewith, together with \ an Account, upon Oath, of what Monies had been paid \ to Members of Parliament.

\ And then withdrew.

Frequent An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parliaments. for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

Ways and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Means. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered of the Matter of the Resolution which was re-committed to their further Consideration; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House would pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That the Committee had direfcted him to move the House, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

forfeited, and Trials thereupon had in the Exchequer; vet, by the faint Prosecution, or Connivance, of their Majesties Officers, the said Vessels were discharged, although the Petitioners have by Experience found, that the said Clay will do all the Offices of Fullers Earth:

And praying that effectual Means may be taken for preventing the Exportation of Fullers Earth, and other Earth which does the same Offices.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing the 32d Article in the Statute of 50 Eliz. relating to the Weavers of Cloth, is committed.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of London and Midi do. Sheriffs of on Wednesday Morning next, in the Palace-Yard, West- London to

minster, affilt the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, who is then, by Order of this House, to fee a blaiphemous printed Pamphlet, intituled, " A Dialogue, by way " of Question and Anl'wer, concerning the Deity; and " a brief, but clear, Confutation of the Doctrine of the " Trinitythere burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman.

A Petition of Sir Richard Fisher and many others, Iflingto* Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the lloads-County of Middlefe.v, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Common Highways within the said Parish are become very ruinous, by the great Drifts of Cattle, and heavy Carriages, and Pack-Horses, that continually pass through the said Parish; w hereby the Parish has been put to great Charges in repairing the fame, which they have done more than the Law requires; and yet excessive Fines have been laid upon them, though they have done what they can; and the able Inhabitants leave the said Parish, so that the Poor are the less able to be maintained; and the said Highways will become unpayable, unless l'ome speedy Relief be given: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Repair of the Highways within the said Parish.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Cha. Mr.

M r. Naze try, Mr. Hunger ford, Colonel Perry, Mr. Stokes,

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John

Mr. Piggot, Mr. BeTty, Mr. Freeman, Sir

Mr. Femcick, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Christy, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Brownlow, Mr. Lutterell. Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Sir John Darrell, Mr.

Sir Wm.Pritchard, Mr. Pari, hurst, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. England, Mr. Btofcild, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Slater, Sir Fra. Guibon:And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Martis, 12° die Decembiis;

5° Gulielmi et Alarke.

Prayers.

5th Eliz. re- A PETITION of the Clothiers, Fullers, and Cloth-Cloth18 T\- workers, in the County of Surrey, on behalf of them-

Weavers. selves, and others concerned in the Woollen A'lanufac-ture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very fenlible of the Decay of Trade in the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; which is occasioned by the evil Practices of our own Countrymen, who, for a private Interest, furnish Foreigners w'ith our native Alaterials, without which they could not make the said Manufactures, and to prevent which very good Laws are already provided: Yet, by the Negligence of those Persons, employed in that Affair, several Thousand Tons of good Fullers Earth,

entered at the Custom-house as Potters Clay, had, within these Three Years, been exported into and

though lately l'ome Vessels laden therewith were seized as 16

Mr. Palmes, according to Order, presented to the Prot eft ants House a Bill for the Naturalizing of all such Protestants Nat. as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Tcft against Popery: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and of the Clothiers, and Woollen Ma-Dealers in Cloth, Serges, and Stockings, in the West of nutucture. England, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did receive great Benefit by an Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Woollen, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; whereby a free Trade, in the Woollen Manufacture, was granted for Three Years; by reason w hereof the Price of Wool was considerably advanced; and, notwithstanding the present War, there was, in those Years, far greater quantities of the Woollen Manufactures exported, than when the said Trade was limited: That the said Trade is very much decrcafed since the Expiration of the said

Act;

Lw< of Abltoce,

j W. M. 12° — 130 Decentbris.

Act; and, consequently, their Majesties Custom much lefiined: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Continuance of the said Act.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

CSir Edward Iluffey, "*Mr. Clarke: } 89*

fMr. Got dwell, '^Mr. Blofeild: ]S8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Seymour do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Brockman have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Backwellhave Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Resolved, That the House do now, according to the Supply. Order of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of die Land-Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of die Land-Forces.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Wan Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the uiiJleam. Ray, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to wlioui it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising die Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of die 1* ieet, the Resolution of the said Committee of Yesterday: The which

J

he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintainance of the l icet, any Persons le at Liberty to add a Second Lite to the Lite that is, or shall be, nominated upon die Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excite upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Kccompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France; upon paying the Sum of Five-and-tliii ty Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds paid in, or to be paid in, upon the said Act; and, for adding a Third Life, the Sum of Fiftee n Pounds, for every the said One hundred Pounds; and so for any greater Proportion.

The laid Rctblution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, any Persons be at Liberty to add a Second Life to the Lite that is, or shall be, nominated upon the Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excite upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Hecompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France;upon paying the Sum of Five-and-thirty Pounds, for every One hundred Pounds paid in, or to he paid in, upon the said Act; and for adding a T hird Life, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, for every the said One hundred Pounds; and so for any greater Proportion.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Kelblution, and upon the Resolution oiSaturday latt, That the Sum of One hundred Eighteen thousand Five hundred and Six Pounds, Five Shillings, and Ten-pence, be raised, lor supplying the Deficiency of the Money granted by an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the Act mentioned, to such l3ersons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards the carrying on the War against France; by enlarging the Time for F:ersons to pay in the tame., Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Vol. XL

Mercurii, 13' die Decembris;

5° Gulielmi et Marite.

F it a v e r s.

A PETITION of Susan Chaplin, Widow, on behalf Chaplin'* of herfolf, and Dorothy her Daughter, was presented £tuue< to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the Marriage of the Petitioner with IVm. Chaplin, he, in Consideration of a considerable Fortune with her, settled on the Petitioner Part of his Estate, in the Isle of Ely and Cambridgeshire, as a Jointure, the Remainder on thfe

Petitioner's Daughter: But the said William hud, before the said Settlement, mortgaged all his Estate for great Sums of Money; and his Creditors have entered On the Premises; and there is now depending, in the Chancery, a Suit, brought by Edw. Pickering Esquire, who is a Mortgagee, to foreclose the Equity of Redemption of the Petitioners; and that, unless the Lands so settled, as aforesaid, be sold at the best Value, and the Debts diilharged, the whole Estate will be swallowed up by the Creditors, and no Provision made for the Petitioners: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Sale of their Estate, for lJay-ment of Debts.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Ffetition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Jof Tredenham, Mr. Slater,

Sir Chr. Greenfeild, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Key, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Cha.

Raleigh, Mr. Christy, Sir John Far fMr Preston, Sir

John Knight, Mr. Vincent, Mr ,t fullerMr Mr.

Dryden, Mr. Newport, Mr. Carter, Mr. Mr.

Hedger, Mr. Done, Mr. Feme id.; Mr. Mr. Forfeits, Mr. IIaxe try ;and all the Members that serve for the County of Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of Fees in Law the T ables of Fees of the Auditor of North-Wales and Courts. South Wales (which have been brought into this House) be referred to the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Tables of the Fees of the several Courts in Westminster Hall, Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, and Clerk of the Assize of the Home-Circuit, are referred.

Ordered, That the Prothonotaries of North and South Wales do forthwith present to this House a Table of their respective Fees.

Air. Sand ford, according to Order, presented to the Axe Bridge. House a Bill for making a Bridge over the River Axe, in the County of Somerset:And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

X Air.

Hackney

Coaches.

Merchants

Infurem

Creditors.

Wigan Writ.

Westminster, ice. Paving.

Leave of

Ableuce.

Justices of Peace in Wales.

Free Proceedings in Parliament.

Malden

Flection.

London Orphans Fund.

30 13 — 14°

Mr. Brewer presented to the House a Bill for regulating the Number of Hackney Coaches in the Cities of London. and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and

Weekly Bills of Mortality: And the same was received, and read.

But there being an Appropriation of the Money, arising by the Bill, for which there was no Order;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill.

And it was withdrawn accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in another Bill, with Blanks: And that Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Waller, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable divers Merchants Insurers, that have sustained many Lofi'es by the present War with France, the better to satisfy their several Creditors: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of IVigan in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Sir Richard Standish Baronet, deceased.

Sir Christopher Gretnfeild presented to the House a

Bill for the better Paving and Cleansing of the Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, in the Suburbs of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, except the City of London: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill, for repealing a Clause in the Statute made in the 34 and 3.5 Years of King Henry the Eighth, by which the Justices of Peace in Wales are limited, to Eight in each County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title, be, An Act to repeal a Clause made in the 34th and 3.5th Years of King Henry the Eighth, by which the Justices of Peace in Wales are limited to Eight in each Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd do carry the Bill to tl*e Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd do carry the said Message.

A Petition of Richard Hilt chin fun Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 1 ith Day of Novemberlaft, the High-Sheriff of Pre-

cept was delivered to the Bailiffs of the Corporation of Malden, for electing a Member of Parliament to lerve in the room of Sir Tho. Darcy, deceased: That the Bailiffs, in favour of Sir Eliah the Petitioner's Competitor, delayed the Election till the 7th Inltant, making several Persons free, not only since the Death of Sir Tho. Darcy, but since Receipt of the said Precept, on purpose that Sir Eliah might carry the Election; who was unduly returned, in Prejudice to the Petitioner's Right: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do report the Matter thereof, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Goodu and Henry and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners Guardians put their Money into the Chamber of the City of London, as thinking it the fccurcft Place; and were not answerable for the fame, if the Fund failed: That the City-Orplmns might have kept their Money out, if their Guardians or Trustees would have given Security again!! Embezzlement: That LI

Decembris. A. 1693.

the House having considered the Condition of the oppressed Orphans, and also thought fit the last Session to include the Petitioners, they pray to be equally relieved with the City-Orphans.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council of the City of London, relating to the Orphans, is referred.

A Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Tryals for Treason, and Milpiifion of Treason, was read the Second Treason. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Frequent for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments, was Parliaments, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Cud Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committed

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 14* die Decembris; 5* Gulielmi el Mariae.

Pray ers.

A BILL to repeal the Statute of io* Edward III. Security

whereby the Judges are obliged to take Security from Persons from Persons pardoned for Felony, *was read the Second for

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dolben, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Smith, Mr. Price, Mr. Clark,

Mr. Lang ton, Major Vincent, Sir John Key, Mr. Bozeyer,

Sir Eduard Hu fey, Mr. Christy, Mr. Sir John

Dorrell, Mr. Cook, Mr. HutchinfoMr. Mr.

Mr. Speke, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Balch, Mr. Waller, Mr. White, Mr. Lutten'll, Mr. Gee, Colonel Titus, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Colonel Perry, Mr. England: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Naturalization of all Protestants such Protestants as thall take the Oaths to their Majesties, Nat. and the Test against Popery, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

Resolved,

5 W. M.

14* — X 5* Fkcemlris.

3i

St* East.

lrd;a Com-W

House will, upon Wednesday absenting hiqiself from his Service in Parliament, bp difr Clock, resolve itself into a charged out of Cystody, paying hfe Fees.

Resolved, That this Morning next, at Ten a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade, and for erecting of a new East India Company.

A Bill for making a Bridge oyer the Rjypr Axe, in tite Axe Bridge. County of Smvfet, was read, the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sand ford,

Wertbmts-

Ickreri

Creditors-

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before Mr. Hedger, Mr- Colonel Deane,. ]\fr,

this House their old Charter. Mr. Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Knight, Mr. Price,

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Hi, Hart, Mr- Goldiccd, Sir A Bill to enable divers Merchants-Insurers, that have Robert Mr. Etterich, Mr. Ckrf ie, Mr. Lutterell, sustained many Losses by the present War with France, Mr. Raxvyec, Mr. Colt, Sir Edward Chijtkton, Mr. the better to satisfy their several Creditors, was read the ley, Mr. Waller;and all the Members that, serve so^ the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

insolvent

Debiyri.

A Bill for explaining a former Act for Relief of poor JWoners, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tq Mr- Bmyer, Mr. Rockeuham, Mr. Waller, Mr. Colfon, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Cook, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Foley, Mr. Thomhaugh, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Freeman, Mr. BiF dulph, Sir Fr. Molymux, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Pollen, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr, Biofrild, Colonel Mr. Chadwick,

Counties of SornerJet, Devon, Cornwall, Dor let, and Jfills: And they are to meet on Tucfnext, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Bailiff* and Bm'geflpg of the Con- ciithero* poration of in the County of Lancaster, was Election.

presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That on the 24th Nov. the High-Sheriff of came

to Clitheroe, and lent for the Petitioner John the

In-Bailift', and told him, He had a Precept for t|ie Bailiffs to elect a Burgess for Parliament, in the room of $ir Richard Hart, Mr. Christy, Sir Jq/. Herne, Mr. Stokes, A nth. Parker Riquire, deceased; and fejcj, JJp was in- Mr. SifotiAMr. Hutchinson, Mr. preke, Sir Sam. Grime formed, that Mr- (then with him) 91K} Afr.

Jferwere the Bailiffs; but Mr. Lifer fold him, dipt he was one of the Bailiffs, and Mr. Alum*

don, Mr. Travers:And they are to mept this Afternoon

at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

NfwEast-jjfiii Cum*

To*

it:

A Petition of several Linen-Drapers, and other Trader? in East India Goods, was read; setting forth, That, by the ill Conduct of the late past-India Company, the Trade thither is much impaired, and in Danger so be utterly loft to this Kingdom f That, by the exccfiivp Bearness and Scarcity of Cpllipoes, $c. this Nation has been supplied therewith, by Stealth, from Holland} to the lessening of their Majesties Custoqis, and to ftfie great Damage of the Petitioners Trade: Which, they conceive, would be prevented, if a new East India Company were established, or their Majesties Subjpfts equally permitted to trade tp foe East-Judies: And praying foe Copficferpr tion of foe House, and Relief ip foe PrepiHes.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of foe whole House, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade, and for erecting a new Compapy, is

referred.

tyfe. The House, according to the Order of foe Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of foe Band-Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of foe Copimitfoe. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter tp them referred; and had directed him to move the H.ouse. that they mav have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself hfeo a Copiniittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Land-Forces.

famUM. Ordered, That all -Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

..... — .....rrrr^rr "

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --, ----- ----- ----- --- iw/ng was up*:

Yet the Sheriff'delivered the Precept to Mr. Manwaring, who is a Mippr; was ppf duly plefted, and flflvef foom Bajliff: Tffat Jlf er demanded foe Wrjfj ffut was dpi.)fed to have it, qr to hear it rpaff: That a Paper '

was fixed tp foe Crpfs, importing, ffliat fberp feofod be an pleftion on fli,e 3ofo of Nov.; and the Pefoinpet?. the Bailiffs, can fed Notice thereof so bp given so foe Foreign Burgeft'c? tp ptteud; That pccprcfoigjy fop phec-tors did attend; but, before fop Hour appointed for pleftion, the Lord Willoughby, Ffqoire,

and ofoers, who are no Afembers of foe Corporation,

.came with Alp. Mayyari/igjto foe Tpwu-H.nl/; &od, without reading the Rrpcppjt, or calling fop Court of JEjeftipp, they, by a Stranger, adjourned all Efeftqps so foe Shambles, just as foe Raiiifls, agd, many odiers, were cowing into Court; who then jdeM^uded foe Precept might he read, which was not done: T/iat fop said Mr-Lifter attended at foe Shanfoles; and porDo'itH, after reading the Wrjt, adjourned alj die plexors to the ToivU-Flall; whither mfot of foem repaired; pud tliqre foey did duly elect John IVeddallRiquire: That, within an flour after, the said Bailiff's and Ruygcjfcs did execute an Indenture, pud tendered a Counterpart to he executed by tffe High-Sjietiff, which lip refuted tp lea): That die Petitioners have herewith font the Return, wlif.cjj foc.y tendered to the S,herifl'; which is pll they can do for returning their Representative: And praying die judgment of foe Flatije in the Premises.

And aifp a Petition of Jo/ty Bfquire, which Ditto,

wap formerly ordered to lie upon the Table, was read; setting forth. That, on Iliurfoy the 3,pt|i Nov. just, the Petitioner wps duly cbpfen, by dip rightful pleftors, a Member of Pprliatneqt to serve for the Borough of Clitheroe, in die roqm of Anth. Parker Lfcjufoe, deceased; and was returned so by Indenture, uudqr S.cid of foe said Corporptiop; the High-Sheriff' of Euncuf ire refuting to mpke foe Return; but bps mvluly returned Gerragd Esquire: And praying the C'pntideration of foe House in foe Matter.

Ordered, That foe Examination and Considerption of the said fevprpl Petitfous be referred to die Committee of Privileges and pleftions: And dipt they jdp report foe Matter, with foeir, Opinion foerejn, tq ftie House.

Veneris, 15® die Deceminis;

5* Gulielmi et Marite.

Praters.

aM«nb*r CiRDERED, That Sir Francis War, in Custoffy

' "'°'A of the Seij — - - A — iL‘ c-

Vox.. XI.‘

A Petition of the JVfafter, Wardens,.and Afoftaats, of the importing Incorporated Company of Clothiers in Worcester; wps Tlirowa-Stlk. prefenfed to tfte House, and read; setting forth, 'f iiat the Petitioners Trade dqth grqatly conffft in die Sale of Cloth

-,.i \J _< /'rr'. " — - ' T-7 T, tQ/he lurky Company, who, bring back, in Exchange,

totulod;. ^/cant.at ^riqs wten^, H8 fo13 House, for gr^at Qnpndltiqs so D.nforpwp jSilk, whidi is afterwards

twisted

Leave of Absence.

London

Orphans

Fund.

Fees in Law Courts,

Chichester Cathedral Land Tax.

32 15° — 16° D1693.

twisted here; whereby many Thousand poor People are kept at Work: That there being a Bill depending in the House, for importing of ISicilian, and Naples Throw n-Silks over band into these Kingdoms; the said Bill, if it should pass, will not only be a great Damage to the Turley Trade, but also to the Petitioners Trade, and the Ruin of many Thousand poor Families: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the LIII for Importation of fine Sicilian, Italian, and Naples Thrown-Silk, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

That the Petitioners, having faithfully done their Duties, without any other Reward than the Satisfaction of having done well, think theml'elves hardly dealt withal to be fetched out of their own Country: Yet they readily appeared at the Exchequer, hoping their Proceedings might tend to the Interest of their Majesties, by encouraging other Commissioners to tax such Residentiaries as these, whole evil Influence and Threats have occasioned the Commissioners to omit such Taxation: That the Petitioners, by the Vexation of the said Residentiaries, in Journeying, Loss of Time, Solicitations, and other Expences, have been at 501. Charge at the least: And praying their said Expences may be reimbursed them, to the Encouragement of others employed in the publick Service.

Ordered, That the laud Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Mittonhave Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

Ordered, That the Clerk of Dover-Castle, and Register of the Courts of Chancery, and Admiralty of the Cinque-Ports, do forthwith lay before this House Tables of their respective Fees.

A Petition of several Commissioners, for putting in Execution, in the County of Suffer, an Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings per Pound; and of the Assess'ors and Collectors of the said Aid, in the City of Chichester; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That in the Cathedral Church of Chichester, are a Dean, and about Thirty Dignitaries and Prebendaries; and the Dean, and Dignitaries, and Prebendaries, have every one a peculiar Revenue; and they, together, make the Body Politick of the Dean and Chapter of the said Church: Besides the said several Revenues, are divers Lands, formerly appointed for Repair of the Church, maintaining the Choir, and other Necessaries: That, for many Years palt, the whole Revenue of the said Church have been managed by Officers, chosen among themselves, called Residentiaries, who are now Five; the Profits of whole Offices are worth at leaf; One hundred Pounds per Annum apiece; and they were assessed at Twenty Pounds each, pursuant to the said Act: From which Assessment the said Residentiaries did appeal; suggesting, That they were the Dean and Chapter, seised of divers Lands, the Rents and Fines w-hereof they employ about maintaining their Church, dividing the Overplus; and that their Lands are rated in their Tenants Hands: Whereto the Commissioners answered, That the said Residentiaries were notoriously not the Dean and Chapter; and that they received those Rents and Fines, not in their own Right, but as Officers of the Dean and Chapter; for that they demand 4 d. for every Receipt, and Fees for Confirmations of Leases, for Inltallation, for every Burial in the Church and Cloisters, SCc.; which the Residentiaries receive to their own Ule, as the Salary of their Offices; that the Revenues of all Bodies Politick are publick Revenues, and their Officers publick Officers, and usually have been taxed as such, though the Profits of their Offices have been of the Overplus of Lands already taxed; and that the Parliament intended these Residentiaries should be taxable, appears in excepting Masters and Fellows of Colleges, who are in the Nature of Residentiaries: And therefore the Commissioners caused the said Tax to be levied upon the said Residentiaries: That afterwards, by selfe Suggestion, the Residentiaries obtained an Order and Subpoena from the Exchequer; whereby several of the Commissioners, fife, were compelled to appear, and give an Account of their said Proceedings to the said Court; and the Barons, on hearing the said Residen-tLuries, declared, That they had done ill in making such false Suggestions against the Petitioners; and that they were taxable for the casual Profits of their said Places:

Colonel Goldwell reported from the Committee, to Importing whom the Bill for Importation of fine Sicilian, Italian, Ibvowu-iulk. and Naples Thrown-Silk, was committed. That they had considered the several Petitions to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Broderick, who Irlfh For-could give an Account of the Value of the forfeited futures. Estates in Ireland, w as at the Door;

He w as called in, and asked several Questions: To which he gave Answer.

And then withdrew.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Sir Thennas Littleton reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commitiees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock. 1

Sabbati, 16* die Decembris;

5* Gulielmo et Mari®.

Praters.

f\RDERED, That Sir William Thomas have Leave Leave of . to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery a Lienee, of his Health.

Mr. Brener presented to the House, according to Hackney Order, a Bill for regulating the Number of Hackney Coaches. Coaches in the Cities of London and Westminster, and

Borough

i 6° Decenibris.

5 W. £* M.

Borough of Soutfraark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Rd'olxid, That the Bill be read a Second time, after j Twelve a Clock.

Ion and A Bill for the better Paving and Cleansing of the

aiiM Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, in the Suburbs of the Cities "! of London and Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, except the City of London, was read the First time.

And the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

tin* A Petition of the People called Quakers was presented juution. to the House and read; letting forth, That, because of their tender Confidence, they cannot take an Oath; so that they have been prosecuted to Sequestrations, their Estates seized, and liodies imprisoned; and prevented from maintaining their just Rights, especihlly in the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer, without an Oath; wherein the Law hath not provided for the Petitioners Relief: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to admit, that their solemn and respective Answers, Affirmations, and Denials, may be accepted, instead of an Oath, in the Courts of Chancery and Exchequer.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

TtPro- A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice and

ri ngs in \fr Baron Rowell:

jUiattU Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

MCo- The Earl of Bellamont presented to the House Arti-'! % % '» tides of Impeachment of High Treason, and other Crimes ff ‘ and Mifdetneanors, against Thomas Lord , one

of the late Lord Justices of Ireland: And the same were delivered in at the Clerk's Table, and read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. That he the said Lord Conyngsby hath traitorously abused the Power and Authority of his Government, and exercised the same tyrannically,.. discouraging and terrifying the Militia, by framing and impoling on them a new, arbitrary, and illegal Oath, notwithstanding that his Majesty left Instructions, when he came from Ireland, for arraying the Militia; which Instructions did, among other Things, dileft, That the Oaths, established by Act of Parliament in England, should be administered to them; but the said Lord Conyngsby, in the Oath he imposed, left out that Part which requires them to renounce the Jurisdiction of the Pope, and all other foreign Powers, purposely to leave room for Papists to come into the Militia: And further, in his Instructions, ordered all Governors of Counties to subject the Militia to Martial Law, contrary to the known Law s of that Kingdom, and his Majesty s said Instructions; there being no Militia established in that Kingdom by Law, but has been hitlierto a voluntary Service.

2dlv, That the said Lord Conyngsby, intending to bring their Majesties good Protestant Subjects of Ireland into a Dislike of their Majesties Government, did traitorously, arbitrarily, and against the known Laws of the said Realm, exact and force free Quarter for the Army: And did also, by Force of Arms, levy Money on the Protestant Subjects; rejecting the several Proposals made to them, by the raoft considerable Gentry of some Counties, for the more regular subsisting a greater Number of Soldiers than were free-quartered, upon them; which discouraged other Counties from making the same Offers; so that the Country, thereby became entirely ruined.

jdly, That the said Lord Conyngsby, for his own private Gain and Advantage, did traitorously cause great Vex* XI.

Scarcity of Provisions in the Army before by

obliging the Sutlers to take Licences from him at excessive Rates, and by laying Taxes on all such Beer, and other Provisions, as went to the Camp; whereby, all or most of the Sutlers being forced to forsake the Service of the Camp, Provisions of all Sorts became so very scarce and dear, that great Numbers of the Soldiers perished for Want.

4thly, That the said Lord Cony, assuming to himself an arbitrary and tyrannical Power ovev the Lives, as well as the Properties, of their Majesties Subjects of Ireland, above, and against all law, did, in Council, traitorously, and by Word of Mouth, order one to be hanged, without Trval, the Courts of Justice being then open, and who was, at that time, an Evidence against one Szceetman for the barbarous Murder of some of Colonel Foulke's Soldiers: But the said Sweet man giving all his real Estate to the Value of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, to Mr. Culliford, besides the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to Mr. Fielding, his the said Lord s

Secretary, for being his Bail, but never prosecuted for the said horrid Murder: and the said Gafney was immediately executed, according to the said verbal Order.

5tlilv, That the said Lord Conyngsby, during his Government of Ireland, did, by himself, or his Agent, traitorously settle and maintain a Correspondence, and carry on a Trade, with the Subjects of the French King, their Majesties declared Enemy.

6thly, That the said Lord Conyngsby, betraying and abusing the great Trust reposed in him, and the better to enrich himself, and to enable him to go through with his traitorous. Designs; did embezil vast Quantities of their Majesties Stores, and forfeited Estates both real and personal; whereby the Reduction of that Kingdom became more difficult, and the War more burdentome upon England, and the Army greatly discouraged for want of their Pay; which, by due Application of the said em-beziled Stores and Estates, might have been remedied.

7thly, That the said Lord Conyngsby further traitorously abusing his great Trust, and betraying their Majesties Honour and Interest, did, during his whole Government, openly favour and support the Papists in their Robberies, and other Outrages,. committed upon the Protestants j refuting to allow them Liberty of taking their legal Remedies against the Papists.

And that lie, the said Lord Conyngsby, was one of the said Lords Justices during the time that all and every the Crimes and Offences, before let forth, were done and committed.

The Earl of Bellamont also presented to the House Sir fc. Por-Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and oilier high Ur's lm-Crimes and Mifdetneanors, against Sir Charles Porter i*actment-Knight, one of the late Lords Justices of And

the same were delivered in at the Clerk's Tableland read; and are as followeth; viz.

l. That the said Sir Charles Porter hath traitorously abused the Power and Authority of his Government, and exercised the same tyrannically, in discouraging ana terrifying the Militia, by framing and impoting on them a new, arbitrary, and illegal Oath, notwithstanding that his Majesty left Instructions, when he came from Ireland, for arraying the Militia; which Instructions did, among other Things, direct, 'That the Oaths, established by Act of Parliament in England, should be administered to them; but the said Sir Charles Porter, in the Oath he imposed, left out that Part which requires them to rerenounce the Jurisdiction of the Pope, and all Other foreign rowel's, purposely to leave room for Papists to come into the Militia: And further, in their Instructions, ordered all Governors of Counties to subject the Matter to Martial Law, contrary to the know n Laws of that Kingdom, and his Majesty's said Instructions $ there being no Militia established in that Kingdom by Law, but hath been hitherto a voluntary Service.

2dly, That the said Sir Charles Porter, intending to bring their Majesties good Proteltaut Subjects of Ireland

K into

16° — 18° Decembris. A. 1695.

a Dislike of their Majesties Government, did, traitorously, arbitrarily, and against the known Laws of the Realm, exact and force free Quarter for the Army: And did also by force of Arms levy Money on the Protestant Subjects, rejecting the several Proposals made to him, by the most considerable Gentry of some Counties, for the more regular

subsisting a greater.....of Soldiers than were

free-quartered upon them; which discouraged other Counties from making the same Offers; so that the Country thereby became entirely ruined.

3dly, That the said Sir Charles for his own

private Gain and Advantage, did traitorously cause a meat Scarcity of Provisions in the Army before Limerick, by obliging the Sutlers to take Licences from him at excessive Rates, and by laying Taxes on all such Beer, and other Provisions, as went to the Camp; whereby, all or most of the Sutlers being forced to forsake the Service of the Camp, Provisions of all Sorts became so very scarce and dear, that great Numbers of the Soldiers perished for Want.

4thly, That the said Sir Charles Porter, a (Turning to himselt an arbitrary and tyrannical Power over the Lives as well as the Properties, of their Majesties Subjects of Ireland, above, and against all Law, did, in Council, traitorously, and by Word of Mouth, order one Gnfncy to be hanged without Tryal, the Courts of Justice being then open, and w ho was, at that time, an Evidence against one Sweetman, for the barbarous Murder of some of

Cononel Foulke's Soldiers: But the said Sweetman, giving all his real Estate, to the Value of about Two hundred Pounds per Annum, to Mr. betides the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to Mr. , the said Sir

Charles and Lord Conyngsby & Secretary, lor being his Bail, was never prosecuted for the said horrid Murder: And the said Gafneywas immediately, according to the said verbal Order, hanged.

5thly, That foe laid Sir Cha. , during his

Government of Ireland, did, by himself, or his Agents, traitorously settle and maintain a Correspondence, and carry on a Trade, with the Subjects of the French King, their Majesties declared Enemies.

6thly, That the said Sir Charles Porter, betraying and abusing the great Trust reposed in him; and the better to enrich himself. and to enable him to go through with his traitorous Designs; did embezil a considerable Part of the forfeited Estates, both real and personal; whereby the Reduction of that Kingdom became more Difficult, and the War more burdensome upon England, and the Army greatly discouraged for want of their Pay; which, by due Application of the said embeziled Estates, might have been remedied.

7thly, That the said Sir Charles Porter, further traitorously abusing his great Trust, and betraying their Majesties Honour and Interest, did, during his whole Government, openly favour and support the Papists in their Robberies, and other Outrages, committed upon the Protestants; refusing to allow die Liberty of taking their legal Remedies against the Papists.

8thly, And that he the said Sir Charles Porter was one of the Lords Justic.es of Ireland, during the time that all and every the Crimes and Offences, before set forth*, were done and committed.

And Colonel Robert Fitzgerald, and Mr. Frances Annejley, were called in, and examined to several Matters in the said Articles contained.

Aud then withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, hear Witnesses, at die Bar of this House, to the said several Articles.

of the whole House, to confidet of the Bill for regulating of Trials in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Trealbn.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ways and whole House, to whom it was referred to confides* of Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for Maintenance of the Fleet, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Committee*.

Morning next, Niue a Clock.

Lunce, 18* die Decembm;

5* Gulielmi it Maria*.

pRAYEftS.

fiRDERED, That Mr. Mich ell, in Custody of the A Member

Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting ^barged himselt from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out roui u 0 of Custody, paying his Fees.

Sir John Darcll reported from the Committee of Privilege. Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching Smith, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege itgainst Sir Thomas Miller, a Member of this House: The which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the said Edward Smith, being brought before them, confiefled, That he had served the said Sir Thomas Miller with a Subpoena and Order out of the Court <jf Excliequer; but said he was sorry for it: And that he said, he was a Clerk to Mr. IVakeJord; but had no express Order from his Mutter to serve Sir Tho. Aliller, only to serve Tw o or Three of the Commissioners; and that what he did, was as Servant to the said Mr. and

that it was about the Dean and Chapter of 5

Business; and that he did not consider, that Sir Thtf.

Miller was a Parliament-Man at that time; but at the same tune said, he lived at Chichester, and lived there when Sir Thomas was so defied.

And that, upon the whole. Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Eduard Smith did, on the 22d Day of May last, knowing Sir Thomas Miller to be a Member of Parliament, serve the said Sir Thomas Millet with a Subpcent* and Order out of the Court of Exchequer.

Ordered, That the said Edward Smith4 be brought to the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, in order so his Dischavge.

A Motion being made, and the Qheftiort being put,

That John IVakeford be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for causing Sir Tho. Miller1, a Member of this Hoirfe, to be served with a Subpoena and Order out of the Court of Exchequer, during the Time of Privilege;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j He} 35-

Tellers fortbe Noes, GM ] 9«-

a

4

d

Supply. Rejoined, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, at a Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Land-Forces.

Trials for Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning ireukm. next, at Ten a Clock, retolve itself into a. Comui*ttue

*5

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, w ho made Defaulters Default to appear upon the Call of the House this Day at Call on Fortnight, be ealled over upon WednMorning next, House* at Ten a Clock: And that fitch of them as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House. ‘

Ordered,

5 W. SiM. 8® — 19* — ao°

{'Atbridp Ordered, That the Repbrt froth the Committee of Utkin. Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of be made upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

lsmtf Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Clarke have leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

N*nt TTie House, according to the Order of the Day, h-iumeiB. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, so consider of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments.

| Then the Order of the Day, for the House to refbive

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of die Land-Forces, was read.

And the Question being put, That 3Vlr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Land-Forces.

I tamtam Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

.Nlbriiing, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 19* die Decembris;

5* Qulrelmi et Marias'.

pRATtRS.

'Mm \ PETITION of Frances Bradbury, Ellen Panic, Mai J\ anc| Qrace Bell, Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Sum of 250/. was put info the Chamber of London, by Tho. Bradbury, deceased, the Petitioners Father; who took die City's Bond for the Security thereof, at fuiall Interest, as thinking it the feeweft Place; and which he intended as a Provision for the Petitioners, w ho are in mean Condition: That, if the City-Revenues he disposed towards Satisfaction of the Orphans of the said City, the Petitioners must lose their laid Debt: And praying, that they may be equally relieved with the said City-Orphans.

Ordered, That the Examination'and Consideration off the said Petition be referred to the Committee, of the whole House, so whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London,' relating to the Orphans, is referred.

to*. A Petition1 of Nicholas Smith Clerk, Curate of Scant-blesby in (he County of Lincowas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Herbert Doctor in Divinity, did, by his last Will, leave, in' the Hands of Dr. Sandcroft, foine Money, and an Impression

of Latin Books, to be made up 1,000l. for augmenting the Curacy of Scamblesby: That, in 1677, Dr.

Sandcroft fold the said Books; the Amount whereof, together with the ready Money, came to Eight hundred Pounds, which he paid into the Chamber of London, and took Bond for securing the fume with Interest, which remains all unpaid: And praying equal Belief with the City-Orphans.

VOL.XI.

35

..... , That the ExAmination and Chnsideration

of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Dot'd Mayor, Aldermen, and Comtridh-Council, of the City of London, relating to the Orphans, is referred.

fEdward Smith, in Custody of the Serjeant.. Arms, for Privilege — a Breach of Privilege, committed upon Sir Miller

Knight, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: and dif-Where, ujpon his Knees; he received a Reprimand from charged.

Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Edward Smith be discharged out of Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, paying his Fees.

Mr. Clark, according to Order, presented to the House Registry of a Bill for fegiftHng Memorials of Deeds; Chhveyatlces, and Wills: And the feme Was received; Arid read the First time.

liejotvdd, That the Bill be redd a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Ftfftnlght; upon extraordinary Occallohs. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Bobertbajhwood have Leave , to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, TMt the Amehdrrients, made by the Lordp ip Free Profile Bill touching free abd impartial Proceedings , in Par- c«eding$ in liament, be takeh into Conlidferation upon ament*

Morning next, after felevch a Clock.

Colonel Perry, according to Order; prefehtbd to theb Holborn, Ac. House d Bill for erecting a Court of Coflscience iri Court of Holborne - and Finsbitry Divisioh itt the Coutity of Co"cienc*'

Middlesex: And the same was received;

The House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, so consider further of a Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Land-Forces.

Mr. Speaker left the Chhir. '

Sir Thonids Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumbd the Chdir.

...Sir Thomas Littletbh reported frorri fife feid Committed,

That thiy had come to divers Relblutions; which the V had directed him to report to the House, when the House Would please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made To-mbrrow Morning, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, 'f'h'at the Report from the Committee of the Ways and whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Mean»-Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their li^ajesties, for the Maintenance of the fleet, be made Tomorrow Morning.

itejolted, 'tidk this Hfo'use will, To-mbrfpw Morning Ditto, at Eleven a Clock, r&olve itself info a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance 6f the1 FleetT

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House. adjourned till Ttf-radrirow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Decembrist;1

Gulielnu el Mali®'.

Praters. ... 0

THE Names of the Members,' whb made Default so Defaulters at appear upon the Call of the House, upon Monday Call of the Fortnight last, were, according to Order,' edited over: Hous*

And several of them appeared.

3<S

20* Decem

A. 1693.

Leave of Abfeac*.

Leather

cutting.

Ordered \That Walter Kendall Esquire, and Nicholas Glyn Esquire, be excused from their Attendance for a Week.

Ordered, That Henry Mannaton Esquire be excused by reason of his Sickness.

Ordered \That the House be called over upon Saturday Sevennight next: And that such Members, who have not ‘ Leave to be absent, as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending... House.

Importing An ingrossed Bill for the Importation of fine,

Thrown-bilk. Sicilian, and Naples Thrown-Silk, was read the Third

time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Importation of fine , Sicilian, and Naples Thrown-Silk.

Ordered, That Colonel Golckvell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Bcrty have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Lord Norryes have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions,

A Petition of the Company of Cordwainers, Curriers, Tanners, and other Dealers in Leather, in and about the City of London, and divers other Places, was prdented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by a Statute, made in the First Year of King James the First, concerning Tanners, Curriers, and other Artificers, occupying the Cutting of Leather, Provision is made again!! the Gashing of raw Hides; but, by reason of the Smallness of the Penalty, and Difficulty of the Prosecution, that Clause hath been ineffectual: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the said Statute more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Goldwell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom was referred the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Sir Richard Fyher, and many other Inhabitants of file Parish of St. Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex; whereby they prayed Leave to bring in a Bill for Repair of the Highways within the said Parish: That the Committee had examined and considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refotoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking a reasonable Toll from Waggoners and Carriers loaden, Stage-Coaches, and Drifts of ail Sorts of Cattle, towards Repair of the publick Highways within the said Parish of Islington.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Repair of the Highways within the Parish of St.

Islington, according to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Borvyer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining a former Act for Relief of poor Prisoners was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And Which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout.

Ordered, That the said Report be further proceeded upon on Friday Morning next, after Ten a Clock.

fttockbrirfge- Sir John Darellreported from the Committee of Elec-fcie&ion. tions and Privileges, the Matter touching the Election

Ifiingto* Roads.

Ill Pol vent Debtors.

for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton, as it appeared in the Committee: The which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of Henry Daw/ey Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Anthony Roza Esquire, to serve for Stockbridge:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

The Petitioner allowed the fitting Member to have the Majority of all Voices; but infilled, That they were procured in an ill Manner: And, to that End, called,

John Hall, and f Who testified, That Thomas Clark, John Cafeley: \ who was Servant to Mr. after

Mr. Whitehead's, Death, but some time before the Election, came to St odbridge, and brought with him a Letter

to the Burgesses, recommendatory of Mr.; that, at a Meeting of the Burgefiks, the said Letter was read; and afterwards 7 ho.Clark did declare, That the several Bur-gi files should have a Sack of Wheat; and Cafeley said, It was only promised to such as would vote for Mr. Row.

John Cafeley further said, That Mr. Row, about a Month or Three Weeks before die Eltftion, sent lor him to the Swan-Inn; and told him, That, if he would vote for him, he would give him a considerable Parcel of Money: That Nicholas Bainton, who voted for Mr. Rou\ said, if the Bailiff would vole for Mr. Row, it would be worth to him 20/.: That the Bailiff said, Mr. Neale had given him a Deputation to receive the Borough-Rents, which are about 5/.; and that he was sure of something; But said also, That the Bailitf for the Time being had, for Three or Four Years, received the said Rents.

'Thomas IVcbb said, Mr. Neale had promised to be kind to him; and he and Mr. Row had offered him to be Godfathers to his Child; though lie had not any-way particularly obliged them, nor was related to them.

Philip Ken said, He heard one , who voted for

Mr. Row, say, That, if he voted for Mr. there

was only a Pot of Ale, and a Toast; but, if he drew only a little Pin of Beer, and voted for Mr. Raw, lie should have Five Pounds.

Joan Webb said, The Bailiff's Wife came to her, and desired to know, What the should do with the Mace that was to seal the Return? For the said the thought the was 10/. out of Pocket; and would not deliver the Alace, till file had her Money: That Abraham Mr. Row's

Alan, said, His Master would spend 40 or 501, rather than lose the Bailitf and the Contrable.

On behalf of the fitting Member was produced,

Air. Neale's Letter; in which there was no mention of any Wheat. And called,

Thomas Clark, who fuid. He had no Direction from Air. Neale to speak of any Wheat to the Burgesses: But that, at Easter lait, he was at Stockbridge, and some of the Burgesses complained of the unequal Distri button of Beef that his Alafter had yearly given the Town; and declared, That they had rather have it in Wheat: Which Matter he told his Alafter; and thereupon his Alafter said, It was equal to him whether they had Beef or Wheat: And that, the 25th Sept, lait, he called ait Stockbridge, as he was going into the West, and delivered the before-mentioned Letter; After which lie mentioned his Mailer's Answer about changing of the Beef for Wheat; but denied, that it was particularly promised to such Pertbns as should vote for Air. How.

White laid. He was not present when the Letter was read, being then lick in his Chamber; and knew nothing of the Wheat before mentioned.

Chr. Cafeley laid, He w as there when the Letter was read; but heard nothing of the Wheat, nor changing Beef for Wheat.

Whitc said, He was offered 5/. a Year by my Lord JDe la Warc to vote for Mr. Daw ley; but had no Money offered to vote for Mr. How; nor did Mr. Row so much as a(k for his Vote: That he did draw out a Pin of Aie at the Election to his Neighbours: That he did not

keep

DiVranrbi*-oj Mock-tai^t Boron^.

% 'y.

5 W. & M.

keep a Publick-house; but paid l and g Excise for it, and never was paid for it.

Austin Tawnefend said, The Bailiffs used to gather the

Town-Rents, whether Friends to Mr. or no.

Edward Randall said, John Cajily told him, That he believed Mr. Row would not come down, and he would wait no longer upon him; and that he had Money of Mr. Daxoley.

Elis. Hedges said, That Mrs. declared to her,

That Mr. Neale nor Mr. Row had offered any Money; and therefore said, Why should Mr. petition

And, when the was to go up to , ftie said, It was

not like going before a Justice of Peace; it was only to tell a Lye, and that would throw Mr. Row out

Thomas Webb said, Elis. Hupon a Difference between her and Pucknell, said, She could throw out Mr. Row herself; and that they would be all undone: That the said Hedges was much for Mr. Row: And said, She would undertake, that, if the said Webb would be for Mr Rote, the Bailiffs should have Thirty Guineas,

and himself Fifteen.

And that upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution: Which the said Sir John Dared read in his Place , and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.,

Resolved, That it is . Opinion of this Committee, That Anthony Row Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellm fur the Yeas, fffuMttm. } ' 4&

Tellers for the Noes, j 166.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That Henry Daw ley Esquire is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Election for the said Borough of Stockbridge, was a corrupt and a void Election.

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in for distbling the said Borough of Stockbridge to fend Burgt lies to serve in Parliament for the future: And that a Committee be appointed to prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And it is referred to *.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to , Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Land-Forces, the Resolutions of the said Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as follow ctb; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Number of the Land-Forces, now in their Majesties Pay, be increased, for the Service of the Year 1694.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be Six new Regiments of English Horse, to be commanded by Officers that are their Majesties natural-born Subjects, raised, for the Service of the Year 1694; each consisting of the same Number as the Queen's Regiment.

3 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be Four new Regiments of English Dragoons, to be commanded by Officers that are their Majesties natural-born Subjects, raised, for the Service of the Year 1694; each consisting of the same Number as the Royal Regiment of Pragoons.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be Fifteen New Regiments of Foot, to be Vo 1. XI.

37

commanded by Officers that are their Majesties natural-boni Subjects, raised, for the Service of the Year 1604; each consisting of the same Number as Colonel s

Regiment.

5. Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That 83,121 Men, including Commission and Non-commission Officers, according to the Lift of the Land-Forces delivered in to the House, are necessary, for the Service of the Year 1694.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 210,773/. 4s. ,5 be allowed for the extraordinary Charge of the Office of Ordnance, in relation to the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year

1694.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 31,0581. 8 6d.

be allowed for the Pay of the General Officers, for the Service of the Year 1694.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 110,160/. be allowed for Levy-money, for the Service of the Year 1694.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 40,808/. be allowed for the Transports, for the Service of the Year

1 o. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 60,000l. be allowed for liospitals, and Contingencies, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay for the Iiorfe, Dragoons, and Foot, according to the Lift of the Land-Forces delivered in to the House, for the Service of the Year 1694, be the Sum of 1,990,7811. 16$. 10 d.

The First Three of the said Resolutions, heinj severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding to the fame, " whereof one Regiment to be " for the Service of the Barbadoes."

And the Question being put, That those Words be added to the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle, for, he } 9o,

Tellurs for tire Noes, j sir'Robert Cotton: } ,5°-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That there be Fifteen new Regiments of Foot, to be commanded by Officers that are their Majesties natural-born Subjects, raised for the Service of the Year 1694; each consisting of the same Number as Colonel Sehcyn' % Regiment.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding to the fame, " to be employed in " and beyond the Seas."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That 83,121 Men, including Commission and Non-commission Officers, according to the Lift of the Land-Forces delivered in to the House, are necessary, for the Service of the Year 1694, U> be employed in , and beyond the

Seas.

The Sixth, Seventh, Eighth, and Ninth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Tenth Refolation being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

L Tellers

4

20° Decembris.

20° — 21* Decemhris.

A. 1693.

120.

184*

38

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j Serf"'

So it passed in the Negative.

Refotoed, That the Matter of the said Resolution be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, upon the Debate of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, relbive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Resolution re-com-

"'Ttfe Eletemh Resolution, being read a Second time, flhe Hou^ \tot for to Casu>i* of *" Serje""t " was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by -Arms attending this House.

the House.

into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary

Occasions.

Ordered That Mr. Gott have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon the Service of the Publick.

Ordered \That Mr. Campion have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Mondap Fortnight next: And that such Members, who have not Leave to be absent, as shall not then attend the Service

Call of the House.

Way# and Means.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants in Mount's-Bay, in Cornwall, is referred, have Power to

Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted ^en<^ ^or Fer^ns, Papers, and Records.

New East India Company.

to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet, be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade, and for erecting a new East-Indie Company.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine a Clock.

enable divers Merchants-Insurers, that many Losses by the present War with

Morning,

Kentifli

Town#

Roads*

Merchant-Inf brers Creditors.

Leave of Absence.

Jovis, 21* die Decembris;

5* Gulielmi ct Marias.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants and Landholders of the Parish of St. Pancras, alias , in

the County of Middlesex, on behalf of them (elves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the common Highways of the said Parish extend Nine Miles in Length; and are become so much out of Repair, by the great Drifts of all Sorts of Cattle parting through the said Parish, that the Parishioners are not able to repair the fame; and that they have done what the Law requires; yet they have been fined, and greater Fines are threatened to be laid upon them; whereby several able Inhabitants have left the said Parish, and the Poor, who are very numerous, thereby lets able to be maintained; fb that, unless feme speedy Relief be had, the said Parish will be more and more impoverished, and the Highways become unpafi'able: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Repair of the Highways within the said Parish.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for Repair of the Highways within the Parish of Islington be brought into the House.

A Petition of sundry Merchants, residing in London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is presented to the House, to enable divers Merchant-Insurers the better to satisfy their several Creditors: That the Petitioners are Creditors of the said Insurers for very great Sums: And praying to be heard before the Parting of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir William Drake have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennens have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered That Sir Edu ard Norreys have Leave to go

22

The Bill to have sustained France, the better to satisfy their several Creditors, was read the Second time.

Refobed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sam. -nardiston, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Waller, Sir Richard Mr. Cook, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Lee, Mr. , Mr. Jeff ryes, Mr. Holt, Mr. Haw try, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Btofeild, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Bren er, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Goldxvell, Mr. England, Mr Swift, Sir Fr. Guibon,

Colonel Titus, Sir John Darell, Sir John Knight, Mr.

Bowyer, Sir Jervas Elv es, Sir Edward Sir

Fra, Drake, Colonel Perry, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Chetvynd, Mr. Fazrkes; and all the Members of the House who are Merchants; and all that serve for the Sea-Ports; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of sundry Merchants, residing in London, which was ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

And the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth; viz.

Prels the lit, Line the 33. after " Parliament," in-

fert " unless he or they shall be afterwards again elected to serve in the " same Parliament."

Pr. 2. L. 4. after " for," instead of " the," insert " a newand, after " ofj" leave out " a new."

Line 5th, after " Commons," leave out " in " the;" and insert, instead thereof; " for such;" and, after " Places," leave out the rest of the Bill; and, instead thereof, insert " for which " such Member or Members was or " were before elected."

The first Three of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Amendment being read a Second time; after " Places," leave out the rest of the Bill; and, instead thereof insert " for " hich such Member or Members was or were elected

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the said Amendment.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Realons, to be offered at the said Conference with the Lords.

And

Encouraging

Privateers.

Merchants-

Insurers

Creditors.

Free Pro-

Cfrdinjs in Paiimuttut.

a I. — 2a* Decetribris.

SW.#M.

And it is referred to Mr. Palmes, Sir

Mr.SmM, Mr GoldwelL, Sir Edward Sir

Temple, Sir Joseph Tredenham, Colonel , Sir Tho.

Littleton, Mr. ASountague,. Colonel Sir Walter

Young, Lord Ratielaugh, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Clark, Lord William Paxvlet, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Edward Huffey, Lord , Mr.

Wharton; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Pour of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

39

Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet, and for the Maintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees/

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

F-tcwt Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, fciiMMti. intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments, be read the Third time Tomorrow Moiling, alter Eleven a Clock.

Vivsjml Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Means. Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, the Resolutions of the (aid Committee: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolveecl, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, of the Sum of Tw o Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds be charged upon Land.

2. Rtfoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, a Duty be laid upon all foreign Salt imported.

3. Rejoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, a Duty be laid upon all Engl'ijhSalt, to be paid at the Salt-works by the Maker thereof.

4. Rtfoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty to be laid upon foreign Salt imported be Three-pence per Gallon.

5. Refvkcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty to be laid upon Engl'ish Salt be One Peny Halfpeny per Gallon.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Rdblutions: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Clause be brought in to the said Bill, for settling the Price of Salt.

Ordered, That a Clause be brought in to the said Bill, That all English Salt exported be difdiarged from the said Duty.

Vy'j. The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Resolutiou Yesterday re-connniited to them.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning, before the ingrofi'ed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments, be read the Third time.

Refoked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the ingossed Bill is read, and after hearing the Witnesses to the Articles against the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charles Porter, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Vol. XI.

Veneris, 22* die Decemhris;

5* Gulielmi et Marine.

Prayers.

A PETITION of John Vivian the elder, Esquire, Vivian's and Thomas Vivian his eldest Son, was presented to E^ate. the House, and read; letting forth. That, in 1680, the Petitioner John made a Settlement of great Part of his Estate upon himself for Life, and the Remainder in Tail Male: That John, a Second Son of the Petitioner, upon whom the said Estate was entailed, is dead, leaving Issue Two Sons, and One Daughter, Infants; to whom the said Estate may possibly defeend after the Decease of the Petitioners, without Issue: That the Petitioner John having contrafted great Debts, partly by making Provision for his younger Children, and partly by purchasing Part of the Estate so settled, which cannot be fold without an Act of Parliament, to which the nearest Relations are contenting for the said Infants, the Petitioners offering to

O o

make Provision for the said Infants: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to fell some Part of their Estate, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bofcawen do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Clippers of the better Discovery of Clippers of the Coin of this Cuiu* Kingdom: And that Mr, Waller do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preventing preventing the Sale and Exportation of all Engi/fh ot

Bullion, that has not the Mark by which it was imported:

And that Mr. Cullijord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented Supply Bill; to the House a Bill to supply the Deficiency of the Money Act

raised by a former Act, intituled, An Act for granting to l)eliciency* their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Brer, Ale, and other Liquors, for feeuring certain Recompences and Advantages to such Persons, as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France; and to impower any Persons to name a Second or Third Life for tiicir Annuities, upon the Terms and Recompences therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Eirft time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Supply. Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom a former Resolution of the said Committee, relating to the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Laiul-Eorces, for the Service of the Year 1694, was re-committed, the Resolution of the said Committee thereupon: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz, llefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Eorty-leven thousand Pounds, be allowed for Hospitals, and Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War, for the Service of the Year 1694.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved\

1

2 a0 — 2j° Decembris.

A, \ 1695.

Sabbati, 23* die Decembris 5* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Answer to Commissioners of Account.

frequent

A PETITION of the Lady A/me Dowager Rocking-London

l\. ham, in behalf of her younger Children, was presented ^aM

40

Refolded, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Forty-seven thousand Pounds, be allowed for Hospitals, and Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Mr. Mountague presented to the House an Answer of the Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury, to the to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Reply of the Commissioners for stating the publick late Husband, about 1681, did pay into the Chamber of

London 5,000l. by way of Loan, which was applied towards Payment of the Orphans Debts: That the Consideration of the said Orphans Debt is now before this House; and that the said 5,000 /. and great Part of the Interest, is still unpaid, which is a very considerable Part of the Provision made for her younger Children: And An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

r j o # m

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of , relating to the Orphans, is referred.

Accounts.

Ordered, That the same do lie upon the Table.

ttquMit An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parliaments, for the frequent Calling and Meeting of Parliaments, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the last Clause in the Bill; That a Parliament shall be uuderstood to holden, although no Act or Judgment shall pass w ithin the time of their Assembly j be left out of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeasif0'0"'1

'(Sir Rowland

31-

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill do pals; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir WYoung,

1 eas'(Sir Hen. Ashurst: j127'

Tellers for the Noes f Sir Jof‘ \ e erS t0r We IN oes'(Sir Richard Temple:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Impeach- The House proceeded, according to the Order of the

ment of Lord Day, to hear Witnesses to the Articles against Thomas in Prejudice to the Petitioner's Right: And praying the

A Petition of John Oakley Mayor, John , and Worceftev others, Citizens and Freemen of the City of Lk&i00*

on the behalf of themselves, who have Right to elect Members to serve in Parliament for the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That < SamuellSwift Esquire hath, by divers illegal Practices, obtained a Return from the Sheriff, as if he were duly cholen a Member to serve for the said City; which, in Truth, he is not; and therefore the said Practices are unjust, and contrary to the Petitioners Rights: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Charles Cocks Esquire w-as presented to Ditto, the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the 9th Day of December instant, the Petitioner was duly chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester;but one Samuell Swift Esquire is returned,

Coningsby and Sir C, Porter.

House to take his same into their Consideration.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants and Freemen Malden of the Town of Malden in the County of E/Jex, was pre- lilettion. fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lord Coning shy, and Sir Charles Porter.

The First, Second, and Fifth Articles were severally read; and several Witnesses severally called in, and examined at the Bar to each of those Articles severally.

And several Letters, and Copies of Letters, and other Papers, delivered in by the Earl of Bellamont, and the Witnesses, were also read, touching the Matter of those Articles.

Ordered, That Sir Michael Cole do attend this House upon ThursdayMorning next; and bring with him Copies said Town is a Borough by Prescription; to which divers

of all Orders and Letters from the Lords Justices of Privileges have been added by Charters, with a Power to Ireland, relating to the Releasing or Delivery of Prizes; make By-Laws: That, of late Years, many Gentlemen and also the Books wherein the same are entered. have had honorary Freedoms, who have out-voted the

Ordered, That Captain Peddar do forthwith transmit Petitioners, contrary to the Interests of the Petitioners, to this House all the Spanish and French Letters, and and their By-Laws: That since the Precept for the last other Papers, in his Custody, which lie took in the Mary, Election, in the room of Sir Thomas Darcey, deceased, or any other Prize, relating to any Trade, Commerce, or several Freedoms have been given; by which means, and Corrtspondence, with France. the great Partiality of the Bailiffs, who denied a Scrutiny

Resolved, That the further Examination of WTitnesses of the Poll, Sir Harvey has procured himself to

at the Bar of this House, upon the Articles against the be returned as the Petitioners Representative; although Lord Cojiingsby, and Sir Charles Porter, be adjourned Richard Esquire was duly chosen by the

" — Majority of legal Electors: And praying Relief, as the

House shall think fit, in order to prevent the like Inconveniencies for the future.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Petition be heard at the same time that the Merits of the Petition of And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Richard Hutchinson Esquire, touching the said Election, Morning, Nine a Clock. is appointed to be heard by the said Committee.

Ordered,

until Friday Morning next. Ten a Clock.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning

.Means. at 'Jen a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and for the Maintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

5 W. & M. 2 30 — 26° Decembris. 41

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for settling the Right in Elections; and for prevent-c‘ ing undue Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament: And that Mr. Godolphin, Sir John Dorell, Sir Jos. Ire-denham, Mr. Clark, and Sir John Moreton9 do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Man to Ordered, That Sir Charles Meredith do attend this

rnfixi. House on Friday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

I/a?e of Atonct.

Ordered, That Mr. John How have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

CoofclCJtCC'

lUSorn, A Bill for the creating a Court of Conscience in Hol-tc.Court of bourn Finsbury Divisions, in the County of Muidlefen:, was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, (:Yr; Ar?ef*>

9 fColonel Ferry:

Ullltl. T*»

| i*& H kxh

| A eaverst.

41.

Tellers for the Noes, .08.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Repeal of the 32d Article in the Act of 50 containing divers Orders for Artificers and others, relating to Weavers of Cloth, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Paper's, and Records.

yply Bill; A Bill to supply the Deficiency of the Money raised I MiIIhq M by a former Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Deficiency. Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Reconipences and Advantages to such Persons, as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France % and to impower any Persons to name a Second or Third Life for their Annuities, upon the Terms and Recompeuces therein mentioned; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That it be an Infiruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving further Time to the Contributors, that did not nominate their Nominees by the time appointed to nominate the lame.

|T nib for llrtafoa.

VftEast-

InLiCooi*

paj.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High-Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Rcfoked, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, at 'Pen a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the Ea Trade j and for creeling a new East India Company.

Ordered, That the Governor, or Deputy, of the East India Company, do then attend this House with tire old and new Charters of the said Company.

*mad The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-solvetl itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and for Maintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Ilesolution: which they hud Vol. XL 3

directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the same

Ordered, That the said Report be made the First Day of the next Sitting of the House, in the Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjourb-That the House be now adjourned until Tuesday Morning t*01, next.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,: } 93-

Tellers for tile . } 86.

So it w»as resolved in the Affirmative.

Martis,26* die Decembris;

5* Gulielmi et Marine.

Praters.

riRDERED, That Mr. Denton have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Ways and Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, Means, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet, and for Maintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Resolution of the said Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for carrying on the War, for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, a further Sum of Ten hundred thou land Pounds be charged upon Land.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for carrying on the War, for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, a further Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds be charged upon land.

Ordered, That Mr. Chivers have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Ways and ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Means, of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and for Maintenance of the Laud-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who Members to have not Leave to be absent, do attend their Service in attend, this House upon ThurJ'day Morning next.

Ordered, That Colonel Kirby, in Custody of the Ser- a Member jeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting him- discharged self from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of from custody*' Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Bill for registring Memorials of Kegiftry of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, be read the Second °eeds-time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

M

East of Jurors,

Leave of Absence.

Clippers of Coin.

Leave of Absence.

Encouragement of Sheriffs.

Insolvent

Debtors.

*W ays and Means.

Leather-

cutting,

28° — of Decembris. A. 1693-

Jovis, 28* die Decembris i

5® Gulielmi e* Mariee.

concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others occupying the Cutting of Leader: And the same was received; and read the First time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

Prayers.

ORDERED* That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Ease of Jurors, who serve at the Affixes for England and Wales i And that Mr. Waller do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Moriand have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Michadl Cole, who attended this

Day according to Order, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Mr. Bofcawen, according to Order, presented to the Vivian'.

House a bill to enable John Vivian Esquire, and Thomas Effete. Vivian his Son, to fell feme Part of their Estate, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for younger Children: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Waller, according to Order, presented to the Ease

House a Bill for the Eaie of Jurors, who la ve at the JUIWS* Assizes in England and Wales: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Waller, according to Order, presented to the House

a Bill for the better Discovery of Clippers of the Coin of tins Kingdom: And the same was received;....

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fleming have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Waller presented to the House a Bill for the better Encouragement of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Office: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded upon the Report of the Bill for explaining a former Act for Relief of poor Prisoners.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and for Maintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That

he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and for Maintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 29* die Decembris;

5° Guliehni et Marias.

Prayers.

COLONEL Golckcell, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the making more effectual a Statute made in the First Year of King James the Firfi, *9

Resolved, That this House will, on Wednesday Morning London Or-next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Phans fund the whole House, to eonfider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, touching the Orphans of the said City.

A Bill for registring Memorials of Deeds, Feoffments, Redfiry of Conveyances, and Wills, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Wharton, Mr. Clark, Mr. Wader, Mr.

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Slater, Mr. Sir

Molyneux, Mr. Harley, Mr. P. Foley, Mr. Mr.

Palmes, Sir Wm.Cooper, Colonel Sir 77/0. Littleton,

Sir Tho. Vernon, Lord Cornbury, Sir 7 Clarges, Sir

Cha. Sidley, Mr. Seobell, Mr. Eng fa?A, Mr. Boyle, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Luttcred, Mr. Colt, Mr. How, Mr.

Christie, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Sir

William York, Mr. Badges, Sir Jos. Mr.

Norreis, Sir Henry Vane, Sir IIa. Carr, Mr. Staines, Mr.

Chadwick, Sir Hairy Goff, Mr. Will mot, IV fr.

Mr. Polle.ijen, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Runlett. Sir Edward

Ayfcoagh, Sir Edward Huffy, Mr. Smith, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Shac/ccrley, Sir Fr. Drake, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Mr.

Newport, Mr. Cook, Mr. Carr, Mr. Price, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Edgar, Sir Cha. Raleigh: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Shaker's Chamber: And they are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Ways and Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, Means, to whom it was referred to eonfider of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to he grauted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and for Maintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Resolution of the said Committee: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the feme was read; and is as followed);

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee,

That, towards the Supplies to he granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, be granted to their Majesties, by charging each respective County with double the Sum returned charged by the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign of an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Year.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, be granted to their Majesties, by charging each relnective County with double the Sum returned charged by the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, for one Year.

Ordered,

5 W. £5* M. 29° — 30° Decembris. 43

1

1 (ip.

u

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Impeach- The House proceeded, according to the Order of the mu of Lord Day, in the further Examination of Witnesses, upon die SrC* «gain(t the Lord ConySir

‘ And the Fourth Article being read;

Several Witnesses were severally called in, and examined at the Bar to the lame.

And several other Letters, and other Papers, delivered in by the Earl of BeMamont, and the Witnesses, were also read, touching the Matter of the said Article.

And the House being informed. That Sir Charles Meredith, who was ordered to attend, was so sick, that he could not attend the House;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Sir Charies Meredith, upon the said Articles against the Lord Conyngsby, and Sir Cha.

And it is referred to Sir John , Mr. Hutchin-

son, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Colt, Mr. Palmes, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. , Sir

Littleton, or any Five of them.

Resolved, That the further Examination of Witnesses at the Bar of this House, upon the Articles against the Lord Conyngsby, and Sir Cha. Porter, be adjourned

until Tuesday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

Commit!*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

The House being informed. That Sir Thomas Cook, F.aft-India Governor of the East India Company, attended, accord- Company' ing to Order; Charters.

He was called in; and presented to the House Two of their Charters; the one, dated the Third of April, in the 13th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second $ and the other, dated the Eleventh of November last.

And being withdrawn;

The laid Two Charters were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Two Charters be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of tire Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade.

Ordered, That the Governor, or Deputy-Governor, of the East India Company, do lay before this House all the Charters of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Governor, or Deputy-Governor, of East India the East India Company, do lay before this House a true Company Copy of the Book of the new Subscriptions for the East India Company, to be nttefted by the Governor, or ,on ' Deputy-Governor, and Secretary, of the Company; and also a true Copy, from time to time, of the subsequent Subscribers, as they come in, to be att< ited in like manner.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House a true State of their present Stock, and a true Lift of the Persons interested therein; and also a true State of the Debts of the Company, and what Debts have been paid off by the Money paid in upon the new Subscriptions, and to whom, and to be attested by the Governor, or Deputy-Governor, and Secretary, of the said Company.

Sabbati, 30° die Decembris;

5# Gulielmi et Mariee.

Praters.

Encouraging f\RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Sumui. v for increasing of Seamen, and for encouraging of them tocoine voluntarily into their Majesties Service: Aud that Major Vincent do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Iweof Ordered, That Mr. Anchitell Gray have Leave to go Aiwe. into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

M-Mia A Petition of several Merchants, and others, concerned Tri"- in the Ship Redbridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners obtained an Order from her Majesty, in Council, for the Protection of 50 Seamen to go on the said Ship for Alicant; but, before fee could depart on her Voyage, the said Ship was stopt by the Admiralty, upon an Order obtained from the Privy-Council, upon the Petition of the East India Company, merely upon the Company's Allegation, That the said Ship was bound to Places within the Limits of their Charter: That such Proceedings are greatly prejudicial to all foreign Trade, and Navigation in general, and more particularly to the Petitioners, who, by the present Laws of the Kingdom, can have no Reparation: And praying, That the like Inconveniences may be prevented for the future.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade: And that they do report the Matter thereof specwlly, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House: And that they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

h>ran<) Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had !i>',lro® received a Letter, with a Packet leased up, from Captain £ Pedder.

And the same were opened; and the Letters anti Titles of the Papers in the Packet were read.

Vox.. XI.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manufacturers, East India in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, Trade, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and many hundred Families depending on them, have, during the present War, been much discouraged in carrying on their Trade; for that great Quantities of the Woollen Manufactures, which uled to be bought up for foreign Markets, lie dead in the Petitioners hands, to almost their utter Ruin: That the East India Company, intending to revive their ancient Commerce to China, and other Places, have, Within Three Months last, bought most of the Petitioners said Manufactures, and encouraged them to make more, which they intend yearly to buy, not only of the Petitioners, but of other cloathing Countries;

Therefore the Petitioners pray, That the East India Company's Trade, which is so advantageous to this Nation, may be encouraged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w>hole House, who are to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of Loiulon, relating to the East India Trade; and for erecting of a newr East India Company.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manufacturers, Ditto, in the County of Wilts,w as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Years, been much discouraged in their Trade, by reason great Part of their Cloths, which were used to be exported, have lain in their Hands; and thereby they have been disabled from employing the Spinners, Weavers, and other numerous Families depending on the Petitioners Trade, to their fad Extremities: That, for some Months since, the East India Company have bought up large Quantities of the Petitioners, and, as informed, other Countries Cloths, and have bespoke more, and promise to buy every Year; whereby the Petitioners are enabled to proceed chearfully in their Trade, and to preserve their poor Workmen from starving: The Petitioners therefore pray, That such Countenance may be given to the East India Trade, in Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures, as the House shall think convenient.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole Iioule, who are

30° Decembris. — 1° Jantiarii. A. 1693.

are to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of , relating to the

East India Trade; and for erecting of a new East India Company.

East India A Petition of several Linendrapers, and other Traders in Trade. East India Goods, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners for a long time have been

concerned in a profitable Trade in most Sort of East..

Goods, wherewith they were formerly supplied by the East India Company at reasonable Rates, until now of late several Persons, for their own private Intereils, have broke into the Trade of the said Company, contrary to their Charters, and also contrary to the Interests of the t Petitioners: And praying, That the House would settle and encourage the present East India Company, that the Petitioners may the better carry on their rei'pective Trades.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the several Petitions of the several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade; and for erecting of a new East India Company.

And it is referred to Mr. Buller, Mr. Chctxvynd, Sir H. Goodrich, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. B Mr. White, Sir Hen. Goff] Mr. Ryder, Sir Hi.Onslow, Mr. gerford, Sir Wilf.Laiofon, Mr. WiMr. Sir Fra. Maffam, Mr. Christy, Sir Richard Reynolds,

Mr. Bofcazoen, Mr. Newport, Lord Conyngsby, Sir Cha.

Keymish, Colonel Trelaivney, Sir Ch. Bloys, Lord Digby,

Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Sir

Ra. Dutton, Sir John St. Azvbin, Mr. Colmer, Mr. Frekc, Colonel Granville, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Fr. Drake, Mr.

Colt, Mr. Pollen, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Kendall, Sir Edward Huffey, Mr. Boyle, Colonel Perry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Freke have ----- ----- ----- --to go into Leave of

the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Abfeace.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Arundell the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Pai liament lor the Borough of Arundell in the County of Suffer, in the room of William Morley El'quire, deceased.

Ditto.

Protestants

Nat.

Ways and Means.

Committees.

Trish For* spitnres.

A Petition of several Packers, Dyers, Ilot-Pressers, Clotlnvoi kers, Drawers, Calenders, and others concerned in the Exportation of the Woollen Manufacture, Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Merchants having complained to the House of the present East India Company, ns the Petitioners conceive, upon Aliftakes, not knowing the numerous Families who have their foie Support by the Woollen Manufactures exported into foreign Parts by the said Company; and the Petitioners, notwithstanding the present War, having been greatly employed by the said Company, in preparing Woollens to be exported, whereby they, and their Families, have subsisted, and doubt not, in cate of a good Settlement of the said Company, of better Employment; they therefore pray, all Encouragement of the said Company, in their said Trade, may be given by the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade; and for erecting of a new East India Company.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Naturalization of all such Protestants, as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery, be read the Second time, upon Wednesday Alorning next, after Eleven a Clock.

Resolved., That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for Alaintenance of the Fleet, and for Alaintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 1® die;

5® Gulielmi et AfariaJ.

Prayers.

TDESOLVED, That a Committee be appointed, to A-\- receive Proposals concerning the Forfeitures in Ireland; and like wile for securing the Protestant Interest there: And that they do report the feme to this House.

Ordered, That Air. Tempest have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Abteuee.

A Bill to enable John Vivian Esquire, and V ivian'*

Vivian his Son, to fell feme Part of their Estate, for l-bute. Payment of Debts, and making Provision for younger Children, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Scobell,

Air. Dozcdefzcell, Mr. Bofcazoen, Mr. Bade, Mr. Buller, Major-General Trclazaley, Mr. Arnold, Colonel ney, Mr. Foley, Mr. Christy, Mr. Clark, Mr. Lloyd, Sir

Walter Young.Sir Cha. Keymish, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Lutterell, Mr. England, Sir JervElzves, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Clark, Mr. Waller, Mr. CraAir. Burridge, Mr. Colt, Mr. Caldwell, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Be are, Sir John Moreton, Sir Win. Ilonywood, Mr.

Batch, Mr. Blathwaite, Mr. ShacColonel Perry, Sir Fran.Drake; and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And it is to be an InstruCfcion to the Committee, That they do take a particular Care of the Equivalent mentioned to be settled by the Bill.

A Bill for the Ease of Jurors, who serve at the Assizes p.afe of in England and Wales, was read the Second time. Juror*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Waller,

Sir IViIf.Lazcfon, Mr. Travers, Mr. Lutterell, Air.

Bickerstaffc, Mr. Bedingfeild, Sir Fr. IVinington Sir

IVedler Young, Air Christy, Mr. Fenwick, Air.

Air. Clark, Mr. England, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Ryder,

Sir John Key, Mr. Cooke, Sir Bry. Stapleton, Mr. Bozcyer,

Sir Chr. Grenfeild, Sir Ro. Havers, Mr. Thornhaugh,

Air. Nicholas, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Jerv. Elzces, Air.

Bloys, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Serjeant JVogan, Mr. Bear, Colonel Perry, Air.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Ways and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Means, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for Alaintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir lliomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee,

That they had made feme Progress in the Alatter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Wednesday Alorning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole

5 W. & M. i4 — i — 3° 45

whole Ho'use, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Ctamiucts. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 2° die; 5* Gulielmi et Marise.

Praters.

Cipiatar /A IIDEli ED, That Leave be given to bring in a Dill

Fu*. \J j'on taking away the Fine in the several

Courts at Westminster.

Aifoof Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

the Laws that concern the Assize of Bread; and to prepare. and bring in, a Bill for making the same more

effectual.

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Lord William id, Mr. Slater, Mr. England, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Buwyer, Sir Jerv. Ehres, Mr. Hare try, Sir Fr.

Guihon, Mr. Christy, Mr, Mr.

Sir If,) 11. Scrnren, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Air.

White, Mr. Waller, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir John Fleet, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Air.

Hu/ger, Sir John Moreton, Mr. And they are

to meet tins Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impouered to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

nippers of A Bill for the better Discovery of Clippers of the Coin of this Kingdom was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Air. Foley, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Price,

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Haw Sir Sir

Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Slater, Mr. Air.

Mr. How, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Cook, Sir Fr. Guihon, Mr. Stokes. Air. Burdet, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Done, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bauyer, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Smith, Sir Stephen Sir 77/o. Roberts, Mr. England, Mr. Baile, Sir

feild, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Hutchinson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham have Leave to go into Atfcw. flie Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Oc-

calions.

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Alifprifion of Treason, being read j

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

fSir Tho. Roberts,

9'-

93-

Teller, for the Yea, A MAnirm,

Teller, for the NoeJS' Tnd?h'

'(Mr. Hungerford:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorning

next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of

the w hole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Try*!* for Treason.

The Order of the Day, for the House to proceed in the Impeach-further Examination of Witnesses to the Articles against jnmof Lord the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charles Poi'ter, being read; sfr cl.

Sir Rowland Gzryn reported, That the Committee, ap- port«r. pointed to take the Examination of Sir Charles Meredith to the said Articles, had taken the same accordingly!

The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read.

Then the House proceeded further in the Examination of Witnesses to the said Articles.

And several Witnesses were called in, and, at the Bar, severally examined to the said Articles.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of this Matter be adjourned until Tuefduy Alorning next, Ten a Clock.

A Aleffage from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and

Mr. Pitts:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this IToufe, Lords desire concerning Alatters relating to the last Summer's Expe- nt'onierenc*. dition at Sea, Tomorrow Alorning at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Rejoined, That the House doth agree to the Conference Conference desired by the Lords. agreed to.

And the Alefllngers were called in again And Air.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Commitie*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 3* die Januarii;

IVd*

failing

Ordered, That Mr. Wallis have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Hungerford, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the repairing the Highways within the Parish of St.Mary Islington: And the same was received; and read the Firli time.

And the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Dyers, Glals-makers, and Refiners of Gold and Silver, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there being a Bill in the House for the Importation of Saltpetre, (which, the Petitioners conceive, will be a general Good to this Kingdom); and the feme Iwing opposed by some few private Engrossers of that Commodity, for their O'.'/n Gain; the Petitioners pray, they may be heard, to offer their Realons to induce the House to pass the said Bill for One Year, or for such other time as the House shall think most convenient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, till the House shall resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre.

Vo L. XI.

5° Gulielmi etAlarias.

Praters.

RDERED, That Mr. Langlon have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of Absence. his Health.

A Bill for the better Encouragement of Sheriffs in the Encourage-Execution of their Office was read the Second time. ment of Resolved\That the Bill be committed to Air. Waller, shcr‘ff* Air. Hungeiford, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Sir John

Guise, Mr. Gohhcell, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Arnold, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. How, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Bickerjlaffc, Mr. Price, Mr. Bromley, Air.

Mr. Hawtry, Mr. England, Air, Cooke, Mr. Mr.

Lutterell, Mr. Wilhnot, Mr. Slater, Air. , Air.

Hutchinson, Sir Edward Htifsey, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Christy, Colonel Perry, Mr. Dyott, Sir John Knight, Lord Coningsby, Sir Edward Windham,

Sir Jacob Ashky, Sir Fran. Molyneux: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Alalter, Wardens, and Assistants, of Regifttring the Company of Eilhermen, on the River of,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, 011 vy*

N That

3* — 4° Janttarii. A. 1693.

Leave of Absence.

lulling

Siiips.

Mildmay'i

Estate,

That the Petitioners have been incorporated by Letters Pal exits ever tince the Tenth Year of Car. I.: That there are supposed to be about Ten thousand Men within the Company's Jurisdifition; and Apprentices, yearly taken, proportionally: So that One thousand Men may easily be raisied in one Year, for their Majesties Service at Sea, in case the said Company were enabled by Act of Parliament to compel their Members, in like manner, as the Rulers of the Watermen have over their Members: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for laying such Punishments on Persons of the said Company, as flia.il refuse, on- Summons, to come into their Majesties Service, as may compel them thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vice-Chamberlain do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Miller have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Bofcarcen presented to the House a Bill for the encouraging the building of good and defensible Ships: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Mary, Elizabeth, Jane, Arabella,

and Ann Mildmay, Daughters and Coheirs of Robert

Miidmay Esquire, deceased. was presented to the House, ap.d read; letting forth, That their said Father did, in his Life-time, contract several Debts upon Mortgage, and otherwise, whereunto his Estate is liable; which Estate is now, by the Death of Parties, vested in the Petitioners, who are all Infants, except Mary, who has been arrested for her Father's laid Debts since Ihe came at Age: That, what with Taxes, Interest, and other Iucident Charges, there is very little remaining to maintain the Petitioners, who can never fell the Estate to any Advantage, till they lliatl all come at Age, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to veil their said Estate in Trustees, to be sold for Satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon, and preserving the Overplus for their Benefit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Answer, That the same were before this House; their Lordships desire, that the said Proceedings may be transmitted to their Lordships.

Resolved, That the Papers laid before this House, by t the Command of his Majesty, be re-delivered to Mr.

Bridgman, Clerk of the Council.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, esquire further into the Miscarriages of the Fleet the la.lt Summer.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountague do go to the Lords Tomorrow Morning, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Naturalization of all Proliant* such Protestants as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, Kllt-and the Test against Popery, be read the Second time,. Tomorrow Morning, after Eleven a Clock.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways and whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means MedUI. for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had proceeded in the Matter to them referred; and directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lft again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare Committee Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, upon the.to piypare Amendments made to the Bill touching free and impar- ^iifcreiice tial Proceedings in Parliament, do fit Tomorrow Morning, at Nine a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all other Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

London Or- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning phans l-uiid. next, at Ten a Clock, resolve- itself into a Committee of whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, relating to the Orphans of the said City.

Importing Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Saltpetre. Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre.

Conference Resolved, That Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Clia. Sidley, with Lords. Colonel Goldwell, Mr. Roberts, Colonel Granville, Mr.

L)oiben, Mr. Foley, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Tho.

1 Ctarges, Mr. Mountague, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Hulchinjon, Mr. Palmes, Sir Eliah , Sir Edward

Hufscy, Mr. Hopkins, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Sir Cha. Porter, Mr. Smith, Colonel TitUs, Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Whitlock, Sir Roger Sir , do

manage the Conference Yesterday desired by the Lords.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Mountague reported, That the Managers had' attended the Conference: And that it w as managed by the Duke of Bolton, who acquainted them. That the Lords having made an humble Address to his Majesty, That he would plvafe to order, that such Proceedings as were lately in Council, or in ihe Committee of Council, relating to the Admiral^ or Sir George in the last

Summer's Expedition at Sea, might be laid before their Lordshipsahd his Majesty being plealed to return

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jotis, 4° die Januarii;

5* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

MR. Waller, according to Order, presented to the Capiatur House a Bill for taking away the Capiatur Fine *ine-in the several Courts at Westminster: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented Supply Bill; to the House a Bill for granting te their Majesties an Laild r"x-Aid, for carrying on a vigorous War against FranceAnd the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Major Vincent, according to Order, presented to the Ei coura^inj House a Bill for Increasing of Seamen, and for En- Stamen, couraging them to come voluntarily into their Majesties.

Service: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Sir Rushout Cullen Baronet was presented Cambridge to the House; letting forth, That the Petitioner was. *-leftiun-

duly

5W.#M.

4* — 5* Jamarii.

47

duly chosen a Knight of the- Shire for the County of Ordered, That Sir Math. Andrews and Air. Bertie be Duchy of Cambridge, in the place of Sir Levinas Bennet, deceasedadded to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable their Cornwall 6ut the Lord Cults, by illegal Practices, did procure Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, ^ea®n8*

procure

Biml'elf to be returned as-duly choleu, in Wrong to- the Petitioner: And praying/ the House to take the Matter into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Examination and Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do report the Matter thereof, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Holt have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Lauds, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cornwall; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made j. is committed:

Ordered, That all Committees be revived: Committe*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

i.7

ci.e-

A

Lav* of Aitkuce.

Un Sir Edward Seymour, according to Order, presented 'Uu^urt- to the House a Bill to revive the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read & Second time upon this Day Sevennight, after Eleven a Clock.

i'M'j

tide.

frteliants

:uU

Veneris, 5* Jamutrii;

5* Gufielmi et Marias.

Praters.

SIR Robert Cotton reported from the Committee, to Chaplain'* whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition- of Susan Chaplin, Widow, on behalf of herself, and Dorothy her Daughter, was referred, That they had examined and considered the same accordingly; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to A^Message from the Lords by Sir Robert Legari and report to House; and which he read in his Place; r ii.k u.ij. anj afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That a Bill be brought in for Sale of the Estate of the said Susan Chaplin, and her Daughter, for Payment of Debts, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly.

Sir Lacon William Chitd:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify the Trustees of James Clayton Esquire for joining with him in felling Lands, for Payment of his Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then foe Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the Naturalizing of all such Protestants as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery, was read the Second' time.

And- the Question being put, That the Bill be committed: The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}i63

|l28

Tellers for the Yeas, j Ew^S

rp , XT /Sir Robert Dovers,

Tellers for the Noes,|sjr MKmgkt.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Ordered, That the Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars Hawker* be read the Second time upon Tuej'day Morning next, 1>edlurs-after Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That Colonel Goldwell, Mr. Harcourt, Ser- Irift For-jeant IVogan, Mr. Guyn, Mr. Colmer, be added to the tenures. Committee, to w hom it is appointed to receive Proposals concerning the Forfeitures in Irel; and likewise for securing the Protestant Interest there.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Bomardifion have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Ten Days, for Recovery of his Absence. Health.

"nttenre r.LII Lord*.

fa consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Mountague reported, That he had, according to

V«I Eall-

lijCom-

n

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Number of Hackney Hackney Coaches in the Cities of London and poach Regv*

Ibe Order of this House Yesterday, desired a- Conference minster, and Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of k1100* with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the last Con- Mortality, be read the Second time, upon Wed ufday

ference: And that the Lords anfivered, That they would Morning next, after Eleven a Clock,

return Mi Anfiver by Messengers of their own. t, _ ,. yt# *n ~ An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Clayton'*

Resolved, That this House will) upon SaturdcwM<xti\n % intJemnify the Trustees of James Clayton. Esquire, for Estate. nexl^ at Elevm a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee j0jning with him in felling Lands for Payment of Ins

of the whole House, to consider of the Peution of several JDebts, was read the First rime.

Merchants, and others, in and about the City c d London, That m be read, a Second tijne. relating to the East India Trade; and for erecting of a . 1

new East-Indin Company.

EiMaia I TJUj'S

Cxary

Vm ind

Fiwii.

c

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Apprehend-of a more effectual Way of apprehending and punishing ing High-of Highwaymen: And they to report their Opinion waymea-therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Clark, Mir. How, Mr.

Mr. Waller, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Gray',

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Ri. Onslow, Mr. England,

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning Sir Walt Young, Mr. Cook, Lord Digby, Mr. Biddulpk,

at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Sir Hen. Goff, Colonel Titus, Sir Fr. Drake, Mr. Bouyer,

whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Sir Mat Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Palmes,

for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, BlMr. Christy, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edward

for Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, foa Huff'ey, Sir , Sir Wilf. , Mr. Bedingfetid,

>1. 0 c.i vr r~ 1 Tkif-IA. 11_.A 1 1_____. i a r. . n

Ordered, That the Governor, or Deputy-Governor, erf the East India Company, do, upon Saturday Morning next, lay before tins House all the Charters of the said Company, and the several Papers, which they were, on Saturday last, ordered to lay before this House.

« -i

far

i.'tik.

the Service of the Year 1694.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mbnday Morning next, after the Call of Hie House is over, resolve itself intef a Committee of the' whole House, to consider of the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Vox,. XI,

Mr. Fuller .* And- they are to- meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Edward Hujfey reported from the Committee ap- Conference pointed to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with Lord*, with the Lords, for disagreeing to an Amendment made

by

by the Lords to the Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, That they had prepared Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

That the leaving out the last Proviso, with Part of the Clause preceding, and supplying the Whole with Words that have no Relation to the said Proviso, is not generally . practised in Cafes of Amendments.

That the Speaker of the House of Commons, being frequently a Person eminent in the Law, is, by his constant Attendance in that Chair, hindered from his Practice in the Courts below; so that, if he be made incapable of other Office or Employment, the Commons, in the Choice of their Speaker, will prejudice the Person they design for that Employ.

Ordered, That Sir Ed do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference upon the Subject-Matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill.

Capiatur Ordered, That the Bill for the taking away the Capiatur Fi*e. Fine in the several Courts at be read the

Second time, after Eleven a Clock.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid, for carry-Laad Tax. ing on a vigorous War against France, was, according to the Order of the Day, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Lords agree Sir Edward Huffey reported. That he having, according to Confer- to the Order of the House, desired a Conference with the *"ce‘ Lords; the Lords tlo agree to the same presently, in the

Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee, who prepared the Reasons to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Edward Huffey reported, That the Managers had attended the Conference, and given their lleafons, and left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

Strangwayes, a Member of this House, hath been arrefeed by Thomas Croft Attorney, Philip Short and George Edwards Bailiffs, at the Suit of John Bush junior, and carried to, and detained in Prison, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said John Bush, Thomas Croft, Philip Short, and George Edwards, be lent for in Custody of the Serjbant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That the said Jonathan Brimhle be discharged out of Prison: And that Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Applcyard have Leave to go into L?ave of the Country, for Recovery-of his Health. Abieoce.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the House Mildma/s a Bill to velt the Estate of Mary, Elis. Jane, Arabella, tlUite* Lucy, and Anne Alildmay, in Trustees, to be sold for Satisfaction of Alortgages and Debts thereupon; and preferring the Overplus for their Benefit: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for building good and defensible Ships, was read Building the Second time. Ship*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Air. Fenwick, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Harley, Air.

Arnold, Colonel Strangwayes, Mr. Air.

Colonel Perry, Lord Curnbury, Sir Fleet, Mr.

Gilbert, Sir John Banks, Mr. Frcke, Mr. Fuller, Sir WdliamCooper, Sir Fr.Guibon, Mr. Cooke, Sir Andrews, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Sir Richard

Hurt, Sir John Aloreton, Mr. Goldie ell. Air.

Mr. Luttercll, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Pride; and all the Members of the House that are Merchants, and that serve for the Sea-port Towns:

And they are to meet on Alonday next in the Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Air. Price, according to Order, presented to the House Execution of a Bill for the better Execution of Justice within the ln Principality and Dominion of Wales: And the same was received.

Land Tax. Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do lay before this House the several Sums returned into the Exchequer, charged upon the several and respective Counties upon Land, and likewise, upon Offices, and personal Estates, in each County, in pursuance of an Act made in the Fifth Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, for One Year.

Free Pro- A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and ceedings in Air. Holford:

Parliament. Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded to acquaint this House, That the Lords do not insist upon their Amendment; but have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Alonday Aloming Land Tax. next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 6* die Januarii;

5° Gulielmi et Alariae.

Praters.

.Brivilege. A COMPLAINT being made to this House, That il Jonathan Brimble, a menial Servant to Colonel

A Petition of Sarah Stevens, Widow, on the behalf of Stevens'* Henry and William Stevens, Infants, Sons of William Stevens, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That William the Father, being foiled in Fee of an Estate in Greenwich, of about 160/. per Annum, consisting chiefly in Houses, and only 44/. per Ann. thereof in Land, did mortgage the same for 2,450/.:

That, since the Death of the said William the Father, the said Estate, and Equity of Redemption, is defeended to

the said Infants; and if the Estate be not speedily fold,

and the Mortgages discharged, the Estate will be eaten:

up thereby, and by Reparation of the Houses; and will

be of no Benefit to the said Infants: And praying Leave

to bring in a Bill for Sale of the said Estate, for Payment

of the Mortgages thereupon; and applying the Overplus

for the Benefit of the said Infants.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Gold-well, Sir Sam. diston, Colonel Perry, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Luttercll, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Frcke, Sir Edward Abney, Sir Lawful,

Mr. Hutchinson, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Arnold, Sir Hart, Mr. Price, Sir William WoganSir Cha. Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Tho. Roberts; and all the Members that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet on Alonday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Aloryng Way* and next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and.

Aleans for raising the Supplies to be granted to their

Majesties,

5W.tf M.

6" — 8° Januani.

49

Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land- Bill for securing and establishing their Trade, according

Urn of

ktitlk'f.

forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrctrd have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

it

FuMndia The House being informed, That Sir Thomas Cook, uupmjr. Governor of the East India Company, attended according to Order;

He was called in; and presented to the House several Charters, formerly granted to the East India Company; with a List of them: And also,

A Copy of the Book of new Subscriptions for Seven hundred Forty-four thousand Pounds; appointed by their Majesties Royal Charter of the Eleventh of November last, to be added to the present East India Stock: And also,

A true State of the East India Company's present Stock, the 5th Day of January instant: And also,

A State of the Money paid of what was owing by the Company, at Interest, since the Seventeenth Day of November last, to the First Day of January instant: And also,

The Names of all the Adventurers in the East India Company, with their rel'pefitive Adventures: And also,

An Account of several Adventurers, who did not pay in the Fifty Pounds per Cent, additional Stock, in May and June last: And allb,

An Account of Money owing by the East India Company to several Persons, at Interest, the First Day of January instant.

And he also presented to the House a Petition of the East India Company.

And being withdrawn;

The laid Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, have for a long time exercisod the Trade to the East Indies, by virtue of several Charters granted unto them; which hath been carried on with great Expence and Hazard, to the Honour and Profit of this Kingdom, without Interruption, until of late Years several Interlopers have broke in upon them, to the great Damage and Discouragement of the Petitioners, and contrary to the Pra6lice of other Nations trading to those Parts: That their Majesties did, in November last, by the Advice of their Privy-Council, upon serious Consideration, grant to the Petitioners a Charter under several Regulations, agreeable to what this House formerly proposed concerning the said Trade: And, in purliiance thereof, a Book for new Subscriptions having been laid open, for the adding of Seven hundred Forty-four thousand Pounds to the present joint Stock of the Company, the same hath had such a general Acceptation, that the whole Sum- is subscribed, and paid in: And praying, That the House will countenance and support their said Trade, according to their Majesties said Charters, by such Methods as the House shall think moll convenient.

The Heads or Titles of the said other Papers were read.

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, new Subscribers to the additional Stock of the East India Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting

to their Charter, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the'laid several Petitions be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade, and for erecting a new East India Company is referred.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself New East-into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Indm ^oin* laid Petition, was read.

Refulved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Papillion do take the Chair of the said Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

fSir Walter Young, )i38.

[Mr. Dryden:

fMr. Brewer, |io6.

[Mr. Shackerly:

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Then the House, according to the said Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Papillion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Papillion reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next, after the Call of the House.

Mr. Papillion allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade; and for erecting a new East India Company.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the Floufe adjourned till Monday Momin Nine a Clock.

Committees.

o*

Luna, 8' die Januarii; 5° Gulielmi et Marite.

Praters.

jy^R. Bofcazcen reported from the Committee, to whom Vivian's

the Bill to enable John Vivian the elder, Esquire, and Thomas Vivian, to fell feme Part of their Eliate, for forth, That their Majesties have been pleased to grant Payment of Debts, and making Provision for younger

Children, was committed, That they

their Charter to the said Company, under certain Regu lations, to the Petitioners great Satisfaction; and thereby have appointed that 744,000 /. be added to the general joint Stock of the said Company, for the better carrying on the said Trade, and for making it more national: That the Petitioners taking notice, that this House did formerly declare, That the East India Trade was a beneficial Trade to this Kingdom; That a Company to trade thither be dtablished by Act of Parliament; and That the Regulations in the said Charter are consonant to the Sense of this House; have been thereby encouraged to fttbscribe the whole 744,000 /.: And praying, That, in order to the better Management of the said Trade for the future without Interruption, Leave may be given for bringing in a Vol. XI.

had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And that the Consent of the Parties appeared by a Writing under their Hands and Seals: And he read the said Amendments in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for the better Execution of Justice within the Execution of Principality of Wales, was read the First time. Justice in

O - Wale*'

§* Jaiiuarii. A. 1693.

Resolved, That the 6ifl be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Edmimd have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country, for Recover^ of his Health.

Preventing Mr. Culliford presented to the House a Bill for the Export of preventing the Exportation of Bullion: And the

u lon" same was received; and read the First time.

And, an Exception being taken thereunto, by reason that a Penalty was inserted therein, which should have been with a Blank y

Ordered, That the Bill be withdrawn: And that Mr. Culliford do prepare, and bring in, another Bill to the House, Tomorrow Morning.

Land Tax. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, presented to the House, according to Order, an Account of several Sums returned into the Exchequer, charged upon the several and respective Counties, upon Land, Offices, and personal Estates, in each County, in pursuance of an Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for a Grant to their Majesties of an Aid of Two Shillings in the Pound, for one Year.

Wigan Writ. Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do take care, that the Writ, for electing of a Burgel's to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wigan in the County Of Lancaster, be, without further Delay, sealed Tomorrow; and be immediately after sent to the Chancellor of the County Palatine of Lancaster.

CiBfVan- Mr. Smith, according to Ofder, presented to the House chifing af Bill to disable the Borough of Stock-bridge, in the County Stockbndge of Southampton, to lend Burgc-lles to serve in Parliament: orouK And the same was received; and read the First time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon ThurslayMorning next, after Eleven a Clock.

a Copy, as he said it was, of the Petition of the East India Company to her Majesty (taken out by his Solicitor, and marked, to be examined by him the Thirtieth of October raft,) informing her Majesty, " That there had been lately obtained of their Majesties in Council, and the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High-Admiral of England, a Permission and Protection for the said Ship Redbridge, with Fifty Seamen, to proceed on a

pretended Voyage to Aticantin; and that they had

had Notice, that the said Ship was really bound, not for Alicant, but to the East Indies, or other those Parts and Places, the foie Trade whereof was granted to the Company by their Majesties Charter; and that the said Proceedings were as well in contempt of their Majesties Government, and the known Laws, of this Kingdom, as to the very great Prejudice of the Company: And there-foie prayed, That a Stop might be put to the said Ship, till her Majesty should be satisfied where (lie was really bound." And also,

A Copy of an Order, taken out, and marked, in like manner, made upon the said Petition; whereby it was ordered by her Majesty in Council, " That' the said Ship should be immediately Hopped from proceeding in her pretended Voyage to Alicant, or elsewhere, until further Order from the Board; and that the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and Commissioners of the Admiralty, should give necessary Directions accordingly."

Air. 7 Icathcottbeing aiked, Whether the said Ship was

not, before the new Charter was granted to the Company, designed, or intended, for the East Indies? He said, He was only an Owner, and did hot think it any Sin to trade to the East Indies; and would trade thither,-till there vvas an Act of Parliament to the contrary.

And that thereupon the Committee came to a Rcfo-lution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

Call of the House.

London

Orphans

Fund.

Tryals for Treason,

New East India Company.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Until Alonday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, at Ten a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Alayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, relating to the Orphans of the said City.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itlllf into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High-Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Mr. Papillioh, according to the Order of the Day,

reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of , relating to

the East India Trade; and for erecting a new East India Company; and to whonfi was referred the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of several Merchants, Snd others, concerned in the Ship Redbridge; That the Committee had proceeded to examine, and consider, thd AIalter of the said Petition, touching the said Ship: The tvlfich he reported specially to the House, as followeth; iiiz.

That Three of the Petitioners, James Bateman, Benjamin Rookby, and William Heattended: And,

Mr. Bateman said, That the said Ship was, by Order Of Council, the One-and-twentieth of October last, stopped from going her Voyage until the Ninth- of November; 6nd that Four Ships friore, which were obliged to go with that Ship, lay in the Downes for some time also; but that Orders were given afterwards to those Ships to fail; and they did so, with the Strc/ghls Fleet.

That he produced, and delivered in, to the Committee,

Resolved, That, upon Examination of the Matter touching the flopping the Ship Redbridge, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the flopping of the said Ship is a Grievance, a Discouragement to Trade, and contrary to the known Laws of this Kingdom.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this Matter be rc-cotnuiitted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,|‘)j-Jj

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That this Matter be re-committed to the Committee of the whole House, which is to fit upon Wednesday Morning next, to consider further of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and al>out the City of London, relating to the East-Iiulia Trade; and for erecting of a new East India Company.

The Certificate presented to the House, from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, was read.

Ordered, That the same do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, SupplvE resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to Liuii Ta Consider of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker efumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Alatter to thetu referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

o

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the liiid Bill.

14 ,

:1 Goldwell, I Perry: nith, lark:

ffii.

5W.^M. 8" — 9®

Crtumittto. Ordtrtd, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 9° die Januarii;

5* Gulielmi et Mari®.

PRA YES S.

Fna*.*«k A PETITION of the Frame-work-knitters in and kuucn. x\. about the Town of on the behalf of

themselves, and others of the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners were incorporated by King Charles the Second, in the 15th Year of his Reign; and that the Matter, Wardens, &;c. of their Company, living constantly in , have,

by many By-Laws, imposed severe Penalties on the Petitioners; compelling them to come to London for their Freedoms; chuffing the Petitioners for their Stewards, when they please; which Office is only expensive; and laying great Fines upon Refusal to serve therein; io that by their By-Law they raiie about 2001, per amongst the Petitioners, who have no manner of Benefit thereby: And praying Relief in the Premises; and the Money so raised may be applied to let the Poor of their Trade in the Country, who are very numerous, to work.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Society, of the Art or Mystery of Frame-work-knitters, in the Cities of London and IV?stminster, and Kingdom of England, and Dominion of /Vales, is referred.

ah Eli*«. A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of

the incorporated Company of Clothiers, within the City Ooth of Worecster, was presented to the House, and read;

e,mn' setting forth, That the Woollen Manufacture is of so great Advantage to this Nation, that several Acts of Parliament have been formerly made to' prevent the Exportation thereof, and of Fullers-Earth, or Fulling-Clay: notwithstanding which Laws, great Quantities of FulJers-Earth have been lately exported to under Colour

of Potters-Clay; which, if not timely prevented, will inevitably ruin the Cloathing Trade of this Nation: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for prohibiting the Exportation of all Potters-Clay, and Scouring-Earth.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the livid Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Repeal of the Thirty-second Article in the Act of ,5® containing divers Orders for Artificers and others, relating to Weavers of Cloth, is committed; and to which Committee Power was given to bring in a Clause in the livid Pill, to prevent the Exportation of ail Earth and Clay whatsoever.

f reer'j A Petition' of Charles Turner Elriuire was presented bn to the House, and read; letting forth. That the' Petitioner is possessed for Life of several Estates, which lie distant from each other, in several downs within the County of Nor/dike; the Remainder to the Petitioner's first and other Sons, in Tail Male, successively: That the Petitioner is likewise seised of an entire Estate in Fee, in the same County,'of greater Value; and hath divers' Children; lb that he mult ft-11 his entire Estate, to provide for his younger Children; anti leave the distant Estates to-defeend to his eldtft Son: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for settling the Inheritance of some Parts of his Estate, which lie dispersed, in him (elf: and settling an entire Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uies that the other Estate ltands now settled.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideratiorr of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein- to the House.

Vol. XI.

Januarii

And it is referred to Mr. Bcddhrgfielet, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Bfojicld, Mr. Arnold\ Sit Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Thornhaugh,

Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Walpoole, Mr.

Hedger, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Brraer, Mr. Gold-well. Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Christy, Mr. Slater, Mr.

Waller, Sir Fran. Gaibon, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Holt,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Hawtry, Mri Bromley; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolke:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Hearing, touching the Election for Clithero the Borough of Clithero in the County of Lancaster, £lection* before the Committee of Elections and Privileges, be put oft* from Friday till Monday next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to Lancl fax* consider further of the Bill for granting to their Majdties an Aid, for carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some further Progress upon the said Bill; and had met with great Difficulties therein, in charging each County with double what the same was charged with upon the Act for Two Shillings in the Pound: And therefore ddired Instructions from the House how to proceed thereto.

Resolved, That the said Committee of the whole House be at liberty to alter the Bill, which is now framed for charging upon every County double the Sum of what was returned charged upon the Act of Two Shillings in the Pound; and to frame the same into a Bill of Four Shillings in the Pound.

Sir Thomas Littleton aho acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a (dock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houlb, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Way* and at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mliahs. whole House, to consider further ot Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be gr anted to their Majdties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, lor the Service of the Year 1694.

Ref deed, That the House do immediately fefolve itself Supply Bill; into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ^bllion Bill' to flip ply the Deficiency of the Money raised by a eticlLHcy* former Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Ma* jesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France; and to impower any Persons to name a Second or Third Life for their Annuities, upon the Terms and Recompences therein mentioned.

! And accordingly the House resolved itself into a Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas.Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress ill the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they might have

Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the) laid Bill.

Ordered, That Lord Cults, Sir Isaac Reborn, Sir Fra. W00I-Hiafsum, Mr. Reynolds, Mf. Bade, Mr: Smfen'd, Mr. -comber*, &c.

Handy,

5*

9°- — i o° Januarii.

A. 1693.

Hirwtry, Mr. Gilbert, be added to the Committee, to JVtyping, the Inhabitants of Wapping did erect a Chapel,

Impeach

whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Wool-combers, and Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, is referred.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the Articles

which was duly confocrated, and ever since hath been maintained by voluntary Subscriptions amon« themselves, with an Allowance to a Minister, without one Peny Allowance from the present Rector of though he hath constantly received his full RateTythe for IV typing> w'ho hath had no Benefit of his Cure: That

went of-Lord against the Lord Comngsby, and Sir Charles Porter, be the Inhabitants of Wapping have ever cholen their own

Coningsby,

drc.

Committees.

adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Eleven a Clock. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ease of Jurors.

M

Officers, been charged by the Commissioners of the County, and assessed for King's Taxes, as if it had been a distinct Parish of itself: That, by an Increase of 1,500 new-built Houses w ithin the Hamlet of Whitechapd, the Revenue of the said Rectory, which io 1660, was not worth above 350 I. per Ami. is now worth near 600 I. per Ann.: That, within Twenty Years last part, there hath happened, within the Hamlet of Wapping, Three dreadful Fires, which consumed to the Value of 100,000l.; which has much impaired the Estates of divers of the principal Inhabitants: That, by reason of their said Lofi'es and Losses by Sea, during the present Wars, being tnolt sea-

Mercurii, 10* die Januarii;

5* Gulielini et Mari®.

Praters.

R. JValier reported from the Committee, to whom farin§ Men' and t!‘e Increase of their Poor, they are not Ease of Jurors, who serve at the able to pay Rate-Tythes to the said Rector, and maintain

their own Minister: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for Endowment of a Church at Wapping, and making of it Parochial, and distinct from under such Provisions as shall be thought reasonable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Littleton do prepare, and bring in the fame.

the Bill for the Assizes for England and Wales, was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read iu his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Clayton's

Eliate.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Thurborne have Leave to Loave of go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Absence. Health.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace: And that Sir JoJTrtdenham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leave of Abfeace.

Preventing Export of Bullion.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, an Act to indemnify the Trustets of James Clayton Esquire, for joining with him in foiling Lands for Payment of his Debts, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JValier,

Major Vincent, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Lut-

terell, Mr. Freke, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. England, Sir

Gerv Elzces, Mr. Haw, Sir Cha. Keymish, Sir Fr. Guibon,

Sir JViIf.Lawson, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hawtry, Sir:

Mr. I Iutchinfon, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Slater, Mr. Christy, Mr. Speaker,

Mr. Thornhaugh: And they are to meet this After- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

noon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. to repeal a Clause in the Statute made in the 34th and

35th Years of King the Eighth, by which Justices

Ordered, That Colonel Bridger have Leave to go into of Peace in Wales are limited to Eight in each County,

Delays at Quarter S*f-tions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and justiCM of

Fence in Wales.

the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Culliford, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for preventing the Exportation of English Bullion: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Mifcan-bgt* night, at Ten a Clock, take into their further Considera- of the llcet-tion the Mifoarriages of the Fleet the last Summer.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- importing Royal Mines. A Bill to prevent Disputes and Controversies concern- night, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Saltpetre, ing Royal Mines was read the Second time. the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Importation

Re solved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shackerly, of Saltpetre.

Sir John Key,' Mr. Culliford, Sir Ch.Greenfield, Sir Richard Middleton, Sir Ra. Carr,

Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Hun^erford, . — , ——

Pollexfm, Colonel Deane, Mr. GoUkcell, Mr. Thorn- minster, and Borough of Southwark, and weekly Bills ot hough, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Cha. Keymish, Mortality, be read the Second time upon this Day Mr. Taylor; Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Burdet, Fortnight.

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Number of Hackney

', Mr. Arnold, Mr! Hackney Coaches in the Cities of London and /Vest- Coaches.

Mr. Pollen, Mr. Jeffryes, Lord Digby, Sir Hen. Goff, Mr. Fuller, Sir Fr. Guibon, Major Vincent, Mr. Cook, Colonel Perry, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Biddulph, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Lutterell-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself New East-into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further bidia Com-of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade.

of Devon, Cornwall, and Principality of Wales: And they and A fo1r erecting a new Company, was read,

to meet Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock in the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do

are

St. John, of

Wappiing,

Parish.

Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Hamlet or Chapelry of Wapping, in the Parish of St. Mary Matfellon, alias Whitechapd, in the County of ,was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That about the Year 1617, the said Parish of Whitechapd, being much increased, and the Church above a Mile distant from

leave the Chair.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, f,r«he

Te«ers for«heNoes.{"^. So it passed in the Negative.

116.

1C8.

Resolved,

5 W. & M.

i o° — ii°

53

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the (kid Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

V'".vs ifld

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year lb 04.

Mr. Speaker left the ('hair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Replied, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

famitties. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jotis, 11* die Januarii;

5* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

AP E TITIO N of the Clothiers, about Halifax in Yorkshire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by a Statute made in the 12th Year of King Charles the Second, the Exportation of Wool, Fullers Earth, and Tobacco-pipe-Clay, are prohibited under certain Penalties, therein mentioned; yet nevertheless, divers great Quantities of those Commodities are daily exported into France and Holland-, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the Nation in general: And praying, That a Stop may be put to the Exportation of Wool, and Fullers Earth.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal the 3 2d Article in the Act of 50 containing divers Orders for Artificers and others, relating to Weavers of Cloth, is committed; and to which Committee Power was given to bring in a Clause in the said Bill, to prevent the Exportation of all Earth and Clay whatsoever.

;J] fJlZ. Mpefting noth Wea« Ttra,

m 01

.14.

Ordered, That Sir Edward have Leave to go

into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Vivian Esquire, and Thomas Vivian his Son, to tell some Part of their Estate, for Payment of Debts, and making Provssion for younger Children; and for settling another Estate, in lieu thereof; was read the T hird time.

A Petition of Sir Charles Holt Baronet, Son and Heir Holt's EOat*. of Sir Robert Holt Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner's Father, in 1655, and 1658, mortgaged several Manors, to James Perrott Gentleman, for securing 5,006/.; and, as a collateral Security, acknowlegded a Recognizance in Chancery for 8,000l.; which Mortgage and Recognizance was, in 1664, assigned to Andr Esquire, for 5,000l. as his own Money: That, in 1672, the Executors of John Coke Esquire claimed the said 5,000 /. as Part of his personal Estate, placed out in Mr.

Name, in Trust for Mr. Coke; and, after Ten Years Contell, andfeveral Hearings in the Exchequer, obtained a Decree against Mr. Fountaine for the said Money; and that he should assign the said Mortgage and Recognizance to them; and decreed the said Executors to be Executors in Trust for Edu ard Coke Esquire. an Infant, now living:

That Edward Coke obtained a Decree, in Trinity Term last, against the Petitioner, to pay what was due on the ft id Securities, by Michaelmas 1694, or be foreclosed of the

Equity of Redemption: That Mr. Fountaine haih stood in Contempt of the said Decree for Eleven Years, and will not assign the said mortgaged Estate, but has received near 3,000l. out of the Rents thereof; and the Petitioner has been compelled to pay 5,000 /. more for Interest, and is desirous to pay what is due; and yet is like wholly to lose his Estate, because he is disabled to fell, and can have no Remedy, as advised, by the present Laws, or otherwise than by Act of Parliament: And praying. That Leave may be given for the bringing in a Bill for diverting the said Securities out of Andrew Fountaine Esquire, and others, and veiling the same in Trustees, for raising and paying the Money remaining due upon the said Securities, and aligning the Residue of the Estate incumbred therewith to the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. John Gray, Sir John waring, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Goldwell, Lord Dighy, Sir

Fra. Guibon, Mr. Christy, Colonel MMr.

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bromley, Sir Math. Andrews, Air.

Smith, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Hutchinfim, Sir Hen. Gough, Sir John Moreton, Air. ye, Air.

Biddu/ph, Mr. Tho. Foley, l)r. Barbon, Mr. Sir

Tho. Middleton, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. , Mr. Burdet,

Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Jon. Raymond, Mr. Air.

Lewes, Mr. Serjeant JVogan, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Stafford, Mr. Papit/ion, Mr. Notreys, Mr.

Ph. Foley; and all the Alembers thatferve for the Coun-

ties of Stafford and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable RogerWhitley Esquire, and Thomas Whitley Esquire, to exchange certain Lands, of equal Value: And that Mr. Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Whitley

Elbite.

Mr. Foley, from the Commissioners for stating the pub- Proceedings lick Accounts, acquainted the House, That they had taken of Commis-

And several Amendments being proposed to be made, several Examinations, touching the Embezilment of Goods

n:.

Prels 3.1. 20. before " Vivian," to insert " Saint;" Press 4.1. 41. before " Breock, to insert " Saint;"

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be An Act to enable John Vivian Esquire, and Thomas Vivian his Son, to fell some Part of their Estate, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for younger Children; and for settling another Estate, in lieu thereof.

VOL. XI.

out of a French Prize, taken by their Majesties Ship the Monmouth; the Substance whereof he delivered in Wriicing in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, on the 19th of July 1693, their Majesties Ship the Monmouth, Captain Peter Pickard Commander, took a French Ship of about 120 Ton, to the Westward of Cape Fmister, which came from St. Domingo in Hispaniola in America, laden with Sugar, Tobacco,

Hides, Indico, and Cotton, bound for Rochell: At which Time, James Hockley, Quarter-Afafter of the Monmouth, P one

11° Jartuum.

A, 1693.

Proceedings of Commissioners of Accounts.

one of the Captain's own Witnesses, -lays, the Prize was Roll weighing about 50 Pounds; and a Parcel of Hides in good Condition, as he thought; she was pumped but were afterwards told at Torbay for about 15 /. and tome once in the Afternoon, and but twice the next Day. Cables there to Captain for 2b I.; At Plymouth,

About Two Days after. Captain Pickard took out of a whole Suit of the Prize's Sails, which helped to his Pocket the Act of Parliament conoeming Prizes, and make up, was sold by the Captain: At IVthe Guns gave it to the Matter, Samuel Goodman, and said, the Act were fold for 28 '/. paid to the Captain by the Gunner, was so strict, that no Plunder or Embezilment must be The Monmouth coming into Helens, the 19th of Sep-made of the Goods; but the next Day, Richard Hunchins, tember, some small Parcels of Tobacco and Cotton werfc Mailer's Mate, coming down with a Frenchman, Car- delivered to the Prize-Officers; who, soon after coming on penter to the said Prize, where James Hockly lay, whom board, seized some Indigo, Tobacco, Cotton, and Sugar, they supposed to be asleep, the said Htmckins asked the in the Store-Room in the Monmouth; which, being lock'd, French Carpenter, If he could break open the Scuttle; and they were forced to break open, by Order of the Ad-in what fort of Calk the Indico lay? And, when the French miral, Liberty to search having been first refused. Carpenter gave him an Account of what Size the Calks The Captain being told what Informations were against were, he said, They were too big to be conveyed into a him, answered. He owned the taking out of the Goods; Chest: Upon which the Carpenter broke open the Scuttle; for which he pretended Necessity, by reason of the Dif-and several Barrels of Indico were taken out and put into tress of the Ship: That he did put some of the Goods oft Chelis, and brought on board the Monmouth, with some board the Gcnoeje, and Rear-Admiral Vender-Goes; blit Oranges, Arms, and other Things; after which the pretended, he had no Knowledge what the Quantities Scuttle was nailed down. were; he trusted to Vender-Goes; and the Genoe/e pro-

While they continued at Sea, before they came to Ire- mifed, before he went off, to give a Bill of Lading, but land, the Prize being towed, it was alleged by the Cap- did not; nor would he own, to the Time of his Exami-tain's Witnesses, That Ihe let in more Water than before; nation, that he knew of their Arrival in Holland, tho' upon which, and the Hawfar's breaking in Ihe Night, a one of the Witnesses, Eduard Bassaeott, swore, be fa\V Signal was given of Distress; when the Captain sent fe- the Captain of the deliver a Note to Lieutenant

veral aboard, Carpenters and others, who teltified, That Carleton, which he did believe was a Bill of L.uling, the she was an old Ship, and Worm-eaten, as Ships coming Goods being all weighed, and marked with the Captain's that Voyage used to be; and, That, in Three Hours, they Mark P. P. with the Number and Weight on the Calk, finished what they thought requisite to secure her; and* The Captain, being required to produce Witnesses to That, till Ihe came to Cork, one Man might pump her, prove, that the Ship was in Distress, had several Witnesses And keep her fucked: That they did not observe any no- examined.

tofious Defect in her. Lieutenant Carleton did affirm, The Water came in so

About the 30th of July, Ihe was brought safe into Cork fast, that he was in Fear every Minute of the Ship's fink-Harbour, where her Guns and Pattereroes, and all her ing: That there was 7 or 8 Foot Water in the Prize: Chambers, and one Brass Bale, were taken out of her: And, before the Captain appeared, Richard Hunckim came

That, the 4th of August, they weighed out of Cork; and, to the Board voluntarily, and said. The Ship was irf great on the 5th, about 8 Leagues from Kinfale, Lieutenant Distress, ail'd had loll, befidtes the Cut-Water, the Knee Carlton, who commanded the Prize, called aboard the of her Head-, and the Hoodings Of the Stem gHve way: Monmouth, and told the Captain, that the Prize was not But, upon Examination of all thfe Witnfclte, ho such able to keep the Sea, nor to lwim: The Captain thereupon Thing appeared as the Knee of the Head being loft, of ordered him to fire Two Guns, to signify to the Flag, that that the Hoodittgs of the Stem gave way; and that the the Ship was in Distress; which was done accordingly: Water at no time exceeding 3 Foot and a Half, and

Whereupon, about Three a Clock, though Richard Shir- might have been flicked by Two Men at moll; aild, tho* lu swears he then fucked her with his own Hands, the the Cut-Water was gone, that did not bring th'e Ship into Hatches were broke open, and the Goods, carried on Distress: And several of his own Witnesses said, She board the Monmouth, from that Time till Sunday about might have been safely carried to Kinfale, the Wind fitting Eight at Night; on which Day, about Eleven in the fair for that, though it did not for England.

Morning, Lieutenant Carlton ordered the Main-mast The greatest Part of his Witnesses laid nothing to the and Foremall of the Prize to be cut by the Board: That Condition of the Ship after Ihe edme Out of Cork; but, she was hot pumped all that Day, after Four in the Morn- That they had been on board her prefeiltly after her first ing: That, before the cutting of the Malts, several of- taking, or before her being brought into Cork; and That fered the Lieutenant, if he would let but Five Men gO Ihe was an old Ship, and worm-eateh; but could give with her, they would undertake to carry the Prize into no Account of any particular Defect in her.

Kinfale Harbour, the Wind fitting fair for it at that Time; The Captain was asked. Why, he being (b near the and also when the Signal of Distress was given, when Prize, when the Signal of Distress, after her coming out they were but Seven Leagues from Kinfale, and might of Cork was given, that they could talk to one another,-have gone in that Night. he did ndt satisfy himself, or fehd any One to Fatisfy him;

That, on Saturday, the said Hunckhis was seen to go that the Ship was really in Distress ? He only said, That with an Augre towards the Place, where on Sunday, was all the Men said the was in Danger; but proved it only by found a Hole bored; which, Peter Love the Carpenter Lieutenant Carleton, though Peter Clefnens Midshipman? fays, was done with his Augre, there being no other in Anthony Faby Mariner, Oliver Surgeon, Richard

the Ship; and that Peter Clements, finding that Augre by Shirty Mariner, Peter Love Cdrperiter, James Hockly Ma-the Hole, brought it to the said Peter Love on Sunday riner, and Sam. Goodman Mailer, declared, oh their Oaths, Morning: But the Hole was bored so high, that nd the State of the Ship at that time mahifefted flie was in Water came in thereby, unless when the Ship rolled; no Distress: But thfe Captain, being with his Ship the and, at the time when Ihe was left, there was not more Monmouth to attend Sir George Rook, who was ordered! than Three Foot and a Half in Water, when her Hold tc his Station about Uihanti found it ihcofivenient to carry was half full of Tobacco, and Sugar; and the French this Prize about with him; and therefore it appeared they Mailer then offered, if he might have her, he would fail did resolvfe to take All they cotfld out of her, and then her to RochelL desert her.

The Goods, thus taken out on the 13th and 14th Of Sir appeared on the Behalf of the Captain;

August, were put on board; most of the Tobacco on but was not fivorn; for he laid he cOutd lay nothing tq Rear-Admiral Vamler-Goess Ship, bound for Holland',most the Matter: But,- beirtg asked, Whether hehad satisfied him-

Part of the Indico, and some Tobacco, on board a Genoese self, whether the Ship was in Distress ? said. The Captain Ship, likewise bound for Holland: The Indico wAs in all told him, the Prize could not fvVfrri; and thereupon hq about 59 Calks, and several too Rolls of Tobacco, each ordered biofi to lertve hef; And, being asked# If he was

*5 pot

55

5

W.&m.

11° —

fanuarii.

not obliged, commanding ih chief, to take cate of the Prize? lie returned this AhTwer, He got nothing by it; and therefore did riot cobcerri himself about it. Sir Georgk being further told; That, in the InstruciionS from the Admiralty, of the 18th of March last, to Hat. Killigrew Esquire, Sir Ralph Detavdlt, arid Sir Shovel/, their

were to give it ih drift Charge to all the Commander^ and Officers of theiri Majesties Ships, that, dpbri f'eizing of any Prizes, they should take care to have the late Act of Parliament concerning Prizes duly observed; Sir Geo. made Answer, He had recei ved no such Order.

Upon the whole Matter, it appears to the Commit sioners of Accounts, That the said Prize-Ship, lb taken, was designedly plundered; and deserted, by the said Captain Pet& Pickard, and his Order.

Baij. Newland, Math. Andrewes,

Tho. Ctarges, Sum.

Patti Foley, Ro.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for dating the publick Accounts do deliver to Mr. Attorney-General the Examinations, taken before them, touching the Embezilling of Goods out of a French Prize, taken by their MajestieS Ship the Monmouth, of which Captain Peter Pickard was Captain, dnd CarktonLieutenant: And that Mr. Attor-

nej-Genferal do take care, that these be art effectual Prosecution against the said Captain Peter Pickard, and Lieutenant Carltton, for the fame;

Vocflen M» Hie Order of the Day, for the House reading the Bill to revive the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and

Valeris, 12* die janltarii;

5° Gulielmi ct Maria?.

Pit AY ERS.

SI R Joseph Tredenham presented tb the Hdlrffe, ac; Chaplin's cording to Order, a Bill for Sale of the Effete of Estate. Stefan Chaplin-, and Dorothy her Daughter, fdr Bayinfeiit of Debts, and making Provision for tiib Ibid.arid

Stifan: And the same was received, -and rfead the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Campion, Sir Holt's Ella John Boltes, Sir Tho. Robei-ts, Sir Rn. Dtciton, Mr. Dy<n,

Mr. Clarke, Mr. Bennet, Mr. Dowd Mr. Bltmfeld, be added, to the Committee; to whom the Examination and Confidferation of thfe Petition of Sir Chhrles Holt Barbnet is referred.-

A Bill for taking away the Capiat itr Fine in the several Capiatir Courts at Westminster was read the Second time. F‘ne-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Christy, Sir Roger - Mr.

Wilniot, Colonel Deane, Mr. Kenytfn, Mr; Mr.

Hawtry, Mr. Dtyden, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Hittchinjm, Mr.

Lloyd, Sir Fra.Wininglon, Mr. Slater, Mr* Sir

Hen. Goff, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Sir Drake, Mr Proby, Mr. Cooke, Mr; Travers, Mr. Laise/lS,

Mr. BUrdet, Mr. Papilliom, Mr. Bo'ckenhdm, Sir Johh

encouraging the Whollfeh Afanufactures of this Kingdom, MMr..England-, and all the Gentlemen of the

ih. C_i ' l J ® 9 T*nner R.nhft? An'rl thpv »rp mppt thia 4tfti»mhrvn

life Second time, was rfead.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be riow rtad;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Sir Wal

Sir Ra. Dili ton:

'Sir Ralph Car,

Tellers for the Yeas,< Tellers for the Noes,

} 84.

} 92.

rrJv Bill; Lad Tax.

[Air. Fenwick So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Secbnd timte upon this Day Sevennight.

Then the House, according to the Ordtef of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole llbufe. to

Long Robe: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock; in the Speaker's CHariiber: Arid are impowerfed to fend for Persons; Papers, and Records.

A Bill for making mote effectual a Statute made ih Leah er the First Year of King James the First, ebneerriing Tan- cutting, ners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others, occupying the Cutting of Leather; Was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gold-well,

Sir Chr, Mujgrave, Sit John Knigh; Mr. , Mr. Cook, Sir Ro. Dav'ers, Mr. Hunge Mr, Campion,

Mr. Waller, Mr, Henley, Air, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Jeffryes, Mr. Bloffld, Sir Rh. Cart:,

Air. Hawtpy, Sir Bdw. Husky,. Sir, John Barker, Mr.

Sanford\ Sir Jof. Tredcliham, Mr. Lloyd, Mr* Liitt'ertll,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littkton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Sir Thornds Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Prbgfeft in the Bill; and had directfed him to move, That they may have Leaveth lit again.

Resolved, That this Hbtife will, Tomorrow Afdming, resolve itself into a Committee of the wAbte House, to confides fdrther of the said Bill.

n it. Ink.

Arnold, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Sluter:And they are to

meet this Afterabon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be, given to bring, in a.foil, for Exporting the Exportation of Copper, Iron; and Bell-Metal: And Copp«r, that Mr. Hungerford. do prepare; and bring in; the famel Iron' &c'

, Ordered. That the ix>n) Corribury, Sip Chflt Raleigh, Encouraging Sir J1fait..You, ng, Mr, SanffordxColonel, Zee, Mr. Privateers.

fen, for Tho. Vernon, Mr. Thornhaugh, Major Vincent, and all the Alembers that serve for the Sea-ports, and Cinque-Ports; be added to the Committee, to whorp the Exai minatidh and Confederation of the Petition of the Aler-chants of Mounts-Bdy, in Cornwall;is referred.

Ordered, That all Corfimitttefes be adjourried, fekefept fo4 Committee, to whofri the Examination arid Corifideratibfi of the Petition of thfe Whol-coihbfert of the Chdhtlfes bf Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, Cambridge, arid I fife bf Elti;^ H referred; and except thfe Coirimrttee appbirited tb receiffe Proposals concerning the Forfeitures in Ireland; and for1 Ordered, That the Bill against Hawkers drift Pteftlafe pea.'J'*<er and fecaring thfe Wdtfeftarrt Interest ih'erse; whifch are revived, be refad <hb Secohd timte To-nldricri^ Alomiri^. lodtb fit the Aftethobri.

Sir Rod lahdGnphh repbhed, froth foe Cariifnittbe i- Irirtl Forfei-poirited to receivte jpfobofals fconccfnirtg foe Forfeitures hf tures‘ Irclnhd; arid likfewife iof fefcdring thfe Pfoteftarri Ihtefeft foerfe; foe Propofkls rfecfeivfed by foe feid Cofrimittee; which hfe redd ih hid Plrice; arid dftfefward^ (feHvefea foe femfe ih at the Cletk's Triblfe: Whferfc the fitrite fras ctfefd; drid isas foHbri eth; viz.

Vo uXI. 11181

And theri the House adjOutrifed tfll T6-morroW Morisdng, Ninti a Clock.

Info Forfeiture*.

5 6 i2° Januarii. 1693.

That the Irish were, by the Court of Claims, after the Restoration, decreed to Two Millions Three hundred and Twenty-three thousand Eight hundred and Nine Acres profitable Land, English Measure, under the fol-

lowing Qualifications:

Acres.

Decrees of Innocency, ... 1,176,520

Provilbes, ----- 491,001

King's Letters of Restitution, - 46,398

Nominees in Pofiession, - 68,360

Tranlplantation, ----- 541,530

Total, - - 2,323,809

The English were decreed to - - - 4,560,037

All which, added together, make - - 6,883,846

The Lands surveyed, as forfeited, amount to 7,708,237 Of which there being disposed by the Court > c 0Q, o of Claims, - - - - -j 6»883»846

There remained undisposed of, - 824,391

These Lands undisposed are either, Parts or Fractions of Towns possessed by Irish or English promis-cuously without Title; or were, when Ireland was distributed unto the Adventurers, Soldiers, and transplanted Persons, looked upon as doubtful, whether forfeited or not, and so were never let out; a further Enquiry into the Title of those Lands before they were disposed of, being intended: For which Reason, those Lands never came under the Cognizance of the Commissioners of the Court of Claims; nor were they claimed by any.

These Lands have most of them, since the Court of Claims, been passed in Patent to those that dil'covered them, both before, and in the Court of Grace, without Distinction of English or Irish; the Person in Possession, and making the Discovery, being to have Preference: What Proportion hereof fell to the , and w hat to

the Irish, cannot be ascertained: But, admitting that no more thereof than 176,191 Acres, which is less than a Fourth Part, fell to the Papists Share, it will make, being added to what they were restored to by the Court of Claims, Two Millions and an Half of profitable Acres, English Measure.

This Estimate is, according to the generally received Opinion of those who very well understand that Kingdom, Half a Million of Acres left than what the were possessed of at the time of their present Majesties Accession to the Crown: But, to keep greatly within Compass, suppoling them to be possessed of no more than Two Millions and a Half of Acres, It is to be con-lidered what Part hereof, by the late Rebellion, is forfeited, and what not; and what Part of the Forfeitures are remitted by the Articles of Gallway and Limerick.

It is notorious, that not an Irishman, who was in Ireland during the late Rebellion, and capable of being guilty thereof, either by being actually in Arms, or by aiding, abetting, and assisting the Rebels, is innocent: So that the only Persons, presumed to be so, are either, such as continued in England during the whole time, of which there are not above Three or Four known: or Infants of such an Age as could not capacitate them to bear Arms, or abet and assist the Rebels: In both which Cafes it is to be noted, That the Heirs, or next in Remainder, may have been, and probably were, in Rebellion.

What shall be lessened of the Forfeitures in both the foregoing Cafes, will be abundantly supplied by the Purchases made by the Irish Lawyers, Physicians, Merchants, and other Papists, since the Court of Claims; many of them having purchased very considerable Estates on the new Interest; the whole Body of the Irish Nation being a thriving People during the Two last Reigns.

That then which will lessen the Forfeitures from being at least Two Millions and a Half of Acres, are the Articles.

For the making a reasonable Estimate how. much w ill be restored by the Articles, It is to be considered, Who, of Right, areintitled to the Benefit of them.

By the First Article of Limerick, all Inhabitants and Residents of Limerick are included: But how far those Words will extend, deserve mature Consideration; teeming, according to common Acceptation, to design no other, than such as had, for 1'orne time before, been Housekeepers, and paid Scotland Lot there; and not Inmates, and Persons come into the Town, and font for thither, just before the Signing of the Articles, on purpose to claim the Benefit thereof.

All Officers and Soldiers in Garisons are likewise capitulated for, who should submit, <$'c.: Where it is to be considered, Whatlhall be deemed aGarifon; upon which very considerable Estates depend.

There are a Third Sort, which claim the Benefit of the Articles, by virtue of the additional Article, said to be agreed to, but omitted in the perfected Articles: And these are computed to be at least One half of those who claim the Benefit of the Articles: How far this additional Article shall take place, is humbly submitted.

On the Whole, it is humbly proposed, That the Saving for the Limerick and Galloway Articles may be in negative Terms, and not any positive confirming Words; forasmuch as it is hoped the Injustice of that additional Article may be discovered: But, supposing the additional Article be admitted, it will then be enquired. What will be restored by the Articles.

Of this, a certain determinate Calculation cannot be made; all those who pretend to the Benefit of the Articles, not having made Claim; of those who have claimed, and are adjudged by the Lords Justices, and Council, to have the Benefit of the said Articles, many are supposed not to be rightfully intitled thereto; others, not to have appeared to be so to them, although adjudged: An In-stanee whereof is plain in the same of Sir James Cotter, who, claiming the Benefit of the Limerick Articles, was opposed by Mr. Serjeant Osborne, on their Majesties behalf, on this Suggestion; That, supposing him within the Benefit of the Articles, he had forfeited his Right thereto; and infilled to have this Matter heard at the Council-Board, both on Account of the Precedent, which might be of ill Consequence in other Cafes, and likewise, for that a very considerable Estate depended hereon: But in this he was over-ruled; the Examination referred to Sir Richat'd Cox and Mr. Carlton; on whose Report, Sir James Cotter was adjudged within the Limerick Articles, and restored to his Estate.

All Persons who have taken Protection, are excepted out of the Articles; notwithstanding which, several claim the Benefit of the Articles, whose Wives, Children, or Friends, had desired Protections for them, and accordingly had such Protections: notwithstanding which, the Exception out of the Article has been evaded, by the Protection's not being delivered into the Hand of the very Person himself.

Those who were on the Place, and made the strictest Observation, conclude, That not above Two Fifths of the Irish have any just Pretence to the Benefit of the

Articles of Galloway or Limerick, even the additional Article being admitted: But, putting this beyond Exception, admitting Three Fifths, which is yet unconceivable, to be intitled thereunto, there will then remain a Million of Acres forfeited, which are worth, a good Title being made to the Purchaser by Act of Parliament, a Million of Money Sterling.

In order to the felling of which, it is humbly proposed, That the Gentlemen of Ireland may have Fee-Farms granted them of the forfeited Estates, at greater or Idler Rents, according to the respective Value of the Lands by them taken; they giving collateral Security by Statute-Staple, or such other way as shall be thought fit, of equal Value to the Estates by them taken j which Rents, so secured, will be very well worth Ten Years Purchase.

As

5 W. &M.

i 2° Janua

57

with

Part of the Forfeitures happen.

Munster; Land, in the former of which, by season of sunned, That Two Fifths ol their Proportions of the Tythes,

its Goodness, and Nearncfs to letts at the best

Kate of any Part of Ireland and the latter; by reason of its Situation for Trade, has the belt and quickest Markets in that Kingdom; cannot but allow the Rent inoderately set: Put when to this it is added, That the Number of Acres calculated are what are returned by the Survey; when, in Truth; each Parcel of Land contains considerably more than what it is surveyed at, besides all the Land returned as unprofitable thrown in; all the Country Towns, Villages, good Houses, Fillleries, Wares, Ferries, Mills, Fairs, and Markets; and all the Timber, and other Woods, not being reckoned; it must be allowed. That it cannot exceed Twenty-pence an Acre, probably not t Sd.

There seems to be but one material Objection tin's Calculation of the Forfeitures being worth a Million; which is, The Incumbrances which shall appear to be on these forfeited Estates.

To which it is' to be answered, First, That the Incumbrances are pretended to be very much greater than they arc, where they are real: Secondly, Incumbrances are pretended, where there is not the least Pretence, being old Debts trumped up: which have been long since satisfied, or are such as would not have affected the

and Impropriations, are likewise forfeited; which, at the Rate they formerly set at, comes to 8,coo/, per Annum.

The Forfeitures of the personal Estates were great, though very little has been hitherto accounted for: The House of Commons in Ireland seemed of Opinion, That if the Embezilments thereof were strictly enquired into, a sufficient Fund would arise thereout for discharging the Arrears due to the Army: The Tract of Time, and Mismanagement of that Affair hitherto, has, no doubt, put a great deal beyond being retrieved; hut yet it is humbly propefei], That feme Part might be still recovered, if faithfully and diligently enquired into: All which put together, it is humbly hoped,-may be judged a very sufficient Fund for raising a Million of Money.

Fifty-two Rebellions, which the have been guilty of, may sufficiently evince, That nothing can reconcile the implacable Hatred of them to the Nation:

And the only Way of Securing that Kingdom to the Crown of England is, the putting it out of the Power of the Irish again to rebel; gentle Means having hitherto

always proved ineffectual; and the Favour they received after being conquered in one Rebellion, always laid a Foundation for the next.

The Rebellion that broke out the 23d of October 1641,

forfeited Estate, or his Person; and it cannot be presumed was carried on with that Malice and Privacy, as not to reasonable, That such should affect the Estate, when he discovered till the very Day before their Barbarity was forfeited; but many such are let flip in the Croud, to have been put in Execution; and this at a time, when through favour, or Negligence: But, Thirdly, All real the Papists enjoyed the greatest Immunities and Favours Incumbrances will be fopplied, and more, by the In- from the Government: They enjoyed the free Exercise cumbrances the forfeiting Irish have on Englishmcns of their Religion, in as publick a manner as the Protest Estates, if well examined into. tants did: They bad their titular Archbishops and Bishops;

It may be objected. That these forfeited Estates have their Regular and Secular Clergy; and publick Nunneries: neveryielded near the Sum proposed. They had likewise an equal Share with the Protestants in

To which it is answered, First, That the forfeited the Civil Power, by being Justices of the Peace, Sheriffs Estates have been set but from Year to Year; on which of Counties, and, without Discrimination, Members of a

Parliament then in being: All which Advantages were

Terms no Tenant would take, in the Condition the Kingdom now is, at one Quarter-part of the Value: 2 % , Some Grants, and so many are made,

that the Commissioners of the Revenue cannot know the Value of the Forfeitures: 3dly, Orders are ifi'ued by the Commissioners of the Revenue to ral Terr-Tenants; Ming forth. That forasmuch as the Proprietors have been indicted, but not outlawed, nor have been yet

by them thought too little to oblige them to Fidelity to the Crown of England.

This Rebellion, besides the many Thousand Protestants mafiacred, and ELives loti, coil 10,778,031 /. Sterling, over and above the Lots sustained by the British Protestants, computed, in the Whole, at

Twenty-two Millions: And though in the late Rebellion

tried, requiring the Tenants to pay their respective Rents the Protestants were not maftacred; yet it is notoriously to the old Proprietors; by which means the said Rents known, their Deliverance is no-way due to the

are struck out of Charge in their Books: 4thly, Several Temper the Papists being altered, but to the Persons, of considerable Estates, have procured the Hopes the late King James had of returning into Reversal of their Outlawries, though within no Articles: England; which must have been wholly taken away, by $thk, The greatest Skill imaginable has been used for {hewing the People of England what they might expelt, concealing the real Value of the Forfeitures; a most had the Protestants of Ireland been:

notorious Instance whereof appears in the Earl of Clan- though so great a Consideration, with much Difficulty cartie's Estate, which was always accounted worth at least prevailed upon the Irish Papists: Nor had it done so, but 6,000l. per Annum; and was returned by an Inquest, that it was backed by the repeated Promises of the late who were to enquire into the Value of it, in order, as is King James, the Irish should have very great

presumed, to the making a Grant thereof but at Nine- Estates granted them in England, which would be score Pounds a Year: This is Matter of Fact, and can be to himSo that it seems reasonable to conclude,

proved. That nothing Jets than putting it entirely out of the

Though it seems plain, That, if the forfeited Estates of Power of the Irish Papists, can prevent future Rebellions, Ireland before-mentioned be settled by Act of Parliament and obviate the Danger of the Loss of that Kingdom to in England, so as that a sure Title may be made to the England.

J'aiciiafi r, and that a just and fair Adjudication be In order to which, it is humbly proposed, That the wade upon the Articles, a Million of Money may be lelling all the forfeited Estates of that Kingdom, not raised thereby; yet there is this further Addition to be remitted by the Articles of Gallmcay and Limerick to made to what has been herein before proposed; which, Protestants, will so strengthen the Protestant, and weaken it is hoped, may a nfwerany Objection than can be made the Popish, Interest of that Kingdom, that future -as to the Value. lions will, with much more Ease, thereby be prevented,

The Forfeitures in Cities, and Towns Corporate, are than otherwise they can. very considerable; but cannot be reduced to certainty, By the of Parliaments in that Kingdom

there being no Rule to make a Calculation by. for 27 Years, the Protestants were in imminent Danger

The forfeitedTythes, and Impropriations, are likewise oflosing both their Religion and Liberties; and the Irish considerable. Papists whose Interest, during the Two /aft Reigns,

In Cromwell's time, the sequestered Tythes, and Im- the Calling of Parliaments was always prevented, though

propriations, were set for 60,000/a Year: Of the Estates earnestly preffbd for by the English) received such

Vo l.XL Q Advantages

58 12° — 13'

Irish For- Advantages as has greatly strengthened theirlnterest in that fe it urea. Kingdom; and they are become much more formidable

than formerly they were, or otherwise could have been: For, had Protestant Parliaments been called, effectual Care would have been taken for preventing the Growth of Popery, and the growing Power of the Papiits.

The Parliament called the last Year in Ireland fat lb little Time, as not to be able to consider of those many Laws that were necessary to be enacted, for the Good of the Kingdom, after so long an Interval of Parliaments; but agreed, That several Bills, enacted in England since the loth Hen, Vllth, were fit to be passed into Laws in Ireland; which will at large appear by the annexed Votes of the House of Commons: Besides which Acts, several others were designed; some of which follow'.

By Experience it was found, in Time, That

pecuniary Mulcts on Papists, for not going to Church, had brought the greatest Part of that Nation to be Protestants; and, though upon the Restoration of King Charles the Second most of them turned to Mass again, had that method been prosecuted, their Children, having been bred Protel'tants, would probably have continued so at this Day; and thereby the late Rebellion have been prevented: To obtain which Happiness to future Ages, it was designed to have addressed the Lord Lieutenant, That a Biff might be drawn, for putting the Laws in Force against Papists in due Execution; with such further Clauses as might be necessary for accomplishing so good a Work.

The many Popish Schools in Ireland, and fending their Children to the Universities in , was, and is

at this Day, one great Reason of the inveterate Malice of the Irish to the British Protestants; Prejudice of Educa-

tion having greatly added to their innate Hatred of the English , which, in Process of Time, might have been very much lessened by prudent Methods; in encouraging Protestant Schools, forbidding all Popish ones; by preventing their being sent into; and giving lbme

Encouragement to such as should breed their Children Protestants: For the effecting which, a Bill was designed with a Clause against such as should marry Papists, incapacitating them for all Offices of publick Trust.

The English, when Ireland was first planting, although then of the same Religion with the , thought it necessary for their Safety to make a pale, within which no Irishmanmight inhabit, under great Penalties: The

Engish being now much more numerous than at that Time, and of a different Religion from the; and having suffered lb severely by the Two late Rebellions; it was thought worth the most lerious Consideration, in what Places British Pales might be made, especially on the Sea-Coalt; whereby the Danger of anylnvalion from abroad might be prevented, as well as of future Rebellions at home, by the English being embodied, and thereby much better secured than they are now by the Garisons.

These, and many other Things, being duly considered by a Parliament, It was hoped such effectual Course might be taken, as should secure that Kingdom from future Rebellions, and likewise settle the distracted Condition in which now it lies.

Wherefore, it is humbly proposed, That a Parliament called in Ireland, for passing such Law's as shall be judged necessary for the Security thereof; for redressing past and present Grievances, and preventing the like lor the future; will probably prove the most etfcbtual Way for securing that Kingdom: For the accomplishing which, no Method can be so proper, as what shall be advised by the col!c6live / Body of the whole Nation.

All which matters are, with the greatest Deference, humbly submitted.

lte)olved. That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

1 Januarii. A. 1693.

Ordered, That the said Committee, appointed to receive the said Proposals concerning the Forfeitures in Ireland, and for securing the Protestant Interest there; do still continue to fit: And that the said Committee have Power to receive Proposals for the English Forfeitures.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to vest the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

And it is referred to Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Chr.

Musgrave, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Fr.

Wimngton, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Raidand

Mr. Smith, Mr. Harley, Mr. Boyl, Mr.

Mr. Serjeant Blincoe, Mr. Hungerjord, or any Three of

them, to prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to vest the forfeited Estates in England in their Majesties, to be applied i

to the Use of the War: And that the same Committee do

prepare, and bring in, the lame. j

1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Protestant* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Nat.

House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of i1

all such Protestants as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery.

Ordered, That the Bill to disable the Borough of Disfran-Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, from fending elating Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the future, be read-the Second time, upon IVedntjdilyMorning next. oimi"

The House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bill;. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Land Tax. consider further of the Bill for granting to their M; jetties an Aid, for the carrying on a vigorous M ar against

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill. Tomorrow' Alorning at Ten a Cluck, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. ' Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 13' die Januarii;

5° Gulielmi et Alariae. u

Prayers.

/~\RDERED and Declared, That the Hearings upon rearing Petitions, concerning Elections, before the Committee F.lettion of Elections and Privileges, be heard in Priority and Petitions. Course, as they are set down and appointed to be heard by the said Committee.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Privilege. Grevill, of Charlton-Kings in the County of Gloucester, had entered upon the Estate of Sir Ralph Dutton Baronet, a Alember of this House, and felled a Tree of good Value, and carried away great Part thereof; and had assaulted and beaten John Prinnhis Steward; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said John Grevill be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this Iloule, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That Colonel Courtney have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, his Alother the Lady Court my being dead. Alienee-

Mr.Smith, according to Order, presented to the House Whitley's' a Bill to enable Roger Whitley Esquire, and Tho. Whit try Litate.

Esquire,

j W. M.

13° — 150 Januarii.

59

Esquire, to exchange certain Lands, of equal Value, in to report to the Ilotife, when the House would please to the County of Chester:And the same was received; and receive the same.

read the First time. , That the said Report be made upon

RtJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Morning next.

Werfor Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do take care to , That the Committee, to whom the Matter

firing tie keep the Stairs clear from Footmen: And that he do take relating to the preventing the exportation ot Laith auc ^, >th ° into Custody such of them as tliall behave themselves Clay is referred, do fit, upon Monday next, in the After- >\eavtr,. "h,"n noon, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Lanrafter

\ini

Custody

" rudely: And that the Constables of Westminster do take care, that the Passages in and about West mins ter-}tall be kept clear from Chairmen and Coachmen, so that they may not stop or annoy the Members of this House: And that this Order be fixed upon Gate, and in the Lobby of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to file CJerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit, for eleCHng a Knight to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Lancaster, in the room of the Lord Brandon, now Earl of Macclesjeild.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Articles Impeach-against the Lord Coning slip, and Sir Charles Porter, lie adjourned until U ednejilayMorning next, Eleven a Clock. &c- '

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Hit* made

in toJi-

Jiitks.

buna, 15° die Januarii;

5* Guliehni et Mari®.

p r A yEtls

A Petition of the Company of Feltmakers of LondonSiRDE That Sir Barker have Leave to I-eave of

was printed to the House, and read; letting forth ihat {J into the Count lbr a Fortnight, upon extraor-the Fctitioners are an anaent Corporation, supported by di Occasions. many Acts of Parliament; and are very numerous 2 That J

the East India Company have lately caused great Quan- A Bill for the better Recovery' of Bankrupts Estates, Bankrupts

and for the more equal Diltjibution thereof was read the

tities of Hats to be njade in India, which they have imported into this Kingdom; which, if not timely pie-vented, will be to the Ruin of that Trade in England\ by reason of the Cheapness of Materials and Work in India: And praying the Consideration of the House for the Preservation of their laid Trade and Manufacture.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India Trade; and for erecting of a new East India Company; is referred.

Mr. Tice-Chamberlain, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for compelling Fishermen to come ^iV)' into their Majesties Service: And the same was received.

Hi HffifO

Men Ordered, That the Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars [ odMfan. fae read the Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

IW? Bill; Ordeird, That the Committee of the whole House, to IUjIlx. whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid, for

carrying on a vigorous War against Trance,.....do

prepare, and bring in, a Clause to transfer the Loans that have been made upon the Million-Act, and upon the A6i for the Review of the Quarterly Poll, and upon the Vote of Credit made by this House; and al so a borrowing Clause; and an appropriating Clause.

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir CAr. Musgrave, Sir Jem. Elwas, Mr. Price, Colonel Perry, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Cook, Mr. Slater, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Serjeant IVogan, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Boxcyer, Mr. LaJJclls, Mr. liar court. Air. Bromley, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Eliah llatxey; Sir William York, Mr. Beddingfeild, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Yaughan, Sir Walt. Young, Colonel Golducll, Mr. Christy, Sir Fra. Gaibon, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Traversf Mr. Clark, Sir Robert Clayton, AIr.Piggott, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Waller, Mr.' How, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Bofcrrwen, Sir Jof. Tredenhan/, Mr.

Shacker ley, Mr. Haw try, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Mr. J YU mot, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Serjeant Blincoe, Mr. Holt, Mr. Hungerjord, Mr. Herbert; and all the Members that are of the Long Kobe: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Bobert Claytou, Mr. Clark, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Ryder, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir John Knight, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable divers Merchants Insurers, that have sustained many Loiles by the present War with France, the better to satisfy their several Creditors, is committed.

Merchants J nfurers Creditors.

Van to / Ordered, That the Commissioners for the publick ui t/s. /Accounts do, upon Thursday Morning next, lay before this House au Account of all the Petitions, Salaries, and / Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members I meat out of the Revenue, or according to the

I Order of the 21st of November loti.

Kefolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryalsin Cafes of High Treason, and of

Treason.

j'Hr

A Bill for compelling Fishermen to come into their nrrjfaring Majesties Service, was read the First time. Vithennen

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. for thehavy*

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of th* until Monday Morning next. Ten a Clock: And that House. such Members, who have not Leave to be absent, as shall not then attend their Service in this House, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms<

pany.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself New Fa/?-intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further Low~ of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the East India The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Trade;and fur creeling a new East India Company;

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider was read.

ReJhived, That Air. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

Mr. Speaker the Chair.

Mr. Ptook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Pa reported-from the said Committee, That

they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed

further of the Bill for granting to their au I,

for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Mr.Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, an<1 made several him to report to the when the House would please

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to receive the same.

VOL.XI. Ordered,

Sr

r

Cj

6o 150 — 16° Januarii. A. 160$.

Ordered, That the said Report be thade upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Papillionalfo acquainted the House, That tie was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, after the said Report is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider further of the Petition of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of London, relating to the Trade;

and for erecting a new East India Company.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Conference A Mefl'age from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and wall Lords. Mr. Holjord;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do agree to the Conference desired by this House the Fourth Instant, presently, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Managers* that managed the former Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Harley reported, That the Managers had, at the Conference, acquainted the Lords, That the Papers, desired by their Lordships to be transmitted, having been received, upon the humble Address of this House to his Majesty, from Mr. Bridg, one of the Clerks of the Privy-Council, by a Schedule, That this House had ordered the said Papers to be re-delivered to the said Mr. Bridgman.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

Mart is, 16® Januarii;

50 Gulielmi ct Mariae.

Prayers.

Leave of R DERED, That Mr. White, of have

A i>fence. v j^eave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Boats carry- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ing Coals. the measuring the Keels and Boats within the River of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Ports adjacent, which carry Coals by a dead Weight: And that Sir Ralph Carr do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Holt's Estate. Mr. Hunger ford reported from the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Sir Charles Holt was referred, That they had examined and contidered the fame; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for diverting several Securities out of Andrew Fountaine Esquire, and others, and vesting the same in Trustees, for railing and paying the Money remaining due upon the said Securities, and aligning the Residue of the Estate, incumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt: And that Mr.

Hungerj'ord do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lords defir* A Mortage from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and a Conference. Mr. Holjord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, this Morning at Eleven a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, to communicate to this House Matters of Importance, relating to the lait Summer's Expedition at Sea,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That Sir Chr. Mufgrarce, Sir Edward Seymour,

Mr. Boyle, Mr. Bowyer, Colonel Granville, Sir Fran Winington, Mr. Hutchinson, Lord Digby, Mr.

Lord Elan, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Mountague, Mr.

Bromley, Lord Cutts, Sir Hen.Goodrich, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Cha. Porter, Sir Win. Wogan, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Colonel Gramnil reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference: And that the Duke of Bolton managed the same for the Lords; and acquainted them.

That the Lords having had laid before them, by the Earl of Nottingham, an Extract of a Letter, dated from Paris,

June the lft, N. S. received May the 30th, O. S. 1693. as follows.

" There are Sixty-eight Ships, in which there are " 30,118 Men, and 4,876 Guns.

" We have News since, that this Fleet is failed, and " out of fight."

And whereas, upon an Address to the King, such Lords as are of the Privy-Council had Periniflion from his Majesty to acquaint this House, when the Intelligence of the French Fleet's failing from Brest was communicated to the Admirals of the Fleet; whereupon several of those Lords informed the House,

That the Letter mentioned by the Earl of Nottingham was laid before the Committee of Council; and took it for granted, that the Intelligence therein contained was lent to the Admirals of the Fleet: But it not appearing clearly, whether it was so communicated or not, their Lordships do desire of this House, That they will esquire, by the most proper Methods, of the Members of this House that arc of the Privy-Council, Whether this Intelligence of the French Fleet's being failed out of Brest was communicated to the Admirals of the Fleet; and when it was so communicated.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, take the said Report into Consideration.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Supply Bill Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, Laud lax. to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, with the Coherence; and some of them were read a Second time, and agreed unto by the House.

And a Motion being made. That the Oath to the Afi'efl'ors be left out of Clause B;

And the Question being put, That the said Words do stand Part of the Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for Uie Yeas,|^' ff } 86.

Tellers for the Noes, ^Hungerford: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in the Clause touching the assessing Marten of Colleges, <$r. by adding " not exceeding the yearly Sum of Thirty " Pounds

The Question was put, That those Words be added to the Clause:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers

5 W. {tf M.

16° — 170 Januarii.

61

Tellers for the Yeas

/Mr. !> [Mr.

Mr. Arnold,

Onslow:

} 64.

| 68.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it palfed in the Negative.

Refold'd, That the further Consideration of the said Re|>ort be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Cluck.

h Reflrcd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

i\nihs next, after the Call of the House is over, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the City of London, relating to the Orphans of the said City.

Ifowiitw. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mcrcur'n, 17" Januarii;

5* Gulielmi et Mari®.

> Soi'th

on

£ Jail.

Pb.a ye RS.'

C\R D K R E D, That Dr. South, one of the Prebends ' ot 11 1 v:minster, be desired to preach before this

House upon the 30th Day of January instant, at Margaret's Westminster: And that Mr. Bromley and Sir Cha. Bloys do acquaint them therew ith.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Burdet, Colonel Gold-well, Colonel Deane, Sir Robert

Dovers, Sir Fra. Gulbon, Mr. Sanford, Sir 7

Sir John Knight, Mr. Cook, Sir Richard Hart, Sir

Honywood, Sir Walt.Young, Mr. Freeman, Mr. haugh, Sir Eduard Hussey, Mr. White, Mr. B/ofield, Mr.

Hutchinson, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Mr.

Hedger, Mr. Waller, Mr. How, Colonel Palmer, Mr.

Hendry, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Wilmott, Sir William Cooper,

Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Mr. Price,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hen. Gough, Mr. England,

Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Ogle, Sir Tho. Taylor, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Non'eys, Sir John Adore ton, Colonel Perry: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Merchants and Traders, in and Protestants about the City of London, was presented to the House, Nat. and read; letting forth. That a Bill being now before this House for naturalizing all Foreigners that shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery, the feme will, as the Petitioners conceive, exempt such Foreigners from paying Town and Port Dudes, and other Customs payable by Strangers, which was always accounted the Balance of Trade between the English and foreigners; and will thereby enable them to undersell the English, by reafoil such Foreigners may not only live here in Lodgings privately, but may also employ their Relations beyond Sea, who will buy cheaper thart the English, anti so will utterly ruin the Trade of the Natives, and engross it themselves; And the Petitioners having greatly experienced the Leftening of Trade, by Acts of Naturalization already passed they pray, That,

it tons Me

A Petition of Rob. Fleetwood, Son and Heir of Colonel in case the said Bill should pals, it be under Payment of

George Fkduood' deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner understands there is a Pill depending in this House, to indemnify the 7 rufrees of James Clayton Esquire lor joining with him in felling Lands, for Payment of Debts; which Bill will be to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, who is Heir atLau to the Manor of the Jrach, in the said Bill mentioned to be sold: And praying to be heard before the Lading of the la:‘d Bill.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the ingiolfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to indemnify the 7Vufrees of James Clayton Esquire, for joining with him in felling Lands, for Payment of his Debts, is committed: And that the said Committee have Power to fend for Per Ions.

Aliens Customs, and down and Port Duties, payable by Aliens; whereby the Petitioners may be enabled to trade upon equal Terms with them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Naturalization of all such Protel-tants as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mowing Mi ferriages at Eleven a Clock, take into their further Consideration of tlw Fleet, the Miscarriages of the Fleet the la ft Summer:

And also take into their Consideration the Report Yciicvdav from the Conference with the Lords.

A? of

[ (-MTS

Ordered, That Mr. Grubb have leave so go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of divers Persons, on behalf of themselves, and others, who have advanced Money upon the Credit of the Million-Ad, to receive Annuities for Lives, after the Rate of 14/. per Annum, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the printed Votes, that this House hath it under Consideration of letting in other Lives, in Reveifion, upon the said Fund, which, as the Petitioners conceive, will not only lessen their Security, which, by the Death of any the present Nominees, will be enlarged, but may occasion great Mischief, by the many Persons in Reversion waiting for the Death of the immediate Lives; besides that the grafting a further Charge upon the said Fund will, as conceived, be a Weakening of the publick Security: And praying, That they may enjoy the full Benefit and Security Grit intended; or that they may withdraw their Money, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for supplying the DeGciency of the Million-Ad is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, at Eleven a Clock, relblve itlelt'into a Committee Nat. of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of all such Protestants as take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery.

Ordered, That the Bill to disable the Borough of Stock- Disfranchif. bridge, in the County of Southampton, from fending Bur- Stock-gcil'es to serve in Parliament for the future, be read the Second time upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Ar- impeach-tides against the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charles Porter, of Lord

be adjourned until Saturday Morning next, Eleven a Clock. &c‘

J The Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars was read the Second time.

Vol. XL

The House proceeded, according to the Order of the Supply Bill Day, in the further Consideration of the Report from La Tax. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to their Majestie for the carrying on a vigorous War against France, was committed.

And Clause C being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, That, in the said Clause C, the Words relating to Hospitals may be left out;

And the Question being put, That the said Words do Rand in the Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

R Tellers

1

r

'i

1

Candles,

Committees.

Delays at

Quarter-

iieflions.

Insolvent

Debtors.

170 — 18° Januarii. A. 1693.

Tellers for Clark:} 98'

Tellers for the Noes,{|!J } , 45-

So it passed in the Negative.

And thereupon other Words were agreed, by the House, to be inserted, in the room thereof; and the Clause, so amended, agreed unto by the House.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Clause of Appropriation was, according to Order, offered to be added to the Bill.

And the same was twice read: And there being Blanks therein, they were filled up; and other Amendments made to the Clause by the House.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause, touching appointing Cruisers for Securing of the Trade, was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the same was twice read: And there being Blanks therein, several of them w'ere filled up by the House.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

And, as to the Blank touching the Third Rates;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with " Four

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for he Yeas,{"-;G.

Tellers for the Noes.|^ } 81

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed by the House to be made part of the

Bill.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty might take any of the said Cruisers for the Line of Battle.

And the same was twice read; and several Amendments made by the House therein.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

3otis, 18° die;

5° Gulielndi ct Maritfe.

Pray Bits.

SI R Joseph Tredenham, according to Order, presented

to the House a Bill to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill for the explaining, and for the more effectual Execution, of a former Act for the Relief of Poor Prisoners, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Pr. L. # to leave out "Two;" and inlert "Six," instead thereof.

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill was amended accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That all Per fens, being Prisoners on the Day of

1693, shall have the feme Benefit as those that were Prisoners on the 28th of November 1690; provided such Person do enter himself into their Majestks Service.

And the Clause was once read.

And the Question being pot, That the said Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That no Debtor shall be discharged of any Debt contrasted since the 28th of November 1690.

And the Proviso was thrice read; and agreed by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Complaint being made to this House, That Jams Privfle^. Mitchell hath, by Edmird Waller a Bailiff, arrested Tho. Huxley, a menial Servant of Mr. Chaplin, a Member of this House; and that he is detained a Prisoner thereupon; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said James Mitchell and Edward Walter be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That the said Tho. H be discharged out of Prison: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Mr. Bowyer reported, from the Committee of Elections Malden and Privileges, to whom the Matter touching the Election Election. for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, was referred, the Cafe, as it appeared to the said Committee:

The which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk s Table: Where the same Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Bichard Hutchinson Esquire, and of several of the Inhabitants and Freemen of the Borough of Maiden, complaining of an undue Return of Sir EliabHarvey, to serve in Parliament for the said

Borough.

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

The Plurality of Votes, upon the Poll, was allowed to the fitting Member by 32.

But, on the behalf of the Petitioners, it was insisted on,

1 ft, That the Borough Of Malden was an ancient Borough by Prescription; and had Power to make By-Laws:

And that, according to a By-Law made there, That all Freemen should pay 5 I.at least 61 of the Voters for the lilting Member were not duly qualified, not having paid their ,51.

And, in the next place, tljcy said, There were feme Irregularities in the Election.

As to the First; they produced Mr. William Atwood;who gave in a Copy of an spe.vimus of a Charter of Hen.II. Malden:

Whereby their ancient Liberties and Privileges, that they had in the time of the King's Grandfather, were confirmed to them.

He offered an Extract of another Record in the Tower; but that was refused, bccauie it was an Extract only.

He, and one ^Proved there was such a By-Law as was Ezekiel Einch,3 afledged, made about 23 Years since;

And that the 61 Voters w ere made free since that time, and had not paid any Money: But that such Sort of Freemen always voted in Elections of Parliament-men.

Thomas S/acc, Wim. Carr the

Testified to the feme Effect: And ( that the By-Lawr was not now to m. i^urruic be found; but taken out of the

lown-Cler-k, and r> 1 , '. .

Two oth rs Book; but when, or by whom,

e J not known.

Thomas Coe testified. That Ten of the Voters were admitted to their Freedom since the Teste of the Writ; whereof Seven voted for the fitting Member, and Three for the Petitioner.

As to the Misdemeanors in the Election;

Mr. Atwood testified, They could not find the Bailiff* the Morning of the Day of the Election; but, meeting with the fitting Member, he promised to give them Notice when they would begin; but did not; but they had Notice from another: That, when the Petitioner came to 14 llic

5 W. M.

18° jfaxua

63

9

‘A

the Place of Election with his Party, and they cried out, "A Hutchinson,"the fitting Member, being the re, threat-

ened to lay them by the Heels: That an old Man, that was for the Petitioner, complained of being kicked and unfilled; and no Remedy given: That after the Poll was ended, Mr. Atwood, on die behalf of the Petitioner, demanded a Scrutiny; which was denied him by the Bailiffs, as that would take up too much time.

This was likewise proved by other Witnesses.

Sarah Gozrcr testified, That Samuel Pond, a Freeman, that voted for the fitting Member, gave her 2.?. to persuade her Husband, who is a Freeman, to vote for the fitting Member: That Mr. one of the Bailiffs

of the Town, that voted for the fitting Member, proffered to give her Ten Shillings before the Poll, and 1 o s. after, if ihe would persuade her Husband to vote for the fitting Member; hut did not give her any Money: That he likewise said, that a Gentleman, namelels, would give John Jennings her Brother, another Freeman, a Coat, and a Pair of Breeches, if flie would persuade him to vote for the fitting Member; but that both tier Husband and Brother voted for the Petitioner.

On the behalf of the lilting Member,

It was alleged, and infilled on, That he had a Majority of Votes by 32; which was not denied: That all the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Common-Council, but one, voted for him; and most Part of the refient Freemen: That, as to the By-Law alleged on the other Side, if there were any such, it related only to those that had their Freedom, in order to set up some Trade there; and not to honorary Freemen: And yet thele had always Votes in Elections of Members of Parliament.

being

And the same was twice read: And there being a Blank therein, the same was filled up by the House: And other Amendments were made to the C.lause by the House.

And then the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to be made Part of the Bilk

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for excusing small Vicarages.

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause, for the same Purpose, was offered to be added to the Bill.

And the same was twice read: And there Blank therein, the same was filled up by the House.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause # # *.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

[Mr.

(Mr. Clark:

Tellers for the Noes,

' [Mr. Bromley:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read a Second time: And there being a Clank therein, the same was filled up by the House.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That such as have not taken the Oaths, Hia.ll not be confirmed.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Ques-

Tellers for the Yeas,

138-

iSo*

This was proved by

Sir John Brampston, who had known the Corporation many Years, and was High-Steward thereof, till turned tion put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill, out by Mr. Atxvood, in the time of the late King James. Another Clause was offered to the Bill, That the Te-

He testified also, That he had been at many Elections nants of Colleges shall pay the Taxes for their Estates, for Members of Parliament;-and that these honorary where they have agreed io to do.

Freemen always voted; and never any Dispute made of And the same was twice read; and, upon the Ques-it; though at several of those Elections there were several f|on put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Competitors, and Polls.

And fb laid Wm. Car the Town-Clerk.

It was likewise testified by Carr and ? That they were at the Election now, and Slakes, J thought it fairly carried; and the Poll taken in the same Method it was always used to be; The Bailiffs first, and then the Aldermen and Common Council, $c. .*

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Eliah Harvey Knight is duly elected a Burgds to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Eliah Harvey Knight is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament far the Borough off Malden, in the County Of Eftr.

Another Clause was offered to be made Part of the Bill, That all Mayors, Bailiffs, and Aldermen, shall be Commissioners of the Act within their Divisions.

And the Question being put, That the same be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Officers to pay in course.

And the same was twice read.

And an Amendment being proposed, to leave out " except for Victuals;"

And the Question being put, That those Words do stand Part of the Clause;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas/Mr'

[Mr. Parkhurst: ^Colonel Golduell,

| J09. } 91*

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grafted.

-:V Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro-

diu. ceeded in the further Consideration of the Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

A Clause was offered io be added to the Bill, for a Penalty, if Duplicates were not returned, and written in a Book.

And the same was -twice read: And there being a Blank therein, the same was filled up by the House.

And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the ‘ Bills for Auditors to deduct and allow the Assessment.

Vol XI.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Disciplining the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy-Royal; And the ^avT-that Mr. Paul Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Oooic.

64 19® Januarii. A. 1693.

Veneris, 19° die

5* Gulielmi ef Marias.

Amendment they define the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Dutton Colt have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month upon extraordinary Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre.

Ordered, That Sir Henry have Leave to go

into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel have Leave to go

into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Mildmay's A Bill to vest the Estate of Mary, Eliz. Jane,

Estate. bella, Lucy, and Ann Mildmay, in Trustees, to be sold

for Satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon; and preserving the Overplus, for their Benefit; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Sir Fran. Molineux, Sir Sir Thom. Lee,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Price, Mr. Pollen, Sir Chr.

Musgrave, Mr. Christy, Mr. Mr. Sanford, Mr.

Hawtry, Sir Edward NMr. Mr.

Mr. Ash, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Bitfield, Mr. Slater, Sir Tho. Samwell, Mr. White, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Fra. MajSir Robert Clayton, Sir liam York, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Mr.

Mr. St. John: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Privilege — A Petition of John Bush and Thom. Croft, in Custody Persons in of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege com-tition for6" fitted against Colonel Sa Alember of this House,

discharge. was presented to the House, and read; whereby they acknowledged their Offence, and begged Pardon for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Bush and Thomas Croft be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Alorning, in order to their Dil'charge.

Royal Mines. Mr. Shackerley reported for the Committee, to w hom

the Bill to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Alines was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Legat'd:

Air. Speaker,

Vivian'* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Eftatt. to enable John Vivian Esquire, and Thomas Vivian his Son, to fell some Part of their Estate, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for younger Children; and for settling other Part of their Estate, in lieu thereof; without any Amendments.

Importing And also, They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, thrown Silk. An Act for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown-Silk; with an Amendment: To which

Leave of Absence.

Importing ' Saltpetre.

Leave of Absence.

Air. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom Persons the Bill to repeal the Statute of io# Edward III, whereby pardoned of the Judges are obliged to take Security from Persons *e on^‘ pardoned for Felony, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And one of them was disagreed, and the Residue were agreed, unto by the House, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Fo. L. by leaving out, " Afurder, or other."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

tingham, &c.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Utter to Report of the Conference with the Lords on Tuejilay last: Karl of Not-And the same was read.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Alembers of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That his Majesty will be pleased to command, that a Copy of a Letter, dated from Paris, June i®, N. S.and received 30*,

O. S. 1693, by the Earl of Nottingham, may be laid before this House: And also, That his Majesty will be plealed to give Permission to the Alembers of this House that are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, to acquaint this House, what Intelligence was received of the French Fleet's being failed out of Brest; and whether the same was communicated to the Admirals of the Fleet; and when the same was communicated.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Arorn- Ways ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- and Mean*.. mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Aforn- Supply Bill j ing next, at Eleven a Clock, relblve itself into a Coin- Million-A<: v mittee of the whole Iloulb, to consider of the Bill for Deficiency, supplying the Deficiency of the Aloney to be raised by the Alillion-Act.

Mr. Papillion, according to the Order of the Day, re- Kew £aft

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to India whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition Company, of several Merchants, and others, in and about the City of Lbndon, relating to the East India Trade; and for Erecting of a new East India Company; was referred; and also to which Committee was referred, the Petitions of several Linendrapers, both against, and on the Behalf of, the East India Company; and the Petitions of the L

Clothiers of the Counties of Gloucester and and of J

the Packers, Dyers, and others, Traders in the Woollen Manufacture; and of the Company of Fcltmakers; and of the Merchants, and others, concerned in the Ship Red-bridge; and of the old East India Company, and new Subl'cribers; and the Charters of 3* Apr. 130 Car. II. and ii° Nqv. last; the Resolution of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the Subjects of England have equal Right to trade to the East Indies, unless prohibited by Act of Parliament.

And

as

t*<U

19*' — -io° Januarii.

65

And the Question bpiu$ prqpwndqd, That the House do apte with the Coqrupitjtee in the said Rjfolqtion

The previous Quel'tiop wr# put, That That (Question he now put:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said RefoLuiion, That all the Subjects of England have equal Right to trade to the East Indies, unless prohibited by A fit of Parliament.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And. then the JJoufe adjourned tiU Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 20* die Januarii;

trw

0'fa. uafc

jy Cipflj etr-b*

! (! fr>m :* ta'Lnfr

)r. Birch ,picdCfi.

MVP of icffhce.

5* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

MR. Bromley acquainted the House, That he had been with Doctor South, whom he found very ill; and acquainted hint with the Desire of this House, That lie would preach before them the 30th of January instant: Which the Doctor received with all due Honour, and laid, That he was ferry he was not in a Condition to perform his Duty to this House, being in a very ill State of Health; and humbly desired the Excule of this House.

Ordered, That Doctor Birch be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaretfs, Westminster, the 30th of January next: And that Mr. Bromley and Sir Tho. Dyke do acquaint him therewith.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Estate of the said William Stevens, for PayuSent of the Mortgage thereupon, and applying the Overplus for the Benefit of his Sons: And that Colonel do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

John Bu/h, and Tho. Croft, wrere, according to Order, privilege-brought to the Bar: Where, upon their Knees, they fert«u» rereceived a Reprimand from Air. Speaker. pniuuiKted

Ordered, That the said John Bush, and Tho. , be chJged. discharged out of Custody, paying their Lees.

A Bill to enable Roger Whitley Esquire, and Tho. 'Whaley's Whitley Esquire, to exchange certain Lands, of equal ^Uaie. Value, within the County of Chester, w as read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Femeick,

Mr. Hutchmfon, Mr. Cullif'ord, Mr. Slater, Mr. Lextes,

Mr. Arnold, Colonel Lee, Sir Ra. Mr. Wa Her,

Mr. England, Sir Jo. AJainwaring, Mr. Christy, Mr. Shae-

kerly, Mr. Butler, Mr. Foley, Sir William Cook, Mr.

Price, Mr. Smith, Mr. Waller, Mr. Lutterell, Sir John Bolls, Colonel Perry, Sir Fr. Molyneux, Mr. Bozeyer,

Mr. Foley; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Colonel Praed have Leave (he Country, for Recovery of his Health.

to go into

The House took into Consideration the Amendment Importing made by the Lords to the Bill intituled, An Act for the Im- thrown bilk, portation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples T hrow n-Silk.

And the same was read; and is as follow eth; ,

Press 2. L. 31. leave out from " notwithstanding," to the End of the Rill.

"hpfin'i

And the fame, being read a Second time, was, upon the A Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Sufun Chaplin, and Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

cue.

m

jjlus

Dorothy her Daughter, for Payment of Debts, and make-ing a Provision for the said Sujand Dorothy, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air.

Mr. Slater, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Eduard Hussey, Mr.

Walter, Sir Fra. Guibon, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Mr.

White, Sir John Knight, Mr. TSir Tho. Haslerigg,

Sir Eduard Windham, Mr. Lutterell, Colonel Perry, Air.

Piggo/t, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Cook, Mr. Hide, Mr. JVillmot, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Kill\Mr. Shackerley. Sir Jer.Elwes, Sir John Key, Sir Wm. Cook, Colonel Zee, Mr. Bochenham, Sir Roger Pules-ton, Mr. Trcdenham, Mr. Blofield; and all the Afembers

that serve for the Counties of Hu, and Cambridge, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Air. Chadwick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment

Ordered, That the Letters transmitted to this House by Cap.Prddar'* Captain Peddar be translated: And that Sir Benjamin Leu(<jrs be Newlandand Sir Joseph Hern do translate the fame, and tran ‘tte

present the Translations thereof to the House.

An ingossed Bill, for the F.afe of Jurors who serve at the Assizes in England and Wales, w as read the T hird time.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Ordered, 1'hat the said Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight, after Twelve a Clock.

Ease of J ur rs.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Impeach-ceeded in the further Consideration of the Articles against ment of Lor^ the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charles Porter. Comngfby,

And the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charles Porter, were

A Petition of Edward Pickering Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill

notv depending in this House, for felling the Estate of - -,

Susanand Dorothy Chaplin: That the Petitioner hath a heard thereupon, in their Places

Mortgage and Statute upon the said Estate for about And then withdrew.

3,000l. :And that, as the said Bill is drawn, the Petitioner's That this House will proceed in the Con-

Right is not sufficiently laved; And praying to be heard ^cJal*on o/ Articles, Article by Article.

h'MI, before the Puffing of the (hid Pill. fiefolved, I tat the Debate upon the tad Articles be

- - - adjourned until Alorning next

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charley Porter, do take their Places in this House, until the said adjourned Debate be resumed.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Colonel Perry reported from the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of die Petition of Sarah Stevens, on behalf of Henry and William Stevens, Sons of William Stevens, deceased, was referred, That they had examined and considered the Matter of the said Petition; and had come to a R they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read hi his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz,

Vox,. XL

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Is'iue a Clock.

22° — a 3° Januarii.

A: 1693.

Leave of Abfetice.

0

Luna, 22° die Januarii;

50 Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

RDFRED, That Sir Richard Middleton have Leave to go ir.to the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out the Clause in the 4'2d Press, which related to the Appointing of entiling Ships.

And the Quei'tion being put, That the said Claufil stand in the Bill;

The House divided. The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Pensions &e. < Ordered, That the Commissioners for stating the pub-to Members./lick Accounts do, upon Morning next, ac-

1 cording to the Order of the 21st of lait, lay

I before this House an Account of the Pensions, Salaries,

fColonel Granville, f Mr. Boyle:

[Mr.

\Sir W:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative Re/blvcd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

Tellers for the Noes,

} >87-} 123.

and Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members ot An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four

Execution of Justice in Wales.

parliament, out of the publick Revenue, or otherwise,

A Bill for the better Execution of Justice, within the Principalities of Wales, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Price, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. , Sir Walt.

Young, Mr. Foley, Mr. Deicmw, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Robert Edon, Mr . Lloyd, Mr. Mr Sir Eduard Hussey, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pap'llMr. Hozc, Sir Ra. Dutton. Sir 7 Lee, Mr. Mr.

Blojicld, Mr. Smith, Mr Onslow, Mr. Colonel

Titus. Sir Edw. Abney, Sir Robert Cotton. Mr. son, Mr. Hedger, Mr. ThornhaughMr. Mr.

Vaughan, Sir John Knight, Mr. Sir John More-

ton, Mr. Cook, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Clark, Mr. Christy, Mr. Palmes, Mr. England, Mr.

Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, for the carrying on a vigorous War against France.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrovr Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is,234 die Januarii;

5* Gulielmi et Maria?.

Pray ers.

Committed.

Delays at

Quarter-

Stillioiis.

Encouraging

Privateers.

White, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Roger. Pukfton, "Sir Jervas f\ltDERThat the Committee, who are to inspect, Encouraginj

Elves; and all the Members oi the House that serve for and consider of, the late Act for encouraging Priva- Privateers, the Counties of Salop, Hereford, Gloucester, and Mon- teers; and to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for their better

mouth: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of Encouragement; do fit de die diem. the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer be A Petitition of the Clothiers in Gloucestershire was pre- woollen heard by his Couniel, before the said Committee, touch- l^nted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Manufacture, ing the said Bill. 'irade of exporting the Woollen Manufactures,

did, for many Ages, llourish under the Government of A Bill to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter- the Company of Merchant-Adventurers of England;

Woollen

Sessions of the Peace was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Waller Colonel Churchill,

Mr. Gold:cell, Mr. Harley, Sir TI10. Middleton, Colonel

Perry, Mr. Waller, Mr. Palmes, Sir Jervas Sir

Chr. Greenfield, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bower, Mr.

Sir El tab Harvey, Sir John Banks, Mr. Air.

Clarke. Sir Joseph Tredenham, Mr. England, be added to the Committee, who are to inspect, and consider of, the late Act for encouraging of Privateers; and to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for their better Encouragement: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill to revive the Act made in the

but, since Foreigners did intermeddle with that Trade, the same is much lessened, and the Poor increased:

That the only Way to preserve the said Trade to this Nation is, to protect the said Company in their Privileges and Trade to the Rivers of Elbe, and

Eyder: And praying, That the said Company may be protested in their Trade to the said Rivers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Second time.

A Petition of the Company of Leather-fellers of Lon- Leather-don was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, tutting. That there is a Bill depending in this House, for make-ing more effectual a Statute made in the lit Jac. I. concerning Tanners, and others occupying the Cutting of Leather; which lrill, if it should pal's, would greatly

Manufacture. First Year of their Majesties Reign, to prevent the prejudice the Petitioners: And praying, That they may

Order for preici t ing Decorum ill De Dates.

Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manutaftures of this Kingdom, be read Tomorrow Morning, alter Ten a Clock.

To the end that all the Debates in this House should be grave and orderly, as becomes so great an Assembly; and that all Interruptions should be prevented; Be it Ordered and Declared, That no Member of this House do presume to make any Noise or Disturbance, whill't any Member shall be orderly debating, or whilst any Bill, Order, or other Matter, shall be in reading or opening: And, in case of Inch Noise or Disturbance, that Air. Speaker do call upon the Member, by Name, making l'uch Disturbance: And that every such Person shall incur the Displeasure and Cenlure of the House.

Supply Rib; Land Tax.

ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majesties an f l our Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, for

An Aid of

the carrying on a vigorous War against France, was read the Third time.

be heard, in order to make their Objections against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual a Statute made in the First Year of King James the First, concerning Tanners,

Curriers, Shoemakers, and others occupying the Cutting of Leather, is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard by their Couniel, before the said Committee, touching the said Bill.

Air. IJungerford, according to Order, presented to the Holt's Ella House a Bill for diverting several Securities out of Andrew Fountein Esquire, and others; and vesting the same in Trustees, for raising and paying the Money due upon the said Securities; and assigning the Residue of the El'tate, encumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt Baronet: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

22

SW..&M

23° Januarii.

7

I«re of Abicwf.

Trvals for Titufoo.

Pffions par-(jiv.td of FcJonjr*

Ordered, That Mr. Broun have; Leave to go into the 31st of May last, sent to them, and- of the Lift of the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occufions. Ships therein mentioned; ami also the Originals.

Rejoiced, \That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Rejoiced, That a Committee be appointed to consider ing next, at Eleven a Clock, relblve itself into a Com- of the Privileges of the Members of this House; and mittee of the whole House, consider of the Pill for likewise how the same may be regulated in such manner* Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Mif- as that they may be least burdensome to the People; and priliou of Treason. to report their Opinions therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Walter Young, Mr. /in ingrossed Bill to repeal the Statute made in the Mr. Done, Mr. Mr. Frtke, Mr.

Tenth Year of King Edu ard the II Id, for finding Sureties Slater, Mr. Mr. Waller, Mr. , Sir

for the good Abearing, by him or her that hath a Pardon Richard Hart, Mr. Sam!ford Mr. Man fell, Mr. of Felony M as read the Third time. foMr. Figot, Mr. Mr. Mr. Fox, Refilled, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Elk Ilarvty, Mr. Bromley, Sir,

Privileges of Parliament.

An Act to repeal the Statute made in the Tenth Year of King Eduardxht Third, for finding Sureties for the good Abearing, by him or her that hath a Pardon of Felony.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Privilege — i Per lun in cufudy pc-rush for ikbuge.

IVm, Cooke, Mr. Christy, Mr. Rich. How, Mr. Foley, Mr. Perry, Mr. Sir John Key, Mr. Harley, Sir

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr. England,

Air. Hampden, Sir Fra. Guibon, Sir Edward Harley, Mr.

BColonel Colonel Granvill, Sir John More-ton, Mr. Braxton, Sir Richard Air. Arnold,

A Petition of John Grevill, in Custody of the Serjeant Mr. Clarke, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Mount ague, at Arms, upon a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Duncomhe, Mr. And they are to

comniitteJ against Sir Ralph Dutton, a Alember of this meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers House, was presented to the House, and read; setting Chamber, forth, That the Petitioner was taken into Custody, for a

supposed Breach of Privilege, committed in entering Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-upon the Estate of Sir Ralph Dutton, and cutting down and ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Corn-carrying away his Tree, and beating one John Frinn, his mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Steuaid: That the Petitioner never entered on Sir Ralph's the Lord Alayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council of Estate, nor cut down the said Tree; but the Tree grew the City of London, concerning the Orphans of the said

London Orphans Fund.

on the Petitioner's own Manor, and was planted by his Anceftois; That he never assaulted Prinn; but he, and 5 or 6 more, coming on the Petitioners own Ground, who was walking with a Gun in his Hand, endeavouring to take away the Petitioner's Gun, the Petitioner did resist him, having no legal Authority to take away the Petitioner's Gun: That the Petitioner has been put to great Trouble and Charge, upon this groundless Accuili-tion: Anti praying, That lie may be heard, as to the Matters charged against him, and discharged from his Confinement.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

I Arifwtt to I Aoiitli,

Mr. Secretary Trenehard acquainted the House, That his Majesty, in Answer to the humble Address of this House, had been graciously pleated to command him to lay before this House a Copy of a Letter, dated from Paris, June l*, N. S. and received May 30 % O. S. by the Earl of Nottingham.

And he pireiented the same to the House.

And also, That his Majesty had been pleased to give Permission to such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's. most Honourable Privy Council, to acquaint this House, what Intelligence was received of the French Beefs being failed out from Brest; and whether the same was communicated to the Admirals of the Fleet, and when the same was communicated.

And the said Letter being in French;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to' translate the said Letter, and pretent the Translation to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Ch. IFyndham, Mr. Hutchin-/oh, Lord Dighy, Mr. Hair, Sir John Knight, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Papillion, Sir John Wyn, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir John Batiks, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Jof. Williamson, Lord Elan, Sir William Scaiten.

City.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of all Protestants that shall take the Oaths to thdir Majesties, and the Tcft against Popery.

Ordered, That the Bill for reviving the Act, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning, before the adjourned Debate, touching the Articles against the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charles Porter, be resumed.

Importing

Saltpetre.

ProtestanU at.

Woollen

Manufacturt.

1 tomupj Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning [ntUu. 'into further Consideration the Miscarriages of

the Fleet the last Summer.

Ordered, That the Admirals that commanded the Fleet the last Summer, do attend this House upon Friday Morning next; and bring with them Copies of the Advices, mentioned in Air, Secretary Trenehard's Letter, of the Yol. XL

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Year 1694.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for supplying the Deficiency of the Alillion-Act.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Comin ttce, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they bacl directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Atorning at Eleven a Clock.

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Million Act Deficiency.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committe*

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

C3

Mercurii, 24* die Januarii;

5* GuHeltai et Marias.

Prayers.

Rye Writ /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-" rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye, in the room of Sir John Darell Knight, deceased.

Essex Writ Ordered, That Mr., Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Esse in the room of Lemot

Hmywood Esquire, deceased.

Royal Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, to prevent Disputes

Mines. and Controversies, concerning Royal Mines, be read the Third time, Tomorrow Morning, after Eleven a Clock.

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Sir Walt. , Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Math. , Mr. Clarke, Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Onslow, Sir Richard Hart, Mr.

Colonel Holt, Mr. PoUcxfen, Mr. Mr. Bofcawen,

Mf. Hutchinson, Sir S. Bemadiston, Sir Charles , Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Booth, Sir John Knight, Mr. White, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. GSir Jona. Sir Thom. Vernon, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Dyot, Sir Ben. Newland, Mr. Palmes, Sir Eliah , Mr.

Lutterell, Mr. Bromley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Travers, Mr. Boyle, Mr. , Mr,

Smith, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Hung Mr. Hedger, Mr, Slater, Mr. Waller, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Colonel Perry, Lord Willoughby, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. England, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Culliford, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir John Moreton, Sir William Yorke: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of England

Company. wa3 presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trade to Guinea, on the African Coast, cannot be maintained without Forts and Castles: And therefore other Countries, that trade thither, have, by their Laws eltabl'rshed the Management of that Trade to particular Societies, finding it impracticable to preserve it safe in the way of a joint Stock, and subjecting all other their Subjects, who shall disturb them, to i'evere Penalties: That that Trade is of more Importance to England, than any other State, by the Exportation of the Woollen and other Manufactures; the Returns whereof are in Gold, Elephants Teeth, Dying Wood, and supplying their Majesties Plantations with Negroes: That the Petitioners have, for some Years past, been at about 20,000l. per Ann. Charge, in maintaining several Forts and Castles; and have lately taken from the French the Castles of Senegal/, and Goree, their only Places of Trade in the North of Africa;and have ful'tained great Losses at Sea since the War: That, unless the Petitioners are encouraged, they will shortly be disabled to maintain their Forts and Castles; so that the Trade to Africa will be in Danger of being totally loft to this Kingdom: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the preserving and establishing the Trade, according to the Charters granted to the said Company; or with such Alterations, as may be thought nectflary: And fub-mitting the whole Matter to the Wisdom of the House.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the Iloul'e.

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Mr. Mvuntague, Mr. Clark, Mr. Ryder, Sir John Knight, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir Tho.

Dyke, Mr. Brewer, Sir Mr. Mr.

Blofield, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Walter Young, Mr. England, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Burdet, Sir

Massam, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Goldzcell, Mr. Cook, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Fran. Guibon, Mr. Perrey, Sir Robert Davers, Sir John Fled, Mr. Lewes, Mr Morris, Mr. Fuller, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir John Key, Sir Wm. Pritchard, Mr. Palmer, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Mr. Henley, Sir Steph.Evans, Mr. Holt, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Bear, Mr. Waller, Mr. S. Smith, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Ma. Andrews, Sir Rob. Eden, Sir Roger Puleston, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Hedger, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Isaac bozo, Mr. Travers, Sir John; and nil the Mem-

bers of the House that serve for the Sea-Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Trade of the Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider

Nation. of the Trade of the Nation; and how the same may be preservd from Decay, and improved; and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That no private Bufinefe be proceeded upon Private after Ten a Clock. Bufmeft.

Mr. Boyle, according to Order, presented to the House info a Bill to velt the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Forfeitures. Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War: And also,

A Bill to veil the forfeited Estates in England in their English Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War. Forfeitures.

And the same were received.

Ordered, That the said Bills be read Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for stating the Vensions &c, publick Accounts do, upon Saturday Morning next, lay members, before this House, according to the Order of the 21st I of November last, an Account of the Pensions, Salaries, / and Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members of/ Parliament out of the publick Revenue, or otherwise. j

A Bill for reviving the Act made in the First Year of Woollta their Majesties Reign, to prevent the Exportation of Manu-Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of fattures* this Kingdom, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{|j . } .64.

Te,lers for, heN«,{|;|"? }

So it was resolved in tire Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Newport, Sir Robert Davers, Colonel Perry, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Hutchinson,

Sir Sam.Dashwood, Mr. Slater, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Travers, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. England, Mr. Sir

Ra.Carr, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Bear, Sir Tho.

Dyke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fuller, Sir Cha. ley, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Rich.Onslow Mr. Price, Sir John Guise, Lord Pazclet, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Herbert,

Mr. Jeffryes. Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Sanford, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Edrward Chifnall, Sir John Brownhrw, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Pelham, Sir Br. Stapleton, Mr.

Waller, Sir Wm. Lang/tam, Mr. Fawkes, Sir Guibon,

Sir Ro. Colton, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Freke, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Onslow, Sir John More-ton, Sir John Key, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Hopkins: Anil all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet

sW.&M.

240 — 2 50 Januari'i.

69

WiYlllfO

)Uulk-

Umfc

( Bill; n»n-Art

.:CCltDCJ»

this Afternoon at Four a fcjock, in the Speakers Chamber: And are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And it is to he an Infmiftioft to the said Costimittee, That they do take into their Consideration, the Transporting of Wool to the Islands of Jersey and Guernfcyi

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others, of the County of Gloucester, presented to the House, and read, the 23d Instant, be referred to the said Committee*

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Trade in the North of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are very much impoverished, their Trade being much decreased since the Expiration of the Act for a free Trade to Flanders, Germany, and Holland; so that great Numbers of poor People, who then got their Subsistence in the Woollen Trade, are now kept by their respective Parishes: And praying, That a free Trade to Flanders, Holland, and Germany, may be continued.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving the Act made in the first Year of their Majesties Ileign to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the

St

m*

L'tV

and Consideration of the Petition of the Wool-combers, and Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in the Counties of Suffolk, Notjblke, Essex, Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Edxrard Sir Gilbert Clarke*

Mr. Bouyet'iMr. Tilney, be added to the Committee,

to whom the Bill for making more effectual a Statute made in the First Year of King James the Firli, concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others, occupying the Cutting of Leather, is committed.

And then the Ilouie adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clocki

Jovis, 2o° die;

50 Gulielmi et Marian

Pra v ers.

/~\RDERED, That Mr. Gee have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Edu ard Acton have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the great Spoils and Abuses committed upon

Day, reported from the Committee of the whole..... Wrecks: And that Mr. do prepare, and bring

to «hotn the Bill for supplying the Deficiency of the in, the lame.

Million-Act Was committed, That they had considered the fame; and also the Petition of divers Persons, on behalf of themselves and others, who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Million-Act, to receive Annuities for Lives, after the Rate of Fourteen Pounds per Cent.; the Consideration whereof was referred to the said Committee: And that they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And the same were,'

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Endowment of a Chapel at Wapping, and making of it Parochial, and distinct from the Parish of Whitechapel: And the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and' Sir John Franklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous

u'ion the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto War against France, with some Amendments: To which by the House, except Clause B; which was to relieve ' ' '

such as had omitted to name their Nominees in time.

And, in relation to the Matter thereof, another Clause vas offered to the House, as more proper; and read the Tirft time.

Whereupon the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Amendment of Clause B;

It pafi'cd in the Negative.

Then the other Clause, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That, upon the Death of every Nominee, when reduced to Seven, his Share shall be equally divided amongst the Survivors.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

lb*V The Order of the Day, for the adjourned Debate

upon the Articles against "the Lord Coningsby, and Sir same appeared to be in the Clause, by which the Com

,.1 n j. I l n nrv wl 1 ^11 rv T r-k t-v tx li'rt 4- fi U a/wlw yx m h 1

Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill, to prevent Disputes and Controver-fies concerning Royal Mines, was read the Third time.

Rcfoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent Disputes and Controveriies concerning Royal Mines.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France, were read; and are as followeth; viz.

6 Skin, L. 3. for " Receipt or Receipts," read " Precept or Precepts."

10 Skin, L. 26. before " transerihe," read " to."

31 Skin, L. 20. leave out the Word " any" before the Word " Receiver."

The First Amendment being read a Second time, the

millioners are to direct the Inhabitants, High-Constables, Bailiffs, or other like Officers and Ministers, or such Number of them as they in their Discretions should think most convenient, to appear before them, at such Time and Place as they should appoint; and, at such their Appearances, that the Commissioners should read to them the Rates and Assessments mentioned in the said Act; and firdrnd, That Sir Joseph William [on, and Mr. Hunger- also openly declare the Effect of their Charge to them;

rtl.be added to the Committee, to whom the Examination and bow, and in what manner, they ought and should make Vol. XI. T their

Charles Porter, being read;

Resolved, That the said Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charles Porter, do take their Places in this House, until the said Debate be resumed.

Leather-

cutting*

Leave 6t Absence.

Preferring

Wrecks,

St. John of

Wapping

Parish.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Royal Min#*.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

25° — 260

A. 1693.'

their Certificates, and proceed in the Execution Of the said Act.

And as the Clause was ingrossed, it was, That the Commissioners should direct their several and joint Receipt or Receipts to such Inhabitants, High-Constables, Bailiffs, and other like Officers and Ministers, and such Number of them as they in their Discretions should think fit, for the Purposes before-mentioned: Whereas it should have been, That the Commissioners should direa their several and joint Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants, High-Constables, Bailiffs, <$-c.

And the said Amendment being only literal, and a Mistake of the Clerk in the ingrossing the Bill, it was agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time, the same appeared to be in the Clause requiring the King's Remembrancer in the Exchequer, within Three Months after the Duplicates of the last Payment, upon the said Act, shall be transmitted to him, to transcribe all the Schedules and Duplicates of the Sums returned to him, and transmit all and every the same Schedules and Duplicates of the Sums returned to him from every County, Riding, and Place therein, in a Book of Parchment, in alphabetical Order, and in a fair and legible Handwriting, to the Office of the Writer of the Tallies, commonly called. The Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer: And as the Clause was ingrossed, the Word " to' was omitted before the Word " transcribe which being an Omission of the Clerk in the Ingrossment, the said Amendment was agreed unto by the House.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time, the same appeared to be in the Clause, which infli&s a Penalty of 1,000l. upon the Receiver-General, or his Deputy, in case of paying any of the Monies, by him received by virtue of the said Act, other than into the Receipt of the Exchequer.

And, as the Clause was ingrossed, it was, That in case any Receiver-General, or his Deputy, should pay any Part of the Monies, fyc.; which was a Redundancy, and a Mistake of the Clerk; and therefore the said Amendment was agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be particularly entered in the Journal of this House, to the end the Nature of the said Amendments may appear.

Irish For- A Bill to vest the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their feitures. Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the Wars, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

F.nglish For- A Bill to veil the forfeited Estates in England in their ieiiuree. Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon WednesdayMorning next.

Disfran- Ordered, That the Bill to disable the Borough of chifing Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, from fending Borough.Burgees to serve in Parliament for the future, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Building Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Ships. building good and denfenfible Ships ..... have Power to fend for Persons and Papers.

Royal Afltnt, A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, to Bills. Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers immediately.

And accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Bills following;

viz.

1. An Act for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, for carrying On a vigorous War against France.

2. An Act for Repealing of such Parts of several former Acts, as prevent or prohibit the Importation of foreign

Brandy, Aqua-Vita, and other Spirits, and Bacon, except;

from France.

3. An Act for the Repeal of a Clause in the Statute

made in the Four-and-thirtieth and Five-and thirtieth,

Years of King Henry the Eighth, by which Justices in Wales are limited to Eight in each County.

4. An Act for the Importation of fine Italian, Sicilian, and Naples Thrown-Silk.

3. An Act to enable John Vivian Esquire, and Tho.

Vivian his Son, to fell feme Part of their Estate, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for younger Children; and for settling other Part of their Estate, in lieu thereof.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, State of the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Kingdom, consider of the State of the Kingdom.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Whitehall'* -enable John Whitehall to charge certain Lands with the Kuate. ,:

Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, towards Portions lor his younger Children.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered That all Committees be adjourned. Commitu*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 26° dieJanuarii;

5* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Anns attending Members this House do go into Westminster-hand the le- summoaei . veral Courts there, and into the Court of Requests; and require the Attendance of the Members of this House immediately.

And he went with the Mace accordingly.

1 C w

And, being returned;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into the Speaker's Chambers, and require all Persons that are not Members of the House to withdraw: And that he do lock up the Back-door, and bring the Key, and lay the same upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Cham- Speaker's; bers be lock'd up, and the Key laid upon the Table, Chambers every Morning at Ten a Clock. e oc e'

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Miscarrias

wfr lul/o intn furtbpr IVinfirlpralinn ttiA Alllcarna^CS ^til® 1

is

next, take into further Consideration the of the Fleet the last Summer.

Ordered, That the Admirals of the Fleet, who attended tills Day according to Order, do attend this House again upon Thursday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- State of tl solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Kingdom, consider of the State of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. 'r

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, j i

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they li

had a

5

gW.&M. 26° — 2f

had directed him to report to the House, when the

would please to receive the same.

Rcfo/ved, That the said Report be now received.

Colonel GranviU reported the said Resolutions of the Committee of the whole House: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as felloweth; viz.

Re/b/ted, That it i9 the Opinion of this Committee, That whoever advised the King, not to give the Royal Assent to tlte Act touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, which was to redress a Grievance, and take off a Scandal upon the Proceedings of the Commons in Parliament, is an Enemy to their Majesties, and the Kingdom.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Representution be made to his Majesty, humbly to lay before him, how few' the Instances have been, in former Reigns, of denying the Royal Assent to Bills for Redress of Grievances; and the great Grief of the Commons for his not having given the Royal Assent to several publick Rills; and particularly to the Bill, intituled, An Act torching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, which tended so much to the clearing the Reputation of this House; after their having so freely voted to supply the publick Occasions.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Refo/ved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That whoever advised the King, not to give the Royal Assent to the Act touching tee and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, which was to redress a Grievance, and take off a Scandal upon the Proceedings of the Commons in Parliament, is aii Enemy to their Majesties, and the Kingdom.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; Refotced', That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Representation be made to his Majesty, humbly to lay before him, how lew' the Instances have been, in former Reigns, of denying the Royal Assent to Bills for Redress of Grievances; and the great Grief of the Commons for his not having given the Royal Assent to several publick Bills; and particularly to the Bill, intituled, An Act touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, which tended so much to the clearing the Reputation of this House*, after their having so freely voted to supply the publick Occasions.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare, and draw up, an humble Representation to his Majesty upon the said Resolutions; and to report the same to this House.

And it is referred to Colonel Granville, Mr. Sir

Tim. Clarges, Lord Digbi/, Mr. Boyle, Sir Waller Young,

Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Thom. Dyke, Sir Eduard Sir

John Knight, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Harley, Sir

Rowland Guyn, Mr. Sackerley, Mr. Mordant, Sir Robert Duvet's, Mr. Palmes, Mr. GolduvMr. Bromky, Mr. Clark, Mr. S. Smith, Colonel Churchill, Mr.

Lord Cutis, Sir Fr. Winington, Lord Elan, Lord Falkland, Colonel Lexefon, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Bauyer,

Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Jerv.; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 27° die;

5° Gulielmi el Marise.

Prayers.

A PETITION of James MitchcU, and Edward [ Walter, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for

icMt)g a ^reach Privilege committed against Mr. Chaplin, a u&hivit Member of this House, was presented and read; whereby You XI.

Januarii. 7 i

they acknowleged their Offence, and begged Pardon for the lame; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said James Mitchell, and Eduard Walter, be brought to the Bar of this House upon Monday Morning next, in order to their JDischarge.

Ordered, That Mr. Machcllhave Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Lord have Leave to go into

the Country for a Fortuight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Bland have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into West-m ins ter-hall, and to the several Courts there, and into the Court of Requests; and require the immediate Attendance of the Members of this House.

And he went with the Mace accordingly.

And, being returned;

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up, and prepare an humble Representation to his Majesty, upon the Resolutions Yesterday made by this Iloufe, That they had prepared the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to tlj? House and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

May it please Your tnost Excellent Majesty,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, think ourselves bound, in Duty to your Majesty, humbly to represent, that the Ul'age in Parliament in all times hath been, That what Biils have been agreed by both Houses, for the Redress of Grievances, or other publick Good, have, when tendered to the Throne, obtained the Royal Assent; and That there are very few Instances, in former Reigns, where such Assent, in such Cases, hath not been given; and those attended with great Inconveniencies to the Crown of England: especially where the same hath been with-held, by lufinuations of particular Persons, without the Advice of the Privy-Council, thereby creating great Diflatisfactions and Jealouiies in the Minds of the People.

Your Commons therefore, out of their sincere Desire of the Welfare of your Majesty, and your Government ,* and that you may always reign, in Prolperity and Happiness, in the Affection of your Subjects; cannot, without Grief of Heart, reflect, That, since your Majesty's Accession to the Crown, several publick Bills, made by Advice of both Houses of Parliament, have not obtained the Royal Assent; and, in particular, one Bill, intituled, An Act touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, which was made to redress a Grievance, and take off a Scandal relating to the Proceedings of your Commons in Parliament; after they had freely voted great Supplies for the publick Occasions: Which they can impute to no other Cause, than your Majesty's being unacquainted with the Constitutions of Parliament, and the Insinuations of particular Persons, who take upon them, for their own particular Ends, to advile your Majesty contrary to the Advice of Parliament; and therefore cannot but look on such as Enemies to your Majesty, and your Kingdom.

We beg, Sir, you will be pleased to consider us as answerable to those we represent: And it is from your Goodnels we mult expect Arguments to loften to them, in feme measure, the necessary Hardships they are forced to undergo in this present Conjuncture: And therefore humbly befeecl\ your Majesty, for the removing of all Jealousies from your People, without which the Parliament will be less able to lerve your Majesty, or to support the Government, to be pleased to follow the Course of the best of your Predecessors; and to direct some Expedient, whereby your Majesty, your Parliament, and People, may reap the Fruit designed by that Bill, to

which

Leave of Absence.

Members

summoned.

Represen ta* tion on Rofufal of Royal Assent;

72

270 — 290

1693.

which your Majesty, by ill Advice, waB pleased so lately to deny the Royal Assent.

iTie First Paragraph, being read a Second time, was, tipon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Paragraph being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " your Majesty's being unacquainted with the Constitutions of Parliament, and."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the said Paragraph was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Paragraph being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Paragraph;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle, Mr. Mr.

Comptroller, Mr. Wharton, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Fra.

Winington, Mr. Pelham, Sir John , Mr. Smith,

Mr. Mountague, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. , Sir Tho.

Clarges, Mr. Secretary..... Sir Jof

Mr. Palmes, Lord Digby, Lord Colchester, Lord Elan, Sir John Thompson, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Gieyn, Mr.

Lord BeUamont, Mr. Hopkins, Lord do with-

draw into the Speaker's Chamber, and prepare a Con-clufion for the said Representation, upon the* Debate of the House; and present the same to the House.

And the Members withdrew accordingly.

Air. Vice-Chamberlain reported, That the Members who had withdrawn, had prepared a Conclusion to the said Representation; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he l ead in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth:

Upon tliele Considerations, we humbly beseech your Majesty to believe, That none can have so great a Concern and Interest in the Prosperity and Happiness of your Majesty, and your Government, as your Two Houses of Parliament: And do therefore humbly pray, That, for the future, your Majesty would graciously be pleased to hearken to the Advice of your Parliament, and not to

Supplies for the publick Occasions: Which they can impute to no other Cause than the Insinuations of particular Persons, who take upon them, for their own particular Ends, to adviie your Majesty contrary to the Advice of Parliament; and therefore cannot but look on such as Enemies to your Majesty, and your Kingdom.

Upon these Considerations, we humbly beseech your Majesty to believe, That none can have so great a Concern and Interest in the Prosperity and Happiuefe of your Majesty, and your Government, as your Two Houses of Parliament: And do therefore humbly pray. That, for the future, your Majesty would graciously be pleased to hearken to the Advice of your Parliament, and not to the secret Advices of particular Persons, who may have private Interests of their own, separate from the true Interest of your Majesty, and your People.

Resolved, That the said humble Representation lie presented to his Majesty by Air. Speaker, and the whole House.

Ordered, That foeh Alembers of this House that are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when lie wiil please to be attended by this House.

Ordered, That the Bill to veil the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Alajcftics, to be applied to the Use of the War, be read the Second time upon Alorning

next.

Irish Forfeitures.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Alorning London next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee ol Orphans the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Fund* Alayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, relating to the Orphans of the said City.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 29* die Januarii; 5" Gulielmi el Alarias.

Pray ers.

the secret Advices of particular Persons, who may have CjfJMES Mitchell, and Eihcard If cdter, were, according Privilege — -

* T f* m 1 9 i % A f* ala W f I I . 4 /N 4- V / t 1 . v i A. 1 v 4* a v 4 I a!<. ft Ua /XYtll

private Interests of their own, separate from the true Interest of your Majesty, and your People.

Refolded, That the said Representation, so amended, be agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

brought

y to the Order of Saturday last,

Where, upon their Knees, they received a from Air. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said James Mitchell, and Eduard Walter, be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

to the Bar: Persons Reprimand " ndei*

charged.

Ordered, That no private Business be proceeded upon, after Eleven a Clock.

Air. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom c. Turner's ~ the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Ertatt.

Charles Turner Esquire, whereby he prayed Leave to bring in a Bill for settling the Inheritance of feme Parts of his Estate, which lie dispersed, in himself; and settling an entire Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses that the other Estate stands settled; was referred;

viz.

May it please Your most Excellent Majesty,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament affeuibled, think ourselves bound, in Duty to your Majesty, humbly to represent,

That the Usage in Parliament in all times hath been,

That what Bills have been agreed by both Houses, for the Red refs of Grievances, or other publick Good, have, when tendered to the Throne, obtained the Royal Assent; and that there are very few Instances, in former Reigns, where such Assent, in such Cases, hath not been given; and those attended with great Inconveniencies to the

Crown of England; especially where the same hath been That they had examined and considered the same accord-with-held, by Insinuations of particular Persons, with- ingly: And had come to a Resolution; which they had out the Advice of the Privy-Council, thereby creating directed him to report to the House; which he read in great Dissatisfaction and Jealousies in the Minds of your his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's People. Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

Your Commons therefore, out of their sincere Desire Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

of the Welfare of your Majesty, and your Government; That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the and that you may always reign, in Prosperity and Hap- Prayer of the said Petition.

pinels, in the Affection of your Subjects; cannot, without Ordered, That Leave be given to bring-in a Bill,

Grief of Heart, reflect, That, since your Majesty's according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Accession to the Crown, several publick Bills, made by Mr. Bedingfield do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Advice of both Houses of Parliament, have not obtained

the Royal Afi'ent; and, in particular, one Bill, intituled, A Bill to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter- Delays at

An Mi touching free and impartial Proceedings in Sessions of the Peace was read the Second time. Qiurter-

Parliament; which was made to redress a Grievance, and R, That the Bill be committed to Sir be, Gun*-take off a Scandal relating to the Proceedings of your TredenhAfr. Kenyon, Mr. Waller, Mr. England, Mr. Commons in Parliament; after they had freely voted great Bedingfield, Mr. Christy, Mr. Fuller, Air?

19 M

5 W. # M.

2 90 Januarii-

73

/on, Sir F/\ Guibon, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. ground an Impeachment against the Lord Cmingsby for Hedger, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Arnold, the said Execution.

Mr. Cook, Sir Roger Pideslon, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Free- The Fifth Article being read

nan, Mr. Bowyer, S\r Richard Hart, Sir Edward Hussey, And the Question being put, That there does appear

Mr. Slater, Mr. Polleafen, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Clark, to this House l'ufficient Matter, upon the Examination of Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Jerv.Elwes, Sir this Article, to ground an Impeachment against the Lord Tho. Hussey; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: Cmhigsby;

It passed in the Negative.

Ifjre of Fmilfge.

!^ap- iMobe klititd.

fltVifToe I UvUUD.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Balch have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Complaint being made to this House of a Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Charles Raleigh, a Member of this House, by Henry Lord Colrainc, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Nicholas Blann, Samuel Neuman, John Shergold, William Penyer, Robert Harris, and John

Young, in entering upon the Pofietfion of the said Sir Charles Raleigh, the 2 2d Day of January inltant, and breaking his Mill-bank;

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And that the said Lord Colruin, and the other Persons aforesaid, do attend the said Committee.

Mr. Secretary Trenchard acquainted the House, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, having, according to Order, attended his Majel'ty, humbly to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he would be attended by this House, his Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Banqueting-House at Whitehall.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Clithei'oe in the County of Lancaster, be made upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

The Sixth Article being read }

And the Question being put, That there does appear to this House sufficient Matter, upon the Examination of this Article, to ground an Impeachment against the Lord Coningsby;

It passed in the Negative.

The Seventh Article being read;

And the Question being put, That there does appear to this House sufficient Matter upon the Examination of this Article* to ground an Impeachment against the Lord Coningsby;

It passed in the Negative.

The First Article against Sir Charles Porter being read;

Resolved, That the imposing the Oath mentioned in this Article was illegal.

Resolved, That, considering the State of Affairs in Ireland at that Time, this House doth not think fit to ground an Impeachment against Sir Charles Porter for imposing the said Oath.

The Second Article being read;

And the Question being put, That there does appear to this House sufficient Matter, upon the Examination of this Article, to ground an Impeachment against Sir. Charles Porter;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Article being read;

And the Question being put. That there does appear to this House sufficient Matter, upon the Examination of this Article, to ground an Impeachment against Sir Charles Porter;

It passed in the Negative.

I and

ISm.

The Fourth Article being read;

And the Question being put, That there does appear to this House sufficient Matter, upon the Examination of this Article, to ground an Impeachment against Sir Cha. Porter;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fifth Article being read;

And the Question being put. That there does appear to this House sufficient Matter, upon the Examination The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- of this Article, to ground an Impeachment against Sir

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

IhpnA-

;'.U Lord fumed the adjourned Debate upon the Articles against the

urcci ]

#Si Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charles Porter.

And the First Article against the Lord Coningsby being read;

Refobed, That the imposing the Oath mentioned in this Article was illegal.

Refobed, That considering the State of Affairs in Ireland at that Time, this House doth not think fit to ground an Impeachment against the Lord Coningsby for imposing the said Oath.

The Second Article being read;

And the Question being put, That there does appear to this House sufficient Matter, upon the Examination of this Article, to ground an Impeachment against the Lord Coningsby;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Article being read;

And the Question being put, That there does appear to this House sufficient Matter, upon the Examination of this Article, to ground an Impeachment against the Lord Coningsby;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Article being read;

Rejbbxd, That the Order of the Lord Coningsby for the Execution of Gafney, without Tryal, was arbitrary and illegal.

Replxxi, That considering the State of Affairs in Ireland at that Time, this House doth not thiok fit to You XI.

Cha. Porter

It passed in the Negative.

The Sixth Article being read;

And the Question being put, That there does appear to this House sufficient Matter, upon the Examination of this Article, to ground an Impeachment against Sir Charles Porter;

It passed in the Negative.

The Seventh Article being read;

And the Question being put, That there does 'appear to this House sufficient Matter, upon the Examination of this Article, to ground an Impeachment against Sir Charles Porter;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby, and Sir Charles

Porter, do take their Places in this House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned until Wednesday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Impeachment of Lord Coningsby, &c.

Committees,-

74

310 Januarii. — x0 Februarii. A. 1603.

Met'curii, 31° Januarii 5* Gulielmi et Maria:.

Ordered, That the Bill to vest the forfeited Estates in Englidi England in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of Forfeitures* the War, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Praters.

Itepire- TV M R. Speaker reported to the House, That he did, fented°npre" upon Monday last, present to his Majesty their

ente ' humble Representation: And that his Majesty was pleased to answer in this manner;

Ordered, That the Bill to disable the Borough of DisfraucLi-Stockbridge, in the County of Southam, from lending r,n5 Stock-Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the future, be read the Second time upon Monday Moruing next.

Dr. Birch thanked.

Answer to

JL Mieien-tation.

Anndell

Lle&un.

Leave of A b fence.

Prote Rants Kat.

Iiifh Forfeitures.

Gentlemen,

I will consider of your Representation; and will give you a speedy Answer: And I desire you to meet me here on Wednesday Morning at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Birch, for the Sermon by him preached before this

House Yesterdayat St.Margarett's, Westminster: And that he be desired to print the same: And that Sir Tho. Dyke and Mr. Hungerj'ord do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned until Eleven a Clock this Morning, in order to attend his Majesty.

The House being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That they having attended his Majesty, his Majesty had been pleased to give an Answer to their humble Representation: And that his Majesty had been pleased to deliver him the Paper out of which his Majesty read the same: Which Mr. Speaker read to the House; and is as followeth; vis.

Gentlemen,

I am very fenftble of the good Affections you have expressed to me upon many Occasions, and of the Zeal you have shewn for our common Interest: I shall make use of this Opportunity to tell you, That no Prince ever had a higher Esteem for the Constitution of the English Government than myself; and that I lhafl ever have a great Regard to the Advice of Parliaments. I am persuaded, that nothing can so much conduce to the Happiness and Welfare of this Kingdom, as an entire Confidence between the King and People; which I shall, by all means, endeavour to preserve: And I allure you, I shall look upon such Persons to be my Enemies, who shall advise any thing that may lessen it.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways and solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Guije took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Guifc reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions, in order to the railing of Ten hundred thousand Pounds upon a Fund to be settled for the Payment of perpe.tual Interest, redeemable by Parliament; which tiiey had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Guifealfo acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Bejblved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and,

Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Ma-jeftics, lor the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land Forces, lor the Service of the Year 1694.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Commitue.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 1® die Februarii; 5® Gulielmi et Maria?.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty's gracious Answer.

A Petition of John Cook Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 20th Instant, the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of A rum!el I, in the County of Sussex, in the room of Esquire, deceased; yet the Mayor of the said Town, who committed divers Irregularities in the Election, hath returned the Honourable the Lord Walden as duly elected: And praying Relief in the Premises, as this House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That no Motion be made for Leave for any Member to go out of Town, but only between the Hours of Twelve, and One a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of all such Protestants as shall take the Oaths to their Majestics, and the Toft against Popery.

Ordered, That the Bill to vest the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majestics, to be applied to the Use of the "War, be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Andrew Esquire was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner lent Sir Robert Father of Sir Charles Holt, the Sum of 5,000l. and took an Alignment of a Mortgage as his Security: That the Court of Exchequer, without any Declaration of Trust, or any Tryal at Law, have decreed, That there was a l'ecret and implied Trust in the Petitioner, for the 13 fe of Mr. Coke: That the House of Lords, upon a Hearing, did adjudge a Tryal in this Cafe; but afterwards, in a new Parliament, before any Tryal, or w ithout Notice to the Petitioner, they have changed the former Ifl'ue directed, foas entirely to cut off the Petitioner's just Defence; which, both by the Exchequer, and their Lordships former Judgment, was allowed him j lb that a Verdfet paflbd against the Petitioner by Default: That a Bill is brought into this House for Confirmation of the said Decree, and Second Order of the Lords; which if it should pals, not only a Rent-charge of

1,000 I. per Ann, which was always, whenever quefiioned, adjudged to the Petitioner, hut all his paternal, real, and personal Estate, and his Fortune with Two Wives, amounting to above 10,0001, will, by an unprecedented Sequestration, without any Provision for his Wife and Children, be wholly taken away: And praying. That he may be heard by his Counl'el, to the Premises; and that the whole Matter, being of the first Impreftion, and of great Consequence, may be let forth, before any further Procedure upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Second time.

Mr.

Holt'sEfiate,;

5 W. £5* M.

i* Februarii.

75

ir&idf/i Mr. Fenwick reported from the Committee, to whom Suit the Bill to enable Roger Whitley Esquire, and Thomas Whitley Esquire, to exchange certain Lands, of equal Value;, within the County of ,was committed,

That they had examined and considered the Matters of the Bill; and had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had dire filed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said A fit mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered,"That Mr,

Country, for Recovery of his Health;

Harris have Leave to go into

the

Leave of Absence.

Koval

jiiDfi

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles and

Mr. Meredeth;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Ordered, That Mr. Pawlct have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Knight have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Call of the lloutV.

MV

tiutt.

tatton.

OrThat the House be called over upon this

Day Sevennight: And that such Members as have not

, _ . - . , Leave to be absent, as frail not then attend their Service

to prevent Difpi.tes and Controversies concerning Royal in thb House be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at

Mines, without any Amendments. Arms

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Answer to

A Bill for divesting several .....out of Andrewceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty's gracious iteprefen.

Fountein Esquire, and others, and vesting tire same in Speech.

Tniftecs, for railing and paying the Money upon the said And the humble Representation of the House; and Securities; and aligning the Iiefidue of the Estate, incum- also his Majesty's gracious Answer; were read, bered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt Baronet; was read a And the Question being propounded, That an humble Second time. Application be made to his Majesty, for a further Answer

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Digbi/, to the humble Representation of this House;

..... ~ ' ' The previous Question was put, That That Question

be now put:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put, That an humble

Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Clark, Mr. Burdct, Sir

grave, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Henry Goff, Mr.

Sir Charles Ridley', Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. Dyke, Major Vincent, Mr. Sir Ra.

Dutton, Mr. Pooley, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Sir Win. Cooper, ' Application be made to his Majesty, for a further Answer Mr. Christy, Mr. Charter, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Tho. Mid- to the humble Representation of this House; dkion, Mr. Dyot, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Freeman, Mr. The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Blofield, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. White,

Sir John Leather, JVir. Foley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ryder,

Colonel Titus, Sir Roger Bul Mi*. Jervois, Mr. Slater, Mr. Preston, Sir John Mr. , Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Brmnley, Mr. Henley, Mr. Travers, Mr.

Row, Mr. Kenyon, Sir Jac. Ashlei/, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Waller, Sir John Key, Colonel Granville, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Hedger, Sir Pope

88.

Tellers for the Noes, {J£ So it passed in the Negative.

| 229

Sir J according to the Order of the Day, Ways Blount, Mr. Goldwell, Mr. Biddulph:° And they are to ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom and Means,

meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker s it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means

Chamber.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Andrew Founte Esquire, this Day presented to the House, and read, be referred to the said Committee: Who are to hear the said Petitioner by his Counsel; and to report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

HimiigM The House being informed, That the Admirals, who 'Mjeilttu commanded the Fleet the last Summer, attended, according to Order;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House Mr. Secretary Trenchard's Letter, of the 31 Day of May last; and the Lift of the Ships, and Advices, mentioned therein; and also Copies thereof.

for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, the Rcl'olutions of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it i$ the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for tire Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds be raised upon a Fund to be settled for the Payment of perpetual Interest, redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for securing the Interest of the said Ten hundred thousand Pounds, at 81, per Cent, per Annum, a Fund of

per Annum be settled,

-r-:ly Bill;

Pitney,

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Afonday Mom- Ninety-iix thousand Pounds ing next, after Eleven a Clock, take into further Consider- redeemable by Parliament, ation the Miscarriages of the Fleet the last Summer. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Fund for the said Ninety-six thousand Pounds An ingrossed Bill, for supplying the Deficiency of the per Annum Interest be granted to their Majesties, with Million-Act, was read the Third time. Power to vest the same in Traftees, for the Security of

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That all the Persons advancing the said Ten hundred thousand Grants made of the Surplus of the Money, arising by virtue of the Act, should be void.

And the same was read Three times J and, upon the

Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Impositions, lately resolved by the House, to be Question put thereupon, was agreed to be made Part of laid upon Salt, be Part ot' the Fund for anfivering and the Bill. securing the said Ninety-six thousand Pounds per Annum

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, Interest to their Majesties.

An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Duties of Excite upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the further answering and securing the said Ninety-six Yol XI. thousand

thousand Pounds per Interest to their Majesties, One-third Part of the Duties of Excile, granted to their Majesties by an Act made in the 2d Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors for Four Years from the time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excile upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of one Year, doth expire, be granted, and continued, to their Majesties, after the Monies, charged upon the said Duties, shall be satisfied. 1 The first of the said Resolutions being read a Second time.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill to vest the forfeited Estates in

or ei ore*. Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the

War, be read a Second time, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned' till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 2° die;

5* Gulielmi et Maria?.

Praters.

Clayton'* TV/TR- Waller reported from the Committee, to whom

£state. 1V1 the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to indemnify the Trustees of James Clayton Esquire, for joining with him in felling Lands for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the Bill; and also the Petition of Robert Fleet-wood, referred to them; and had heard the Petitioner, and his Witnesses: And that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as follow'eth; viz.

Pr. l. L. 10, after " James," insert " the Second."

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Bill was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass; t'r The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {J£ } 53-

Tellers for the Noes, {$£ j 46.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendment.

Holt'* A Petition of Ann Guavas, Executrix of William

Estate. G wax as deceased, who was the surviving Executor of

John Coke Esquire, on behalf of herfelft and Eleven Children, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said John Coke, in 1664, lent Sir Robert Holt, Father of Sir Charles Holt, by the Hands of Mr. Gwavas, 5,0001, on a Mortgage, in the Name of Amir. Fountein Esquire, in Trust for Coke; the Interest whereof was received by Gwavas, and applied to Coke's Use: That, in 1665, Coke settled a great Estate in Tail Male, with Power to grant Leases for 500 Years; and afterwards did, by Lease, demise the Manor of Holk-ham, §c. to Captain Coke, and Mr. Gwavas, for 500 Years, in Trust, for Payment of his Debts, Legacies, and Funerals: And the same Day Mr. Coke made his Will, and, as he had formerly declared, gave all his personal

Estate to Mrs, Cobb, his Sifter, Captain Coke his first Coulin, and Mr. Greaves, whom he made his Executors, to their own Disposition; and soon after died; That Robert Coke Esquire entered on the entailed Estate, as next Heir Male: Captain Coke and Mr. Gwavas, on the Trust-

Estate; and the Executors, on the personal: But Mr.

Fountein, having, by Surprize, gotten the Mortgage-Deeds of Sir Robert Holt's Estate, set up a Title thereto for himself: And thereupon the Executors exhibited a Bill in the Exchequer against Fountein; and he was decreed to assign Holt's Mortgage to the Executors, whole Right it was; and declared Fountein only a Trustee: That Robert Coke was satisfied in the Disposition of the personal Estate, and never questioned the fame; but, after his Death, the Relations of Edward Coke exhibited a Bill in the Exchequer against the said Executors, where, in 1

Hilary Term 1(182, it was decreed. That John Coke's personal Estate, after Debts, <$-c. paid, should go in Ease of the real Estate; which Decree, as adviied, is quite contrary to the Will; and against which the Petitioner hopes to be relieved: That the said Sir Cha. Holt bath preferred a Bill to this House for redeeming the said Mortgage, and that the Mortgage-money may be paid into the Exchequer-Chamber, to the Use of such Person to whom it doth of Right belong; luggefting, That the said Executors are only Executors in Trust, That the Mortgage-money was decreed for the Benefit of Edu ard Coke, and That he obtained a Decree against Sir Cha.

Holt, in Trinity Term last, for the fame: That the said Decree, obtained against Sir Cha. Holt, was by Consent, to which the Petitioner is no Party: And, in regard the Petitioner's late Husband was at great Expence in defending several Suits, upon the Account of his said Executorship; and had dilburled more, by 2,000l. than he had received; as appears by Two Reports, the one, made in . Exchequer, in 1686, the other, in Chancery, in 1688.; the Petitioner prays, That Hie may be heard by Counsel, to offer Reasons against passing the said Bill; or that a Clause may be therein inserted, for Payment of the Money to the Petitioner; Ihe being, as advised, the only Person intitled to receive the feme

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for divesting several Securities out of Andrew Founteine Esquire, and others, and vesting the same in Trustees for railing and paying the Money due upon the said Securities; and assigning the Residue of the Estate, incumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt', is committed.

Mr. Bofcaxcen, according to Order, presented to the Preserving r

House a Bill to prevent the Spoils and Abuses committed ' retk8' upon Wrecks: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Oakhamptc the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the 'Vnt % electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament -

for the Borough of Oakhampton in the County of Devon, in the room of Henry Norleigh Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Foley, according to Order, presented to the House Disciplining a Bill for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy dieNavj. Royal: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That John Privilege. ~ Appleby, Richard JVootton, and William Mer, have arrested James Curtcis, Coachman to the Lord Cornbury, a Member of this House, at the suit of Charles and had taken away his Goods; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Charles Goitpye, John Appleby,

Richard JVootton, and William Mer, be ient for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered,

5 W. & M. 20 Februarii.. 77

Ordered, That the Adjourned Debate, Upon the in-

; '‘I p-util*I Bill for E#fc of Jurors at the Assizes for England

and H ales, be resumed upon this Day Sevennight.

c Mr. Bouyer, according to the Order of the Day, re-

u:^a ported from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, the same touching the Election for the Borough of C'li-theraein the County of Lancaster, as it appeared to the said Committee: The which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Upon the Petition of John Esqtlire; and also upon the Petition of the Bailiffs, and several Burgesses of the Corporation of complaining

of an undue Return of Gerard Esquire, to

serve for the said Borough;

The Committee have examined die Merits of that Election.

It was agreed, on both Sides, That the Right of Election was in the Burgesses and Freemen.

The Burgesses were such as had, in any Lands or Houses in d)e Borough, an Estate of Freehold or Inheritance: And they were of Two Sorts: Out-Burgesses, that lived out of the Borough; and In-Burgesses, that lived in the Borough, and had such Estate in Houses or Laud there: And both these had Right of Electing.

The Freemen were such as lived in the Houses within the Borough as Tenants; and they had Right of Electing, when the Landlords did not vote for those Houses: But when they did, the Tenant had no Right of Electing.

It was likewise agreed, That there was every Year a Jury of Enquiry made, and kept on Foot for lbme time of the Year, to enquire into this Right of Burgesses and Freemen; and, upon their finding of it, the Persons so found were entered into a Book, called the Call Book, and From; and out of this Jury the Bailiffs were chosen.

It was also agreed, That Mr. Roger Manwaring, the Bailiff that returned the fitting Member, was found a Burgess by that Jury, and entered into the Book, and f«orn: That there are Two Bailiffs; one called the Out-Bailiff chosen by the Out* Burgesses, and the other the In-Bailiff chosen out by the In-Burgesses: And that the Out-Bailiff is the chief, and hath the Precedency.

But for the Petitioner it was objected;

That Mr. Marmaringwas not duly chosen Bailiff, having been put up with Mr. the Petitioner's

Uncle, who had equal Voices, and was sworn in; and Mr. Mamaring never sworn, being a Minor, under the Age of Twenty-one Years.

To prove which was produced,

An Extract of the Itegifter-Book of by

which it appeared, That he was christened 19 June 1673: Neither did he ever aft as Bailiff but in this Business of the Election.

That the whole Number of Electors, at the time of the Election, was Eighty-five, Burgesses and freemen:

And That, upon a Poll, taken before and Lister,

the Bailiffs, in the Town-Hall, which is the proper Place for making the Election, and to which Place Lister the In-Bailiff adjoomed, from the Shambles, where the fitting Member's Poll was taken: And that, upon the Poll there, the Petitioner had Twenty-six Burgesses, and Nineteen Freemen; Forty-five in all: But none there gave any Vote for any-body else but the Petitioner; but a Place was left for those that would have polled for any bodyclfe: That, after the Poll was ended, one Proclamation was made, That all that had Right to vote should comet That afterwards the Petitioner was declared by the said Bailiffs; and an Indenture drawn up, and signed by the Bailiffs and Electors, and sealed with the Common Seal of the Borough, according to Custom; and tendered to the Sheriff, to be annexed to the Prece|>t; who told them, Fife had annexed to it, before, another Indenture, whereby the fitting Member was returned.

This was proved by IVhiltacre, Kenyon, and Oddu the Town-Clerk.

Which last also testified, "That he was proffered, by

You XI.

one Captain Crofts, fbmething should be worth Five ciithenw Guineas, if he would vote for the fitting Member; but Eltdioii had nothing given him; nor voted for him, but for the Petitioner.

Novell said, That he saw Mrs. Parker offer an Elector 40 s.to vote for Bailiff Mamcand the fitting

Member.

But, on behalf of the fitting Member, it wra$ proved against this last Witncls, That he w as a Thief, and had stole Twenty-one Pair of Shoes: And Mrs. Parker, Widow of Mr. Parker, the deceased Member, denied that flie ever made any such Offer: And withal testified,

That this Novell was one of her Chairmen; and' the other Chairman, who was by, was arrested by means of the Petitioner; and was thereby hindered from being in Town, to testify this, as he lent her Word since she came to Town.

It was likewise testified, on behalf of the fitting Member,

That Mr. JVilkinson, having great Power in the Borough, not only got Voices for his being Bailiff, by treating the Burgesses and Freemen, but also got Sub-feriptions of them, for the Petitioner's being Recorder; and lwore him in a Tippling-House, without due Election, in order to his Election for a Member of Parliament.

That the Jury of Enquiry was discharged by a Note under the Hand of one of the Bailiffs, w hen several Burgesses and Freemen were ready to tender themselves, to make out their Right, and be sworn; whereas the Jury never used to be discharged but by both Bailiffs.

That indirect Means were used, to hinder the Jury from meeting to this Purpose; and that thereby Mr. Bradshaw, and several others, were hindered from being found by the Jury, and sworn, and put in the Call-Book, and thereby deprived of their Votes at the Election for Members of Parliament: This was testified by Mr. Bradshaw, and Edmund and John

Who likewise testified the Fairnels of the Election of the fitting Member, in these Particulars;

That the Sheriff when he came to Town with the Precept, called both the Bailiffs together, Manwaring and Lister, and told them his Business; and, without any Contradiction of Lyster, who was the Inn-Bailiff', gave the Precept to Manwaring, who was the Out-Bailiff, and had the Precedency in all Matters:

That there it was agreed, the Day of Election should be on A londaythe 30th of November, and Papers of No-

tice put up in the Streets; though afterwards it was countermanded by Bailiff Lyster:

That, on the Day appointed, both the Bailiffs met in the Town-Hall; hut, because there was too great a Croud, Manwaring, by his Clerk, that was no Officer of the Town, adjourned to an open Place called the Shambles; and there read the Precept, and proceeded to a Poll; wherein the fitting Member had Forty-five Votes for him, and one for Mr. Piidfey, but none for the Petitioner: That, alter the Poll whs ended. Proclamations were regularly made, and the fitting Member declared; and an Indenture sealed, and annexd to the Precept:

That the Common Seal was in the Custody of Mr.

JVilkinson, who denied to let them have it to set it to the Indenture:

That Mr. Manwaring had often demanded to be fw'orn; but was refused to be lb:

That the Adjournment from the Shambles to the Ton n-IIall, after the Precept. read, u-as without any Proclamation made by the Crier, but was by the Bailiff himself.

There were several Exceptions taken, on both Sides, to several of the Pollers: And particularly the fitting Member proved Two of the Freemen, Slater and Brenand, that voted for the Petitioner, had no Votes as Freemen, because their Landlords voted as Burgesses lor the same Houses.

X On

Clitheroe

KJe&ion.

Ways

and Means.

Ditto.

2° — 3® Februarii.

A. 1693.

On the other Side, Exceptions were taken to land, that voted for the fitting Member, because he had Ibid.his Borough-hold, before the Election; to,

because an Infant; and Colbourn, a Quaker, and therefore not sworn; and JVilfon, because he had a Landlord voted for his House; and Three others, as not found by the Jury, and sworn.

To which last Objection it was answered, That it was their Fault that hindered the Jury from meeting.

Mr. Kemjbn, a Member, testified, That he had known the Borough long; and that Infants were not to be Bailiffs and Burgesses there.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Fitton Gerard Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

T. , c XT [Mr.

Tellers for the Noes, jMr Tmkrei.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That John Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rp 11 c , 1 r [Mr. 7 Tellers for the 1 eas, A r n

' [Mr. Brere ton:

140.

j> 162.

108.

rr 11 r.1 xt (Sir Jim. Strickland. 1 00

Tellers for the Noes,-' [ 18S.

'[Mr. A

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in

the County of Lancaster, in the room of Parker

Esquire, deceased, is a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for defiling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Anthony Parker Esquire, deceased.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Thomas Rigby Esquire, late Sheriff^)f the County of Lancaster, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth,

Tellers for the Yeas,{ Mr‘

' [Mr.:

Tellers for the Nocs,

'[Mr. Travers:

So it passed in the Negative.

99-

The Order of the adjourned Debate of Yesterday, upon the First Resolution of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, being read;

Resolved, That the said Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, after the said adjourned Debate upon the Report is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be 22

granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- London ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Orphan* mitlee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of *und' the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, concerning the Orphans of the said City.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 3° die Februarii;

5* Gulielmi et Marita.

Praters.

MR. Beddingfield, according to Order, presented to C.Turner's the House a Bill for settling the Inheritance of Estate. feme Parts of the Estate of dairies Turner Esquire, which lie dispersed, in himself; and settling an entire Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the UTes that the other Estate stands settled: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Endowment of a Chapel at st. John oi

and making of it Parochial, and distinct from the Parish 'Vapping of Whitechapel, was read the First time. EnnUi.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Perry, according to Order, presented to the Stevens's House a Bill for Sale of the Estate of Stevens, Eftatt.

deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage thereupon; and applying the Overplus for the Benefit of his Sons: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preventing the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, Fulling and Scouring Earth, by altering the Penalty; and for 0> the better Reiiulatinir of the l-'afilors at

~ r? t

And that Sir John Guise do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Ralph Carr, according to Order, presented to the Eoats House a Bill for the measuring, by a dead Weight, the Keels and Boats within the River of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Ports adjacent, which carry Coals: And the same was received.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Bullion Preventing

was read the Second time. j?xPort 01

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the u lon' Debate of the House, Lord Colchester, Mr.

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Clark, Sir John Guise, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Hazctry, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. terett, Mr. Freeke, Mr. Slater, Mr. Lord Cornbury,

Sir 77/o. Vernon, Mr. Campion, Mr. Pupil, Mr. Neiile,

Mr. Gzcyn, Mr. Femcick, Mr. Burdet, Mr.

Mr. Waller, Mr. Blofwhl, Sir Young, Colonel

Peny, Mr. Hobby, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Gough,

Mr. Fuller, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Mr.

Mr. England, Mr. Bear, Lord Walden, Sir Tho. HufJ'cy,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Newport, Sir Cha. Porter: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Punirt.ing Continuance of the Afit for punishing Otiicers and Sol- Mutiny ad diers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; Exertion, and for punishing false Musters; and for the Payment of Quarters for one Year longer: And that the Lord Colchester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir -A

5 W.#M.

3'

Februarii.

79

Drlip at

Qairttr

SfUiodi

Lfw of Absence,

Sir Joseph Tredenkam reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter-Sessions was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolTed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers forlhe Yeas, ^T^Sa

Tellers for the Noes /Co,onel letters for the JNoes, |sjr Rq

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways ing at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee aiul *'Jeuns of the Whole House, to consider further of M ays and Meas for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

CcHiimitteej.

}" A

} A

Lance, 5° die Februarii;

5° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Sergemakers, Clothiers, Woolle* Fullers, and others concerned in the Woollen Ma- ftlanufat>

7 tures.

wtfter

,:dion.

a

..ictnres.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Pelham have Leave to g into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. JVilmot have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

ia!s for Resolved, That this House will, upon TuesdayMorning

(hod. next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High-Treason, and Mil-prifion of Treason.

w

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the City of Worcester, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for veiling the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refilled, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of all such Protestants as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against; Popery.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for stating the publick Accounts do, upon Wednesday Morning next, after the Report touching the Election for the City of cester is over, lay before this House an Account of the I Pensions, Salaries, and Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members of Parliament, out of the publick Revenue, or otherwise.

nufactures, in and about the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners do, with all imaginable Gratitude, acknowlege the Benefit they have received by the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; whereby a free Trade wras granted for Three Years; by means whereof, the Price of Wool was considerably advanced; and far greater Quantities of its Product were exported to Germany, Flandet's, Hamburgh, and Holland, than when the Trade was confined: Anil praying a Continuance of the said free Trade to the said Places, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to ... . the Bill for reviving the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

A Petition of divers Clothiers inhabiting within the County of Gloucester, w'as presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is now before this Housefpr the reviving an AClmade in the First Year of their Majesties Reign to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; which Bill the llam-borough Company endeavour to hinder the Palling: That the Petitioners are fully satisfied the said Bill is for the general Good of the Clothing Trade, and will advance the Price of Wool: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

Ditto.

'!(aa

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resumed the adjourned Debate of Thursday last, upon the first Resolution reported from the Committee of the «hole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Service of the Year 1694.

And the said Resolution w as again read.

And afterwards, the several Resolutions reported from the said Committee were also read a Second time.

Resolved, That all the said several Resolutions be recommitted to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means

A Bill for registering Fishermen, in order to the Fur- Reside ring nishing their Majesties Fleet with Seamen, w as read the Fimermeu Second time. for 1116 lNavy*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Air. Campion, Mr. Arnold, Colonel Perry, Mr. Waller,

Air. Bickerstaffc, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Mater, Mr. Cooke,

Sir JValt. Young, Sir John Guise, Air. dry. Sir Fra.

Guidons, Mr. Pigot, Colonel GoldzcellSir Ralph Carr, Mr. Christy, Mr. England, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Leads,

Air. Lutterell, Sir Jen. Elzces, Mr. Mr.

Gilbert, Sir Hen.Goff, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Brncyer, Air.

Cope, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Ryder, Sir Robert Eden,

Air. Gray, Mr. Chadzcick, Mr. Hedger, Mr. How, Air.

for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, Chetzcynd, Mr. Blo/ield, Sir York, Mr. Pollen Sir

Vol. XL

Wm.

Boats for

carrying

Coals.

Importing

Saltpetre.

Fees in Law Courts.

Wool-comb-ers, &c. Trade.

Land Bank.

Ways and Means,

Disfranchising Stock-bridge Borough.

8q 50 — 6° Februariu A. 1693.

Wm. Thomas, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Weld, Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

Hulvhinjon; and all the Members that serve for the Sea- Mortis, 6° die Februarii;

Ports, and Cinque-Ports: And they are to meet this.

Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. r, Guhelmi ct Marias.

r Peayers.

A Bill for meafering, by a dead Weight, the Keels and A PETITION of Charles , John Appleby, Privilege —

Boats, within the River of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the T* &od Richard Wootton, in G'ustody of the Serjeant Persons Ports adjacent, which carry Coals, was read the First at Arms for a Breach of Privilege, committed against the time. Lord Cornbury, a Member of this House, was presented 1 c dIV"

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. to the House, and read; acknowleging their Offence, and

begging Pardon for the lame: And praying to be dil-Rcfohed, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- charged out of Custody. ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Ordered, That the said John Appleby,

mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Richard li be brought to the Bar of this House Importation of Saltpetre. Tomorrow Morning, in order to their Dil'charge.

Ordered, That the several Tables, or Lists of Fees, of the several Offices, which have been presented to the House, and have not yet been referred to be examined and considered,.be referred to the Examination and Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Tables of Fees of the several Courts in Westmins, Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of and Surrey, and

Clerk of the Assize of the Home Circuit, are referred.

Resolved, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Wool-combers, and Traders in the Woollen Manufactures in the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Essex, Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Hunger ford reported from the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition and Proposels of Dofitor Hugh Chamberlain was referred, That the Committee had examined and considered the feme; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as follow eth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proposel made by Doctor Hugh Chamberlain is practicable, and will tend to the Benefit of the Nation.

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Merchants the Bill to enable divers Merchants Insurers, that have ^ni'ireis sustained many Loli'es by the present War with France, CreJlt01s* the better to latisty their several Creditors, was committed,

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House.

And the House being informed, That several of the Creditors had not been heard; j

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be re-committed to the feme Committee, to the end that the several 1

Creditors may be heard before the said Committee. 3

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Whi-eh U's ? to enable John Whitehall to charge certain Bands with the Eltale-Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, towards Portions for his younger Children, was read the l'iill time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of 'William Nicholas Gentleman was pre- St. John of . fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the WaPPin£ Petitioner is intituled to the next Prelentation of the r>anlh* Parsonage of Whilec Impel:And that a Bill is brought into

this House, for the Endowment of a Chapel at Wupping', and making it distinct from the Parish of Whitechapel:

And praying, That the Petitioner's Right to the said Presentation nmy be preserved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majel'ties, for Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 7694.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the several Resolutions re-committed to them; and had come to several other Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 7694.

Ordered, That the Bill to difeble the Borough of Stock-bridge in the County of Southampton, to fend Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the future, be read the Second time, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Godolphin, according to Order, presented to the n;gt,t or House a Bill for settling the Right in Elections; and Elections,&« ' for preventing undue Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, after Twelve a Clock.

A Bill to prevent Spoils and Abuses, committed upon Preservine Wrecks, was read the Second time. " recks.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bofcazcen,

Sir Thom. Dyke, Mr. Luitercll, Colonel Beaumont, Mr.

Gott, Mr. Daily, Mr. Travers, Mr. Mr. Bock-

enham, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Mr.

Arnold, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr.

Kendall, Mr. Bbfield, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Ryder, Colonel Perry, Sir Fra.Gibbon, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Matt fell, Sir Geo. Willoughby, and all the Members that serve for the Sea-Ports, and Cinque-Ports; and for the Principality of Wales, and Counties of Devon and wall-, and all the Members that are Merchants: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, and others, Woollen ' in the Town of Leeds in the County of For he, and Places Manutuc-; adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting ture5, '1 forth, That the Company of Merchant-Adventurers of England having published in the Gazette, That, for Three Years, from the Fifth of M next, any of their Majesties Subjects, except Handicrafts-men, may e

b,e admitted.into the Freedom of the said Company for -

19 Forty

A

jW.tfM.

Februarii.

Forty Shillings, to trade within all their Limits, except the Rivers of Elbe, Weser, and That, unless the

Majesties several additional Duties upon Beer, Ale, aind other Liquors, for Four Years from the time that an Act

laid Company be suppbrted in their Privileges to the said fordoubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other

' ..... ' ~ ~ - Liquors, during the Space of One Year, doth expire, be

granted and continued to their Majesties, after the Monies charged upon the said Duties shall be satisfied.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Woollen Manicures.

hrf

S

fr-

fV-

Renting

Ot

italic.

Rivers, the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture to those Parts will devolve into the Hands of Foreigners; who will limit the Prices, and cause our Commodities to be debased at their Plealbre; which will be to the Advancing and Consumption of their own: And praying, That the said Company may be supported in their Trade to the Rivers of Elbe, Weser, and E

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, Clothiers, and others, of the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the supporting the Company of Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade of the Woollen Manufactures to the Rivers of Elbe, Wezer, and Eyder, will be of great Advantage to

this Nation in general, and w ill encrease the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures, and preserve the Privileges enjoyed by the said Company at Hamburgh; whereas, otherwise, the foie Trade will fall into the Hands of Foreigners, who will exclude the English Merchants, and govern our Markets at theif own Pleasure, to the utter JLofs of our Trade to those Parts: And praying the Support and Protection of the said Company in their Trade to the Rivers of Elb, W and Eyder, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving the Act made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

Sir John Guise, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better preventing the Exportation

The Lord Colchester, according to Order; presented to Pum Aiing the House a Bill for the continuing the Act for punishing Deieruon!* Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny', or desert their Majesties Service; for punishing selfe Musters; and for the Payment of Quarters for one Year longer: And the fatne was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Stazeell have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absencs.

Ordered, That Mr. William Trenchard have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Bryan Stapleton have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Warr have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Tryal* for solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Treason, consider of the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Penalty; and for the better regulating the Factors in Blackwell'hall: And the same was received; and read.

But the Bill being brought in with Penalties; the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That another Bill be presented to the House, with Blanks for the Penalties.

of Wool, Fulling and Scouring Earth, by altering the men, ts thereunto.- which they had directed him to report " - to the House, when they would please to receive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

:VJ

kj Means.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, a Fund of One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Am. be raised, and velted in their Majesties for the Term of Sixteen Years, for re-Compenfing such Persons as shall advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Impositions, lately resolved by the House to be laid upon Salt be Part of the said Fund of One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum.

Refoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the further answering and securing the said Fund of One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Ann.

One Moiety of the Duties of Excise, granted to their preserving the Overplus for their Benefit, was commit-

Majesties by an Act made in the Second Year of their ted, That they had made several Amendments to the

Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Bill; which they had directed him to report to the

'Vol.XI. Y

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- London ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Orphans of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Fund' Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, relating to the Orphans of the said City.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow' Mom- "r«ys ing, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee *nd Mea*s* of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercinii, 7* die Februarii;

5* Gulielmi ct Marine.

Prayers.

MR. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom Mifdma/s the Bill to vest the Estate of Mary, Elizabeth, Ara~ £liat* bella, Lucy, apd Ann Mildmay, in Trustees, to be sold for Satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon, and

..I

4l

1

Irish

Forfeitures*

t)isfranchif-ing Stock-bridge Borough.

Ditto*

St. John of

Wapping

arhh.

East India

Trade.

o2 70 Februarii. A. 1693.

House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Lord Viscount Ma-

rion, Colonel Thomas Du/igan, and Colonel Thomas fell, on behalf of themselves and others, relating to the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the life of tire War, was presented to the House.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill to disable the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southamptonfrom fending Burgesses to

serve in Parliament for the future, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Smith, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Edward Mr. Slater,

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. BofcMr. Sir

Rich. Onjlmv, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mr. How,

Mr. Bcmyer, Sir Fra. Gmbon, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Sir York,

Mr. Christie, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Colonel Titus,

Mr. Trye, Mr. R. How, Mr. Mr. Cook, Mr.

Ogle, Mr. Randall, Sir Tho. Mr. Fleming,

Mr. Clark, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Smith, Sir Jim.

Cooke, Mr. England, Mr. Pigolt, Mr. Mr.

Hutchinson, Mr. Waller, Mr. Hedger, Sir Joint Key, Mr. White, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Musgrave, Mr.

Jlow, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Arnold; and all the Members that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Constable, and other Inhabitants, of the said Borough of was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are fenlible of the high Displeasure of this House, occasioned by certain Irregularities committed by some Members of the Borough, for which there is a Bill in this House to distrauchife the Borough: That the Petitioners hope the House will not use such Severity to the Burgo-malters, they being resolved, for the future, in all difficult Cafes, to consult the Gentlemen of the County thereabouts: And praying, That the Bill may be withdrawn; and that the ancient Frame and Conl'titution of the said Borough, in fending Members to Parliament, may not be-altered.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of William Paine Doctor in Divinity, Rector of St. Mary Matfcllon, alias Whitechapel, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner hath been legally possessed of the said Rectory almost 13 Years: That the Hamlet of hath

had a Chapel of Ease, with competent Maintenance for a Curate, almost 80 Years: That the Inhabitants of Wapping always paid to the Rector of Whitechapel ratable Tythes, amounting to about 1 That the

Profits of the said Rectory do not exceed Two Thirds of the Value alleged by the Inhabitants of And

praying, That his Right and Property to the said Rectory may not be taken away by a Bill for making the said Hamlet a distinct Parish; but that his Freehold therein may be preservd during his Life.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of die East India Trade.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Leave be given to Bring in a Bill to repeal the Act, whereby the Importation of Irish C*ittle is prohibited

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Peregrine Bertie have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Absenc*. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Fortescue have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Legat'd:

Mr Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Edwards'* enable Thomas Edzcardsto fell Part of his Estate for the Liiate. Payment of Debts: and to rdtrain and disable him to commit Waste upon the Residue of the said Estate: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; to supply the Deficiency of die Money raised by a former Million An Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties ®e<*c‘encJf' certain Rates and Duties of Excil'e upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Itecompencesand Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance die Sum of Ten hundred tliou-sand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against without any Amendment.

And dien the Meli'engers withdrew.

Another Petition of the Bailiff and Inhabitants of the Disfrancfcif-Town of Stockbridge, in the County of was »'g -stwt-

presented to the House, and read; letting foith, That the said Town is an ancient Borough, Time out of Mind;

and that the Petitioners arc very much afflicted, that any Circurnstances of the late Election have brought them under the Displeasure of this House: And praying. That they may be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, before the Bill to disable the said Borough from fending Burgesses to serve in Parliament for die future do pass into a Law.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Mr. Bozcycr reported from the Committee of Elections Worceftw and Privileges, the same touching die Election for the Elciilon-City of Worcester, as it appeared to the said Committee; the which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as lolloweth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Charles Cods Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Samuel Swift Esquire, to serve for the City of JVorccster; and also, upon the Petition of the Mayor, and several Freemen of the said City:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

It was agreed on both Sides, That the Freemen who do not receive Alms were the Electors.

The Poll was likewise agreed to have been in this manner; viz.682 for the Sitting Member; and but 575 for the Petitioner: 107 Difference.

But, on the Behalf of the Petitioner, it was proved by

Mr. Oakley, the Mayor, That, on Friday Three Weeks "; j

before the Election, being the 17th of November, it was agreed by the Mayor, and Aldermen, and Candidates,

That all that had Right of Freedom, by Birthright or Service, which were the Two Ways of being Freemen* should be admitted, and fivorn Freemen, before the Elec- -

lion: Twenty were then made free, and fivorn, accordingly; and Proclamation made, That those of the City that had such Right should come on Monday following, to ->

be examined, admitted, and fivorn, and so de die in diem,

till they should be all sworn; and the Friday following was appointed for those that lived in the Country tq do

14

4

5 W. &M. 70 Februarii. 83

the like: But that on Monday, though a great many him, was' brought over to the Sitting Member's Side, and

came to be admitted, according to the said Agreement; voted for him.

jet the Aldermen, at the Inltigation of Alderman Haynes, The same was proved of John Morgan, by lekilt and a great Friend of the Sitting Member's, went away, and Smith.

would not admit, or swear, any of them; and, for want Thomas Woodard testified, That Charles Sh ift, the Sit-of their Presence, nothing could be done: But the Al- ting Member's Brother, offered him 40 s. for himself, dermen promised them, to admit them after the Elec- if he would vote for the Sitting Member; and 40$. lion was over-, and did so. apiece for all others he should get off from the Petitioner

Philip Bcarcroftteltified the lame. That those that to vote for the Sitting Member; but knows of no Money

came to be admitted, and sworn Freemen, and were re- actually given.

fused, were above too: And that thel'e tendered them- That the Witness himself was abused, because he was selves at the Election to vote for the Petitioner, but for the Petitioner, and his Windows broken, and his

were refuted; and the Door, where the Poll was taken, Man beaten at his own Door, and a great Tumult in

kept shut against them. the Streets.

William Milliard gave in a List of these Freemen, William. testified, That he was kept down

who were lb refuted; wherein there is contained the Stairs by the Constable at the Polling-place: And being Names of 103: and that they tendered themselves at the asked, by Alderman Haynes, Whom he would poll for? Election, which began on Tuesday the 5th of December, and he answering, For the Petitioner; Haynes ftrtiek Him but were kept out; the Door being (hut, and Alderman a Blow- in the Breast, and asked him again the same Ques-Htn/m' keeping the Key. tion: And, he answering as before, Haynes struck him

William Collins testified the Demand of these refused again; and when he had polled, took and shook him;

Freemen to be polled; and that the Sheriff refused them: and laid, he desired to fee his Face, that he might know

Whereupon the Petitioner demanded, That their Names him.

might be entered, to fee who, and how many, they were; John Breynlon testified, That, coming to poll for the Pc<-but that was denied also. titioner, he was thru ft, and knocked down twice, before

That the Poll was ended on Friday, the 8th of Decern- hecoukl get to be polled; and after he was polled, Alder-kr, Two a Clock in the Afternoon; and the Sheriff's man Haynes told him, He was a forfivorn Hogue; aind Officers took away all the Books, as well those that the took him by the Hair, and dragged him all along the Candidates Agents had taken, as those of his own Of- Tolley, and afterwards kicked him down Stairs, liters; and did not then let the Candidates put their Seals Captain Slater, a Captain of the City Trained-Bands, to them, as they had done all along before; and refused coming to aflifit the Petitioner at the Election, was abused to adjourn the Poll till the next Day, as he was desired by the Constables and Mol) in the Tolley and Streets; by the Petitioner. and laid. That he law 40 Freemen refilled Admittance

That Four Quakers, coming to poll for the Petitioner, to the poll one Morning, and 20 in the Afternoon, who were refused, because they would not swear, though they would have voted for the Petitioner,

produced their Copies of Freedom, and though other For the Sitting Member;

Quakers were admitted, that Voted for the fitting Mein- Alderman Haynes testified, That the Sitting Member ber. was courted to Hand in Opposition to Mr. Letchniore,

Thomas Tayler testified, That James Tayler, his Father, but refilled it at firl't; but was afterwards prevailed with,

coming to poll for the Petitioner, being an old infirm and Mr. Letchmorc defilted: That then the Petitioner Man, was carried away by Force by some of the Voters promised to he for the Sitting Member, but afterwards for the Sitting Member, and hindered from polling at all. set up for himself: That the Mayor had likewise pro-Tho. Smith testified the fame. mifed the Sitting Member, but afterwards was for the

Richard Pretty testified, That John Heath was so served,- Petitioner, and run into an House by 10 Voters for the Sitting That the Petitioner had agreed not to make any Member, and kept there lor feme time, and knocked Freemen; hut afterwards they made 20; but, finding Hie down; but afterwards did get to vote for the Petitioner. Inconveniency of it, agreed again to make no more till Smith likewise testified. That John Drew came to be after the Election; only the Mayor, he said, was for polled for the Petitioner; and, after being informed that making Freemen.

he was polled, went his way; but is not in the Poll; That the Petitioner agreed, None but Freemen should The same he also teltified for Two others; viz. Wm. Dun, be let into the Tolley to disturb the Poll; and that all and John Hall. Firemen should have Votes, but those that took weekly

Then the Churchwardens of the several Parishes tefii- or monthly Petitions: and that they examined the Voters lied of several Pollers for the Sitting Member, That they to this, upon Oath, when they polled them, which was received Alms; viz.Of the Parish of St. Albans 8, the Scrutiny agreed on; And that it was also agreed by that received Bread; and One, that had Money by Or- the Petitioner, They should poll by Twenties, which was der of the Mayor: Of the Parish of All Saints 2; viz. observed, till the Petitioner had but 15; and, that after Tutman, and Chandler, That received 6 d. per Week that the Petitioner polled so many, that the Sitting Mem-by Order Of the Mayor: Of St. Martin's 12, that re- her had an Overplus of 107; whereupon the Peti-ceived Bread: Of St. Andrew's 4, that received Bread; tioner declared, lie thought lie could no retrieve it, and and One, That had a Pension: Of St. Nicholas, 2; one, a would put the Sitting Member to no further Charge: And common Beggar; and the other, a Pensioner, and lived thereupon Three Proclamations were made in the Hall, in a Tow n Alms-house at the time of the Election: Of and in the Street, and the Books closed, and the Sciutiny St. Peter $ One, a Pensioner: All these voted for the adjourned till

Sitting Member. That he, and a Constable, were abused in the Street

It was objected, That one, that received Bread, voted by a Parcel of young Men, that declared for the Petitioner, for the Petitioner: But he appeared to be a Clerk of but were no Freemen; but he confessed, they had ltiglit a Parish, and they had Bread as a Perquisite to fhbir Of- to be so, and were uled to he admitted at all oilier Elec-lice; and several of them voted for the Sitting Member, tions; That he carried Captain Slater out of the Croud, and not excepted against. who declared, He believed he had had his Brains knocked

Richard Andrew s tel t ified, That Nine Persons bad Coats 6dt; if it had not been for him. given them by the Warden of the Company of the Clo- That there were more than 103 that had Right to their tiiiers, by Order of the Sitting Member, who paid for Freedom: That, in all, they were to the Number of 270, the fame, and voted for him; and that he never gave and odd; but whether they demanded this Freedom be-Coats before. fore the Election, he can't tell: That 150, that were not

Richard Pomfrey testified, That John Cuerton had pro- made free, did subscribe for the Sitting Member; but wer^ miled to vote for the Petitioner; but, having a Coat given not at the Election, or demanded their Poll.

Voi.. XI. Robert

Worrefter

Election*

oi^ester Robert Hunt testified, He took the Poll Books; and e ion* that they were sealed by the Sheriff only; and gave them to Alderman Haynes, to put them up: That the Petitioner made no other Objection, but That the Sitting Member was High-Sheriff of the County, And so could not be returned Citizen.

That the Candidates agreed, That the Bread-Men should be polled; and those Quakers only that had been sworn.

Thomas Shcwin testified the Agreement to make no Freemen; and That the Election was fairly carried.

Richard Gibbs testified, There were 158 that had Right of Freedom, and would have voted for the Sitting Member at the Election; and some of them demanded it the Day the Poll was closed; but it was agreed on both Sides, They should not be polled.

Tho. Burrill said, That there were 112 that had Right to be Freemen, and would have voted for the Sitting Member; and some of them came on the Day of the Election.

James Jones said the same for 158; but could not say they demanded their Poll.

William Hart gave in a List of them; and said, That they were Freemen, and would have been for the Sitting Member: but could not say they were at the Election.

Mathew Mathews, as to the Nine Coats, declared, The Sitting Member ordered him to give them as he pleased; and would not have it known, that it was upon his Account: That he did not know that the Sitting Member ever gave any before; but his Father did in his Lifetime, who died about Seven Years since.

John Andrews testified, He had a Coat given him; but was not to do any thing for it: But he voted for the Sitting Member.

John Menshoc testified, That he was threatened to have no more Work, if he did not vote for the Petitioner; and if he did, he should have 2s. a W'eek given him.

To confront some of these last Witnesses;

Collins was called in, for the Petitioner: Who testified, He was by at the Election; and that the Petitioner was so far from declaring he was satisfied, that he complained of foul Play in it; and that he never made any Agreement, That no more Freemen should be admitted; but that he demanded a Scrutiny, which was denied him.

And as to Gibbs;

Mdward testified, That he confessed to him, That he , bad a Pack of Wool, and Money, of the Sitting Member, for acting for him.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee Came to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Tame were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Samuell Swift Esquire is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Cocks Esquire is duly eleCled a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree ♦vith the Committee in the said Resolution, That Samuell Swift Esquire is not duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUers for.be YeaK

Tellers for the }lt7-

So it was resolved In the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Atid the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Charles Cocks Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for Ore Yeas,: } ,3S)-

TeUers for Ore Noes,} l*5'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House To-mbrrow Morning, with the Return for the City of Worcester, in order to amend the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Ways ana at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privilege, Elections and Privileges, touching the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Sir Ralph Dutton, a Member of this House, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Cambridge Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the Elea‘on-County of Cambridge, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for stating the pubA.pens>ons, fcc. lick Accounts do, upon Friday Morning next, lay be- \> Members, fore this House an Account of the Pensions, Salaries, and 1 Sums of Money, paid or payable to the Members of J Parliament out of the publick Revenue, or otherwise. /

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Februarii;

5* Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

fJHarles Goupye, John Appleby, and Richard Wootton, Privilege -

were, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where P^00*r* they upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. aiiddY 6 Speaker, charged.

Ordered, That the said Charles Goupye, John Appleby, and Richard Wootton, be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

Mr. Christy reported from the Committee, to whom Chaplin's the Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Susan Chaplin, and ate* Dorothy her Daughter, for Payment of Debts, and make-ing a Provision for the said Susan and Dorothy, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and also the Petition of Edward Pickering Esquire the Examination and Consideration whereof was referred to the said Committee; and that they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon

the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Alexander Burnot was presented to the jj4rc^anU ' House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill to enable infur«rs divers Merchants Insurers, that have sustained great Creditors. Losses by the present War with France, the better to satisfy their several Creditors, is re-committed, to the end f

the Creditors may be heard: That the Petitioner is a Creditor, and hath sustained great Losses by some of them: And praying to be heard by Couofel before the Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered,

*4

u

k

A

'-a

jU

Li-

liifii

U

g W. & M. 8° Februarii 8 5

Ordered That the Examination and Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Pill is committed.

St. John of A Bill for the Endowment of a Chapel at

" <pping 8nd making of it Parochial, and distinct from the Parish ptfiih. of ll'litec/iapcl, was read the Second time.

/ le/bhrd, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tfto. Littleton, Sir //V Ilium Cook, Lord Coni bury, Mr. Vinvent, Colonel Perry, Sir Fra. Sir IE iff Sir

Mat. Andrews, Mr. Hungerjirr Mr. Smith, Mr. Christy, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Mr.

Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Bridges, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir Tho. Uaflerigg, Mr. OnjloMr. Lord Colchester, Mr. Lutierell, Mr. Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir

Robert Cotton, Sig Robert Davers, Sir John Guije, Sir Steph. Evans, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Hen. Johnson, Sir John Parlous, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Neale, Mr. Price, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Lewes, Mr. Johnson, Mr Butler, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Finch, Mr. Manatoti, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Alountague: and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and

minster, and County of MiddleAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the several Petitions of Doctor Paine RiCtor of the Pavifh of Whitechapel, and of William Gentleman, for-mtr'y presented to the House, and read, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

BafindMe A Petition of the Corporation of Basingstoke in the Fnochife. Co unty of Southampton w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did formerly fend Members to serve in Parliament; which wasdifeontinned upon Petition of their Artceftors: And praying. That they may be restored to their ancient Right of fending Members to Parliament.

And the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Wnrrfder The Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order, ftriii n and amended the Return for the City of by

rafing out the Name of Samuel Esquire; and inierting the Name of Charles Cocks Esquire, instead thereof.

fanfprfnce A Mt stage from the Lords by Sir Miles Cook and »iti lords. Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Conference upon the 16th Day of January last.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Managers that managed the former Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers w ent to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Colonel Granvillreported, That they had attended the Conference: And that the Duke of Bolton managed the same on behalf of the Lords; and acquainted them,

That they had desired this Conference for the maintaining a good Correspondence with this House; and that the Lords would be always ready to join with this House in any thing for the Prosperity of the Government; and, that in order thereunto, acquainted them,

That having, the 16th Day of January last, communicated to them at a Conference, That the Lords having had laid before them, by the Earl of Nottingham, an Ext raft of a Letter, dated from Paris, June ist, N. S. received May30th, O. S. 1693, as followeth;

Vo l.XL

" There are 68 Ships, in which there are 30,118 Men,

" and 4,876 Guns.

" We have News fmee, That this Fleet is failed, and " was out of Sight.'

And whereas, upon an Address to the King, such Lords as are of the Privy-Council had Permission, from his Majesty, to acquaint this House, when the Intelligence of the French Meet's failing from Brest was communicated to the Admirals of the Fleet: Several of those Lords did, thereupon, inform the House, That the Letter mentioned by the Earl of Nottingham was laid before the Committee of Council; and took it for granted, that the Intelligence therein mentioned was font to the Admirals of the Fleet: But it not appearing clearly, whether it was so communicated, or not, this House does desire of the House of Commons, That they will inquire, by the most proper Methods, of the Members of their House that are of the Privy-Council, W hetlier this Intelligence, of the French Fleet's being failed out of Brest, was communicated to the Admirals of the Fleet; and when it was lb communicated.

Upon which their Lordships hoped, That feme further Information might be had by those that are of the Privy-Council in this House, in order to the Discovery of the Causes of feme of the Miscarriages in the last Summer's Expedition at Sea: But their Lordlliips, not having yet heard any thing from this House concerning this Matter, thought fit, at this Conference, to remind them of it, as a -Business the Lords conceive to he of great Consequence, and fit to be inquired into.

Rejoiced, rIhat this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, take into Consideration the Report of the said Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Bertie have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Abieuce. Occasions.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Okedenhave Leave to go.into the Country for

a Fortnight;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Hussey have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of tb*. until Monday Morning next, Eleven a Clock. House.

Sir Edward IJusscy reported from the Committee, to j cather_ whom the Bill for making more effectual a Statute, made Cuuin<. in the First Year of King Janies the First, concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others occupying the cutting of Leather was committed, 'That they had considered the fame; and also the Petition of the Company of Leathersellers, the Examination and Consideration whereof was referred to the said Committee; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be proceeded upon Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bouyer reported, from the Committee of Elections privi]ege> and Privileges, the Matter touching the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against Sir Ralph Dutton, a Member of this House; and also the Matter upon the Petition of John Grecile, the Examination and Consideration whereof was referred to the said Committee; the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee: The which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Z On

Privilege.

86

8° Februarit.

A. 1693.

On the Behalf of the Petitioner; It was testified by

William Major, That he knew the Tree in Question, called Forden Elm: That an old Man told him, lie was

at the Setting of the Tree; and that it was let by Order of one of the Ancestors of the Petitioner: That it grows in an Highway, near an House and Farm, called Forden Farm, which belongs to the Petitioner.

John Whitethorneteftified, It was within the Manor of

Ashley, which was a Manor of itself: That he had known it theie Thirty-five Years: That formerly the Petitioner's Father had cut down lbme of the dead Boughs off from the said Tree: That the Manor of Ashley came up on both Sides of the said Tree: That the Father of the Petitioner appeared at Sir Ralph Dutton's, Court for his Manor of Cheltenham; but it w as for lbme customary Lands, not for the Manor of Ashley.

Richard Whitehall takes it to be Mr. GreviWs Tree, the Ground on both Sides being his; but that House

and Farm is his elder Brother's, G rev ill's.

Thomas Geff, the Conl'table, testified, That the Petitioner was upon his own Ground when Mr. Prynn offered to take away his Gun: That he had a Warrant of Sir Fleetwood Dormers against the Rioters that had cut down the Tree, and to search for the Wood of it: That the Petitioner had above 100 /. per Annum, in his own and his Wife's Right, in Land,; and so qualified to keep a Gun: That the Tree lies ltill where it was cut.

Richard and John Whitelhorneteftified, The Petitioner delivered his Gun, at the Request of the Iligh-Constable, though upon his own Ground, and qualified to keep a Gun, having above 100 I. per Annum

Richard Longford testified, That there are Two Actions at Law brought; one for the Tree, the other for the Battery.

On the Behalf of Sir Ralph Dutton; It was testified by

William Wills, That the Tree grew upon the Waste of

Sir Ralph Dutton's Manor: That the Manor of Ashley held of the Manor of Cheltenham; all the Cottages in Ashley Manor pay Rent to Sir Ralph Dutton, and appear at his Court: That some of the Wood of the Tree in Question was found in the Petitioner's Back-fide: That he saw the Petitioner head the Rabble, consisting of forty People, at least, in the Highway were they were cutting the Tree; and afterwards, to the time of taking away the Gun: That Mr. Prynn delivered the Petitioner the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace, for taking away Guns from unqualified Persons, before he meddled with the Gun.

Robert Coles likewise testified. The Tree grew in the Waste of Sir Ralph Duttons Manor: That Sir Ralph gave Order for the cutting of it down, for Repair of his Gaol; but the Workmen durlt not do it, for Fear of the Threats of the Petitioner: That the Petitioner save the Tree to the Poor, and they cut it down, and took away the Wood; and headed the Rabble when they were cutting it out.

Edward Mitchell testified, That the Tree grew in the

Highway: That the Manor of Cheltenham went all round it: That the Royalty of the Manor of belonged

to Sir Ralph Dutton: That it paid a Quit-rent; and so did Forden Farm; and Sir Ralph Dutton had the Waifcs, Estrays, Felons Goods, and Dcodands; and they appeared at Sir Ralph Duttons Courts; and Heriots were

paid in the old Court-Rolls:

That Mr. Prynn received Sir Ralph's Rents, and made his Leases, and was his Steward, and lived in one of his Houses; but confessed, He was a Barrister at Law, and pleaded at the Bar: That the Petitioner (truck him in the Face, as he was reading the Warrant to him for taking away Guns.

Ruckle, testified the fame: That the Petitioner and Mr. Pry//agreed to meet the Week after.

Mr. Pry//testified, That the Petitioner did not meet,

according to Promite; but went to the Justice byhimlclf, and was hound over; and, at the Session held in the Interim, was daiulcltinely discharged, and then laughed at Sir. Pnpi.That Sir Ralph Dutton had ordered the Tree

*i3

to be cut down; but the Petitioner threatened to (hoot the Workmen, if they did; and the Workmen durst not do it: That, coming down to the Tree, the Morning alter it was cut down, the Rabble was about it; and confessed the Petitioner set them on Work about it; and he saw the Petitioner there by, with a Quarter-Staft on his Back; whereupon, Mr. Pryn went and procured the Warrant, and, in the Afternoon, came again with the Constables, and found the Rabble still at Work about the Tree; and, upon Sight of Mr. Pryn and his Company, the Rabble sent for the Petitioner, who appeared with his Gun in his Hand; and, after some time, he shewed the Warrant, and was thereupon struck in the Face, and black and blue several Days: And that (bine of the Wood belonging to the Tree was in the Petitioner's Yard.

And that the Committee, having heard the Witnesses of both Sides, came to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That JohnG revile, the Petitioner, is not guilty of a Breach of Privilege upon Sir Ralph Dutton, in aiding and abetting the cutting down the 'Free, called Forden Elm, grow ing in the Waste belonging to Sir Ralph Dutton.

The said Resolution being read the Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Grevile, the Petitioner, is not guilty of a Breach of Privilege upon Sir Ralph Dutton, in aiding and abetting the cutting down the Tree, called Forden Elm, growing in the W alte belonging to Sir Ralph Dutton;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^5 J

' [Mr.:

Tellers for the Noesjfj

'[Mr. Arnold:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said John Grevile be discharged out of the Custody of the Serjeant at Anus.

} 94-

J"3-

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredith;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Barrington'* enable Sir Charles Barrington Baronet to settle a Jointure dilate, on Dame Bridget his Wife; and to make Provision for their younger Children: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate Firro'* of Henry Frere, an Infant, to raise Money for Inning Estate. and Recovering other Parts thereof, now under Water; and for Payment of Debts charged thereon:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Thomas Duppa, Gentleman-LRher of the Black-Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That his Majesty had been graciously plealed to give the Royal Alient to the Bills following; viz.

An Act to supply the Deficiency of the Money raised by a former Act. intituled, An Act for granting to their Majestics certain Rates and Duties of Excile upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recom-pcuces and Advantages, in the (kid Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War

Royal Affeut to Bills.

against France.

An

5 W. <£/ M. 8° — 9°

An Act to prevent Disputes and Controversies concerning Royal Mines.

An Act to indemnify the Trustees of James Clayton Esquire, for joining with him in felling Lands, for Payment of his Debts.

to Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

ioiicituiM. nex^ jlt j.'i0VPn a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for vesting the forfeited F.ltates in Inland in their Majesties, to be applied to the UTe of the War.

ttys and The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of M ays and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Alajeliies, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Liltktontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sjteaker refuined the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after tho Debate touching the Report of the Conference is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Committee* Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 9* Februarii;

5° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Merchants A PETITION of Daniel Foe Merchant, was pre-itmjCre- j\ fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That lws* the Petitioner having sustained divers LolTes by Insurances fence the War with France, and having met and proposed u ' to his Creditors a Means for their Satisfaction, some few

of them will not come into those Proposals: That there being a Hill depending in this House, to enable feme Merchants Insurers the better to satisfy their Creditors, the n Petitioner (n ays his . Name may beinferted in the said Hill,

to have the like Benefit with them.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed.

Sir John Key, according to Order, presentrd to the ,j A' i;/11'1 House a Hill for the more ealy Recovery of linall Tythes.‘ fc. And the same was received.

'v-rs's A Bill for the Sale of the Eft ate of I I'm. Stevens,

'decensed, for Payment of the Mortgage-money thereupon, and applying the Overplus for the Benefit of his Sens, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Hill he read a Second time.

".'!nof A Petition of the Churchwardens, and principal Inha-1 f"i billing of the Parish of Whitwas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are inlbrinccl, there is a Hill passing this House for making the Runlet of (Tapping, within the said Parish of llidtecl/apcl, auiliinet Parish of itself: And praying the y maybe heard, as touching their Right, bclore the Palling of the said Hill

Onia td, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to tuc Committee, to whom tin: Bill for the Endowment of a Chapel at flapping, and making of it Vo l.XL

Februarii. 87

Parochial, and distinct from the Parish of Whitechapel, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Roger the elder Whitley'*

Esquire, and Thomas Whitley Esquire, to exchange certain Estate. Lands, of equal Value, in the County of Chester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Roger Whitley Esquire, and Tho.

JFhitley Esquire, to exchange certain Lands, of equal Value, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Air. Fenuic/c do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir John Guise, according to Order, presented to the Preventing Eloufe a Bill for the better preventing the Exportation Export of of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the better Wool, regulating the Factors at Bladaccll-hall: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple, Sir Math. An- . draws, Lord Falkland, Sir Roger Sir Robert piXrmenfor

Clayton, Sir Tho. I ernon, and all the Members that serve the Navy, for the Counties of Kent, Essex, Surrey, and London, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for compelling Fishermen to come into their Majesties Service, is committed.

A Bill for the settling the Inheritance of feme Parts of c. Turner'* the Estate of Charles Turner Esquire, which lie dispersed, Estate. in himself; and settling an entire Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Lies that the other Estate stands settled; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edon, Mr. Bedingfield, Mr. Eamphgh, Mr. Freeman, Sir Jon. Jennings, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Hedger', Mr.

Mr. Waller, Mr. England, Mr. Hcrxtry, Mr Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr. How,

Mr. Lloyd, Colonel Holt, Mr. Bulkier/, Sir Key,

Air. Freke, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hopkins and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the ingrossed Bill for Ease of the Ease of Jurors that serve at the AlTizes for England Jurors, and Wales, be adjourned until Morning

next.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Delays of Proceedings at Delays at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace was read the Third Quarter Set time. I*001-

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a-Rider, That all Certiorarisgranted within the Counties of Lancaster and Durham, shall be proceeded upon in such manner as the Act directs for the King's-Bench.

And the same was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Irish For-That the Petition of the Lord Fits Williams of Merion, features. Colonel Thomas Dungan, and Colonel Nicholas Purcell, presented to the House on Wednesday lall, be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Air. Boyle, according to the Order of the Day, reported Tryals for from the Committee of lie whole House, to whom the Treason'

Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason was committed, the Amendments made by the said Committee to the said Bill: The which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon

the

Translation of Letter respetf ing the breit Hfeet.

Februa

A. 1693

the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Defefl. in the Proceedings which is not Matter of Substance shall be allowed.

And the same was read die First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Dyke reported from the Committee appointed to translate a Copy of a French Letter, received by the Earl of Nottingham the 31st of May last. That they had translated the same accordingly: And lie delivered the Copy of the said Letter, and Translation thereof, in at die Table: Where the said Translation was read; and is as followeth; viz

A Copy of a Letter, writ from Paris, June the iff: R. May 30th, 1693.

Here is the Order of our Brest Fleet, lying at Anchor; which we could not have until this present.

The First Line, on the Side of the Port of Brest j which is composed of Twenty Vessels; namely.

1 The Syren - - Men. - 400 Guns. 60

2 The Perfect 3 The Excellent - - 45o 70

- 400 60

4 The Agreeable - 400 60

5 The Holy Ghost - 450 62

6 The Victorious - 600 100

7 The Ambitious - 650 96

8 The Glorious - - 400 6*a

9 The Conqueror - 550 82

10 The Admirable - * - 800 106

11 The Terrible Royal Sun - 1000 108

12 The Proud - 600 9°

13 The Content - 400 60

14 The Illustrious - - 450 76

15 The Pompous > ‘ 550 82

16 The Just - - 390 66

17 The Sovereign - - 600 80

18 The Formidable - - 650 9°

19 The Fearless 600 90

20 The Bizarre ‘ 450 70

The Second Line, on the other Side of Brest, is composed

of Twenty-one Ship: 3; namely, Guns. 60

1 The Courtifan - m Men. - 400

2 The Vennandois 4m - 400 60

3 The Rock - - 450 70

4 The Flourishing - - 450 82

5 The Marvellous - - 850 106

6 The Magnanim - 600 90

7 The Hairy - - 450 70

8 The Courier - - 400 60

9 The Ardent - - 450 70

10 The Grand - - 600 9°

11 The Terrible - - 900 106

12 The Conqueror - - 600 9°

i 3 The Brilliant - - - 400 60

14 The Prompt - - 400 60

15 The Capable - - 400 64

16 The Non such - - 400 60

17 The Amiable - - 400 70

18 The Dauphin Royal - - - 700 104

19 The Croxvn - - 500 80

20 The Fort - - - 450 70

21 The Magnificent - - 650 96

The Body of Reierve; composed of Twenty-seven Ships.

1 The Understanding Men. - 39° Guns. 66

2 The Neptune - - - 300 5°

3 The St.John of Spain - - 35° 64

4 The Marquis - - - 400 62

5 The St. Michael - - 400 60

6 The Precious - - - 400 60

Men. Guns.

7 The Rash m - 400 60

8 The Minim - *» - 450 70

9 The Moderate * - - - 400 60

10 The Trident - - - 300 50

11 The Happy Return - - - 358 52

le The Courageous w - - 400 60 /

13 The Brave - - - 400 60 1

14 The Diamond - fa fa 400 60 v

15 The Frenchman - fa - 350 54 - j

16 The Brisk - - fa - 400 60 '

17 The Mary Eliz. - - - 300 50

18 The Vigilant - fa fa 390 50

ig The Master - - 400 66

20 The Valiant - fa 390 58

2i The Fortunate - - 450 60

22 The Faithful - - - m 300 50

23 The Prince - u m 400 60

24 The Castrig- tm to 450 52 1

25 The Indian - fa 4m 400 60

26 The Envious - - - - 400 62

27 The Pearl - - 400 62

Tiiefe are yet remaining in the Port of St. Lewes, and L'Eole: Monsieur the Count is expected with

his Ships, and 2 or 3 more.

Thele are in all 68 Ships, in which are 30,118 Men, and 4,876 Pieces of Cannon.

There is News since, That this Fleet is failed, and out of Sight.

It is taken for granted, That Monsieur Le Count D'Estrees is before Jiofes, which is besieged by Monsieur

de Noaille.

Though many deny the renewing the Alliance with the Duke of Savoy, the most Intelligent affirm nevert'ir* efs, That he has agreed again for some Years; but it is not certainly known for how many.

Nothing hindered him from making Peace with us, bat that he demanded Pigneroll, which we would not grant.

Inform vourself what Bread is worth per Pound at don; for here Uiey say, it is very dear there.

They wonder still here, how it comes to pal's, That the Enemies grow not wife by Experience.; and that tiny always suffer themselves to be prevented.

To satisfy the people, This Day Te is sung for the Taking of Hydclberg.

Mons. Ponchairaine is here: It is said; there is a Guard kept about his House; but that appears not.

It is pretended, That the Caimacan, now Grand Vifier, is a great Soldier, and will carry on the War with great Vigour, being encouraged by the Conquests which we make in Germany.

The King hath received Advice, That Monsieur Du Fay, Governor of Fryberg, is dead: There are now tao great Governments to dispose of; Tournay, vacant by the Death of Monsieur de Manleu and Friburg.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report of the Conference with the Lords Yesterday.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Trenchard have a Copy of the said Report: And that he do present to this House, Tomorrow Morning, an Account, in Writing, of the Letter and Intelligence mentioned in the said Report.

Mr. Harley according to Order, presented to the House, from the Commissioners for stating the publick Accounts, the Information given, upon Oath, by the Lord Viscount Falkland, to the said Commissioners: And also,

An Account of the Penfioos, Salaries, and Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members of Parliament out of the publick Revenue, or otherwise.

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Friday, the 8th of December 1693.

The Lord Viscount Falkland came to the Commissioners of Accounts; and, upon Oath, answered to the following Questions.

Quest. 1. Your Lordship sent in your Letter Four Names to Mr. Francis Raitixfordviz. Randolph Ktine,

John

Intelligence

touching French Flee

ij

Lord Falkland's Examination.

Pensions,& to Memlftr

V ti-

-\i,

5 W. £J* M.

9° FehrmriL

89

John Thomas, Jacob Thomson, and Joseph Williams: Where do they live, that they may be Tent to

Anjw. All hut Randolph Kane were Names put in: His Lord ship knows no such Persons: They are fictitious Names.

Quest. Why were those Names used, if the Money was to be for his Majesty s particular Use?

Answ. His Lordship had no Realbn to use those Names: Did not know any of the Money was to be paid to Randolph Keine, until he went to Kaisington.

Quest. Had your Lordship any Directions to have Eight Notes, according as you require by your Letter to Mr. Rains ford?

Answ. He had no Directions for what Sums any Notes should be: But his Lordship asked the King, Whether

Answ.

It was while the Parliament waa fitting, before ford FJk-

his Lordship knew the certain Sum that was in Rains- ,*ml s 1:x-/> j> u j animation oy

Jords Hands Commission,-

Quest. Did the King, when youi' Lorclflup delivered rrs ac-the Notes for the first Two thoulimd Pounds, declare, or couit. promise, Your Lordship should have the other Two 1 thousand Pounds?

Answ. I cannot say it.

Quest. Did your Lordship expect that Money for your own Use?

Answ. I have deserved more than that from this Government; having been a great Loser since the Resolution, and served k faithfully.

This Honourable House, having been pleased to order Payments to he would have them in one Bill, or several ? His Majesty Mr. Robert Squibb to return an Account, to the Com- Members, laid. In several, to the b^ft of his Remembrance: But missioners of Accounts, of all Money paid by William doth not recoiled, that he had any Realbn for requiring Jepkjon Esquire, to Members of Parliament; the said the Notes for the Sums mentioned in the Letter; but did Mr. Squibb did give an Account, uj>on Oath, as far as it by his own Fancy. he could collect from the said Mr. s Papers, of

Quest. By what Order of his Majesty, did your Lord- all Payments made to Parliament-men, over and above ship allow Fourteen Days for Payment of the last Two what the Commissioners have already laid before this thousand Pounds? House.

Answ. He had no Order to allow Fourteen Days; but The laid Commissioners of Accounts have employed

j/l:_..?...j ».«. 7t 'r their utmost Diligence to observe the Commands of this 1

House: And, upon strict Examination of the several Persons, upon their Oaths, to whom the publick Money 1

hath been issued, they fiyd divers Payments made to

Members of Parliament, which appear not to be upon extraordinary Occasions; and therefore are not herein by them exhibked; such as are,

For the ordinary Service of their Offices.

Or, in Consideration of Estate purchased.

Or, where their Names are ulbd for other Persons. I

Or, for Rent, payable from the Crown for Lands, by 1 Contracts made many Years since.

Or, in Repayment of Money lent, or Interest for the feme.

Or, to be returned beyond Sea.

Or, Charity-Money to French Protestants.

Or, to such as have been Members of the late Convention, but are not Members of this Parliament, of are now deceased.

The other Payments, as far as yet is come to the Knowlege of the Commissioners, hereafter follow; together uish an Account of such Grants of Money, or Lands, as have passed under the Privy-Seal, now appearing to them: And the Commissioners will ullb further be ready to present to the House such other Payments of the like Nature, as shall corne to their Knowlege. i

Payments made by Win. Esquire;

To Colonel Charles Godfrey, upon his Annuity of 1,000l. per Ann. formerly paid by the Cofferer of the Quest. At what time, since his Majesty's Return, (fid Ho 11 (hold; paid him by Quarterly Payments, from the

his I-ordship required Mr. Ra to get it as soon as he could; and then acquainted the King with what he bad done, who approved thereof.

His Lordship further laid, That, notwithstanding what Mr. Ramsford said, upon his Lordship's giving an Acquittance for the Whole, which was on the 28 th of March, Mr. Ramsford did give his Lordship his own Note for the remaining 2,000l.; which he afterwards delivered up, when he had Mr. Fowle's Notes.

Quest. Where is your Lordship's Order to deliver Notes, or pay the First Two thousand Pounds to any Person

An/w.His Lordship produced Two Papers, which he acknowleged to be written by his own Hand; Copies whereof are as followeth;

March the 23th, 169 1 YOU are hereby directed to pay to Mr. Rundloph Keine tire Sum of Two thousand Pounds, which I ordered to be paid into your Hands for my immediate Service, taking his Receipt for the lame.

To Anth. Viscount Falkland. William R.

March the 23th, 1694. RECEIVED then of the Lord Falkland, by his Majesty's Directions, and for his Majesty s Service, the linn of Two thousand Pounds.

Randolph Keine.

your Lordship acquaint the King, That you had the remaining 2,000l. in your Hands

Anjw.His Lordship doth not remember the Time.

Quest.Was it before Mr. was sent for by

the House of Commons, or since

Anjw. His Lordship cannot be positive; but it was within Ten Days of this time: his Lordship lurtlier said, That lie had before desired a time to ipcak to his Majesty; and then he intended to speak to the King of this Matter.

Quest.We desire to know, If your Lordship advised, or (poke to any Member of Parliament, to beg or pro-

24 0 i May 1689, to the 5 June 1691; 2,799/. 14/.

6 d.

July 2d, 1690. To Thomas Papillon Esquire, Free-Gilt, apd Royal Bounty, 1.50/.

Ocloher4. To Sir Richard Onslow, for his Majesty's immediate Service; which, he deposed, was employed neither dirt&ly nor indirectly for his own Use, or any other Member of Parliament, but, by his Majesty's Cpm-mand, for publick Service; 1,000 /.

Payments by the Cofferer of their Majesties Ilouf-hold; viz.

To Philip Bickerfaffe Esquire, for a Stipend of 30/.

cure this Money, or any Part thereof, of his Majesty, j Ann. for Three Years and Halt' ending at or to join with your Lordship therein; and to what mas 1692, 105/.

Member

Answ.To no Member that did any thing the rein: Bis Lordship did propose it to the Speaker of the House of Commons, so:ne time since, to join with him to beg it: But he doth not remember Ire did propose it to any other Member of either House.

Quest. What time did your Lordship propose it to the Speaker

Vol. XI.

To Sir Stephen Fox, on a Pension of 120 /. per Ann.; said to be purchased of Mr. Hamilton lCOj, fora valuable Consideration; for Two Years and Hall) 300l.

Grants of Money and Land by Privy-Seals;

May 1689. A Grant and Deniile, to pals the Great Seal, unto Thomas Preston Esquire, of Uie Site of the difiblved Monastery, Rectory, Messuage, Rents, and Ueredkaments, in Furncis, and other Lands in the Coun-

A tv

1

9° — ib° F

A. 1693.

ty of Lancaster; whereof Sir Thomas Preston was feifeil; and which were by him conveyed to the Lord and Richard Walmesly Esquire, and their Heirs; and by them since surrendered to the Crown: Of which Premises, his late Majesty King Charles the Second, granted a Lease to the said Thomas Preston, in the 35th Year of his Reign, for Seven Yeas, under the yearly Rent of 400l.; to hold the same to the said Thomas Preston, his Executors, and Administrators, from Lady-Day, for the further Term of One and-twenty Years, under the yearly Rent of 200 I.

Memorandum. Mr. Preston is Heir Male to Sir. Tho. Preston, who did offer to settle this Estate upon him, in case he would change his Religion; which he refilling Sir Tho. settled it to superstitious Uses; and Mr Preston was at the Charge of veiling this Estate in the Crown: And the House of Commons have formerly agreed to a Proviso, for confirming this Grant December 1691. To John Dutton Colt Esquire, the Sum of 1,254/. 1 s. 9 d. Part of 2,508 /. 3 6 due upon

Composition made by Samuel Packer, and others at Bristoll, for the Duty of Tobacco unpaid there, for which, an Information was exhibited against them; in Consideration of his good Service performed therein, paid him the said Sum of 1,254/. 13. 9 d.

December 1692. To Samuell Esq; and his

Heirs, the Manor, or reputed Manor, of Cowherne, in the County of Hereford; and all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging; which were the Inheritance of Ralph Godwyn Esquire, deceased: And, after his Death, the Reversion thereof, expectant upon an Ellate, which Eliz. Relict of the said Ralph wyn, hath therein for her Life, for her Jointure, did efeheat to the Crown; to be holden of their Majesties, as of the Manor of East-Greenwich in Kent, in common Socage, by Fealty, under such Rents and Services, if any, as were payable out of, or for, the Premises, before or at the time of the said Efeheat.

April 1693. To Richard Lord Colchester, his Executors and Assigns, a Grant of a Piece of Ground, lying near the Forest of Waltham, in the County of Essex, called Wallwood; being in or near the Parish of Leighton, in the said County; with the Appurtenances; for 99 Years; under the yearly Rent of 6 s. 8 payable at Michaelmas.

April 1693. To Henry Herbert Esquire, a'Grant of 2,181 /. 4 s. 6f d.;and all other Monies which shall re-

main due to their Majesties from BevisLloyd Esquire, upon his Account, as late Receiver-General in several Counties in Wales: Also the Sum of 324/. 3 s. 4 and all other Sums, and Arrears, which shall appear to be due from John Nash Esquire, on his Account, to the 15th of March last past, as Receiver of the Revenue aforesaid, for the Year ending at Mkhaelmas 1688.

Memorandum. Mr. Herbert came to the Commissioners of Accounts, and affirmed. That he had not yet received any Benefit by this Grant, by reason other Persons had Claims to the same Arrears.

December 1693. To Edward Russell Esquire, Admiral of the Fleet, in Consideration of the many faithful Services performed; particularly, in destroying a considerable Part of the French Fleet in the Year 1692; a Grant of the Residue of 20,000 /.; that should arile by the Sale of such Quantities of ferubbed Beach, and Birch, Hazel, and Ouzel, as should be felled, and cut down in the Forest of Deane, in the County of Gloucester, in Seven Years, from the last Day of February, in the Fourth Year of-their Majesties Reign; after such Payments thereof as have been made into the Exchequer, and of such Sums as are already chargeable thereout.

Memorandum. It doth appear to the Commissioners of Accounts, That about 10,000l. hath been already disposed of out of the said 20,000 /. to be raised by Sale of Wood; viz.To Sir John Guise 7,000l. by Privy-

15

Seal, as is certified to this House in the last Return; and 500 /. to Daniel Osborne Esquire, to repair the Town of Heydon; and 2,500 /. for secret Service, to Mr. Guy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take into Consideration the said Information and Account; and also the former Account from the \ said Commissioners to this House of what Monies have been issued and paid for secret Service, and to Members j of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- London Or-ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the w hole *UU«E House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor,

Aldermen, and Common-Council of the City of London, relating to the Orphans of the said City.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Importing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Saltpetre. House, to consider of the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Cambridge Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the Election. County of Cambridge, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Ways and at Eleven a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the ^leaus-w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Protestanu next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Nat. of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of all such Protestants as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Telt against Popery.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Committees. That all Committees be revived; J

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Leu>es,

letters ior the leas, Vf

Mr Roberts:

Tellers for the Noes lSir Middleton> lellers lor the JNoes,|sir Cha:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

} 92. 1 46.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 10® die Februarii;

5° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

AN ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Frere's

for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry an Ertute. t

Infant, to raise Monies for Inning and recovering other Parts thereof, now under Water; and for Payment of Debts charged thereon; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingross'ed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barringtoi to enable Sir Charles Barrington to settle a Jointure on Estate. Dame Bridget his Wife; and to make Provision for their younger Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Continuance of the Act for punishing pUnifl, in°' Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Mutiny a Majesties Service; and for punishing falle Musters; and 1)efert, un for the Payment of Quarters for One Year longer; was read the First time.

RejoicedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of £revenl" Wool, Fulling and Scouring Earth, by altering the Penalty; '

[1i

IR.

4

2nd

l

res

5 W. S'M. io — 110 Februarii. 91

nalty; and for the better regulating of Factors in Black- them referred; and had direScd him to move. That they veil-Hall; was read the Fid! time. may have Leave to fit again.

liefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. That this House w ill, upon Morning

next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee

Duck? of Mr. Tracer ft reported from the Committee, to whom . of the whole House, to conlklcr further of Ways and

(on..Jl gin to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Ma- and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel jesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, of their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred

for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; was Ninety-four.

committed; That they had made feme Amendments to Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Commutes*,

the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the

House; and which he read in his Place, with the Cohe- And then the House adjourned till Monday

rence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevc- rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Irareof Ordered, That Sir John Aubin have Leave to go watt. ;nt0 the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobby have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

% % nce Mr. Secretary Trdichard, according to Order, presented to the House an Account, in Writing, of the Letter and Intelligence mentioned in the Report of the Conference, with the Lords, on Thursday last: And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That he believes the Earl of Nottingham did, on the 31st of May last, bring to a Committee of the Council a Letter dated from Paris, June 1 ft, N. S. and received May 30th, O. S. 1693.; an Extract of which Letter the Lords communicated to this House, at a Conference, the ifith Day of January last: That he does not remember the Letter was publickly read at the Committee, though several of the Lords might read it singly; but that it remained in the Hands of the Earl of Nottingham-, there being no Resolution taken at the said Committee, That the said Letter should be communicated to the Admirals of the Fleet: That, to the belt of his Remembrance, a List of the French Fleet, being Part of the said Letter, was the same Day sent to him from the Earl of Nottingham; a Copy of which Lift he sent to the Admirals, as does appear by comparing it with the Papers delivered by them in to this House.

That, the same Day, there likewise came a Letter from Sally, dated May the 17th, with Advice, That the French

Fleet was leen oft' that Island: Which Letter being publickly read at the Committee, a Copy thereof, together with the before-mentioned Lift, was immediately sent by Two Exprefies to the Admirals of the Fleet; the one, by the Way of Portsmouth, and the other, of Plymouth; and were received by them.

Resolved, That the same be communicated to the Lords, at a Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Trenchard do, on Monday Morning, present to this House the original Lift of the French Fleet, which he received from the Earl of Nottingham; and also a true Copy thereof.

liefolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subjefib-matter of the last Conference.

Ji iatd The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved uWS' itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to Vo L. XI.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lima, 12° die Februarii;

5° Gulielmi ct Marine.

Praters.

MR. Hungerford, according to Order, presented to Exporting the House a Bill for the Exportation of Iron, 1.0:1, Copper, Copper, and Bell-Metal: And the same was received.

An ingrafted Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Susan Chaplin'* Chaplin, and Dorothy Chaplin her Daughter, for Payment Estate. of Debts, and making a Provision for the said Susan and Dorothy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Susan Chaplin, and Dorothy Chaplin her Daughter, for Payment of Debts, and making a Provision for the said Susan and Dorothy.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the distressed Orphans of the City of London Or-London was presented to the House, and read; setting phans Fund.' forth, That the Petitioners have, for many Years, laboured under the greatest Calamities; their Fortunes being swallowed up, under a Colour of Protection and Guardianship, by the said City: That the Petitioners are without Hopes of Redrels, unless this House will take their Condition into Companion, being a Multitude without Counsel, without Friends, or almost the least Support:

And praying, That some Expedient may be found out for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor,

Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, relating to the said Orphans, is referred.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of finall Tythes Recovering was read the First time. Sm&11

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. lyibe*.

M{. IVviler reported from the Committee, to whom Capiatur the Bill for taking away the Capiatur Fine in the several , uie'

Courts at Westminster was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was tw ice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

Mr. Baa-yer reported, from the Committee of Elections Cambridge

and Privileges, the Matter touching the Election for the Fiction. County of Cambridge, as it appeared to the said Committee; the which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Rushout Cullen Boronet, complaining of an undue Return of the Lord to

serve for the County of Cambridge-,

The

- Ji

Cambridge

Election*

92

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Elefition.

The* Sheriff gave in the Poll: According to which,

The Sitting Member had 928.

The Petitioner - - - 921.

The Odds but - - - 7.

But this not agreed so, but that, by other Computations, it was made to amount to 1 o, or 11.

The Poll taken by the Sheriff's Clerk was all along in his own, and his Clerk's Custody; who both testified no alterations made: But the Books were not sealed up.

The Sheriff likewise testified, That he swore all those that polled with him, That they were Freeholders, and had 405. per Annum;and gave Directions to the other

Booths to do the like.

Upon this, the Couirfel and Parties being withdrawn, the Committee debated, Whether they mould admit Evidence, to unqualify those that swore themselves Freeholders, ;c.

And, upon a Division, it was carried in the Affirmative, That they would admit such Evidence.

Whereupon the Counsel, being again called in, produced the following Evidence, whereby to set aside several Voters for the Sitting Member.

Thomas Neuman,'] Were there themselves, and con-and > sessed, They voted for the Sitting

Richard King, J Member, and were sworn: And that the Freeholds they voted for, one was in Great Gaufdon in the County of Huntington, and not in

bridge; the other, That lie voted for a Freehold that was his Father's; which he thought might have done, his Father not being the re to vote for himself.

George Stem, and") Testified against 17 of the Pollers

Charles Chambers,/ for the Sitting Member, upon Account of their not having Freeholds; Joshua Noble: That he confessed, he voted, in regard of an Floule, wherein, upon Examination of the Writings, he had only a Term of 40 Years.

The same for A nth. Punchon.

That Tho. Paine confessed, lie voted in regard of an House he lived in, because it was Rent-free.

That Richard Priestly confessed, fie had no Freehold.

That Robert Lee confessed, He voted, in regard of Ten Acres he had by his Father's Will; but, producing the Probate, it appeared, his Mother had a present Estate for Life in it, and had made no Settlement upon him.

The same for the Freehold of Thomas

That William Brazier confessed, He voted for Nine Acres, that were his Father's.

That Wm.Cooper, John Rivers, Richard Baffe, and

John Bacon, confessed, They voted for Freeholds promised to be settled on them, but not done.

That William Band confessed, He voted for a Tenement, wherein he had but a Lease for Years.

The feme was also proved against Edward Freeman.

That Stephen Milter confessed, lie polled for a Tenement that belonged to an Infant, to whom his Wifq was Guardian.

That Joseph Merchant confessed likewise, He voted for

a Tenement that belonged to a Child, and not to him.

That William Ilurrill confessed, He voted, in respect to an Alms-house he lived in, because he paid *no Rent for it.

That Mathew Foreman confessed, He voted, in respect of an Annuity granted to him out of a Copyhold Estate of his Wile's: To which it was answered, This was an Infranchilement of the Copyhold.

All thele foregoing 17 Voters confessed, They had no other Freehold in the County.

It was likewise teliified by Chambers, That Dogget confessed, He voted, but had no Freehold at all; but, being fuddled, was over-persuaded to do so.

Sterne likewise testified, That Richard Mansfield, and Jeremy Marshall, confessed, They voted, one for an House not worth above 20, or 305. per Annum; the other, for Two-thirds of an House, worth but 465. per Annum.

1693.

William Martindale testified, That John Cradock confessed, He voted, in respect of an House worth but 205. per Annum,'.and a Mill, which he had for Years: And

none of these Three last had any other Freehold in the County.

Chamijers testified, That Na Wootton, that voted for the Sitting Member, was a Madman, and had no Estate.

But, on the other Side, it was proved by Richard Peerson. That he was no Madman, and had an Estate of 51, per Annum.

Exception was also taken against Seven more, that voted for the Sitting Member, That they were Minors, under the Age of 21 Years; viz. Henry Thomas

Pittock, Rickard Drury, Robert Batty, Southed Johnson, Wm. Jones, and William Neale.

The first Six proved by Certificates out of the Register; and the last, where the Register was loft, by his own Confession.

It was likewise testified of all these Thirty-one, That they had notice to appear at the Committee, to justity themselves against these Exceptions; but no notice to the Sitting Member.

Another Exception was taken. That there were, in the Poll Book, Two that polled for the Sitting Member, by the Names of Tho. Porter of Cambridge: And,

William Glen testified, There was never a one of that Name in Cambridge; and that lie knewmost People t lie re, having lived there 38 Years.

Charles Graboe testified, That he voted for the Petitioner, and was set down in the Poll to have voted for the Sitting Member.

That John Bolton voted for the Sitting Member, and refilled to tell what Freehold he had.

On behalf of the Sitting Member; It was proved by

Edward Jojj'elyne, 1 That, before the Election, there and > were Articles figued by the Can-

Joseph Dudley, J dictates, That there should be Four

Booths for Polling-Places; and all that came to poll to be sworn: That Minors should not be polled: And that each of the Candidates should have a Book to take the Poll in, as well as the Sheriff's Officers: Which were observed aceordingly.

That the Sheriff 's Clerk, at the Beginning of the Poll, making Mi Hakes, was discharged, and another put in his field.

That it was at the Desire of the Petitioner, that the Poll was doled.

That he examined all the Three Poll Books himself, and found them to have this Difference only: The Book taken for the Petitioner made the Surplus on the Sitting Member's Side 14; the Sitting Member's Book 13; and the Sheriff's Book 11.

Tho. Heard testified, That he polled for the Sitting Member, and yet was not entered in the Book: And that Rickard Mansfield, objected against by the Petitioner, had

a Freehold of 40 s. per Annum.

Richard Pierjbntestified, That William Morfon, that polled fur the Petitioner, had a Freehold but of 335. pa' Annum; and, being taxed with it, confessed it; and laid He would never do lb again: And he likewise testified, That Nathaniell Wootton, excepted against by the Petitioner, was no Madman; and had an Estate, of Freehold, of 5/. p&Annum.

Lucas Brown testified, That John Banks polled for the Sitting Member, and is not entered in the Poll-Book: To which it was answered, There was some Mistake in the Entry.

William Pcclly testified, He polled for the Sitting Member; and yet is not in Two of the Poll Books, though he is in the Third: But it was answered, and testified by Lowes, That he was in, by the Name of Peake.

John Stacy testified, That Janet told him, He

voted for the Sitting Member; but wras entered for the Petitioner.

The same was testified by Thomas Hitch for Panger; and by Joffelync for Hilliam Clack.

i Februarii.

5 W. &M.

12* Februarii.

91

John Acton testified, Robert Dixon was polled twice in

the Books taken by my Lord Cults' Clerk.

Pike testified, That ljtiac IVebb, and Stephen Cobb, that polled for the Petitioners, were Minors; and proved it by the Register.

And Dudley proved the same for Bevjamine Young, by his own Contclfion.

Pike likewise proved, That Geo. Lee, that polled for the Petitioner, had no Efratetill after his Mother's Death.

Nicholas Mallabarteftified. That John Dav'is, of Ely, the Country for a Fortnight, his Lady being very ill.

had only a Barber's Place to a College, and a Salary of 6/. per Annum, and a Singing Man's Place,

Mr. Secretary Trenchard, according to Order, pre- Lift of fen ted to the House the original Lift of th Fleet; French Fleet,

which he received from the Earl of Nottingham: And also, a true Copy thereof

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Raleigh have Leave to go into I »ve of

~ ~ *' ' A btence.

per Annum, and a Singing Man's Place, and no Freehold

A/tf/wrteftified, That Tho. Ben/on's Freehold was not worth 20 s.per Annum :The same for Robert Nichols, and Tho. Cadman:And these all voted for the Petitioner: The fame likewise of Tho. Harris: But Mallabar said, It might be worth 40 s. per Annum to dig, but not otherwise; All these were Land where they dug Turf: But it could not be proved, that any of these had notice to come to the Committee to justify themselves.

It was testified by Smith, That he had lived at Box-north 30 Years, and had been Ten Years concerned in the Taxes; and knew neither Geo nor Hurry, that are entered in the Poll, as of that Place, and polled for the Petitioner: But it was answered, That he was entered by the Name of John Sparrow in the Sheriff's Poll-Book; and such a one there was there: And the same they believed of Hurry, but could not find it out then on the Sudden.

Lowes proved. There was no Robert Cooling of Linton: But it was answered, Linton was there miltaken for Hinton; and Cooling w'as of that Place.

Josselyneproved, There was no Francis Harvey of that voted; and yet such an one is entered in the Poll to have polled for the Petitioner.

He likewise offered this Testimony, That George Palmer was entered in the Poll for the Petitioner; and that he made Inquiry in that Place he is named of, and could not hear of any such Man there: And would have done the same for John Jaggard: But the Committee would not admit such Evidence: And the Counsel on either Side confessed, they had none but such left; whereof, the Counsel on the Petitioner's Side alleged, They, had many, if the Committee would admit them; But it

a '

was admitted on neither Side.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to several JResolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and

Ordered, That Sir Eduard Phillipps have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the Continuance of the A6i for punishing Pwnishing . Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or delcrt their ^‘tlny aml Majesties Service; and for punishing fejfe Mutters; and L 10U* for the Payment of Quarters for One Year longer; was read the Second time.

llijblxed\ That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Complaint being made to the House, That several Pressing Persons have been prelled for Land-Service, and carried |len.i°r. e* to a House near Turn-Stile in Ho/borne; s an 1V1

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the Matter of the said Complaint be referred to the said Committee of the whole House: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, relbive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord Cults is not duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge.

Refilled\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Rushout Cullen Baronet, is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County

Mr. Boyle reported, That he having been at the Lords, Conference according to Older, desired a Conference: The Lords do"111* Lol'Js. agree to a Conference with this House, preferitly, in the Painted Chamber.

Rijblved, That the Copy of the French Letter, dated June l ft, N. S. and received by the Earl of Nottingham,

May 30th, O. S. 1693, and which hath been laid before this House, be communicated to the Lords at the said Conference.

lle/blvcd, That the original Lift of the French Fleet, and the Copy thereof, this Day presented to the House, be also communicated to the Lords at the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Managers, who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned; '

Mr.'Boyle reported, That the Managers had attended the Confeience, and communicated the several Papers, directed by the House, to the Lords.

of Cambridge.

Resolutions being read a Second

The First of the said time;

And the Question being put, That the House da agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Lord' Cults is not duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge,

It passed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That Sir Rushout Cullen Baronet is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Pollen have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir William Cooke have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Vol. XI.

The House was, according to Order,' called over:

And the Names of such as made Default were called over a Second time; and the Absence of several of them excused, by reason of Sickness, and Indisposition of Health.

Rcfotvcd, That Sir Henry Fane, Sir John Cotton, and Sir Thom. Grosvemr, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant'

ait Arms attending this House, for abfeuting themselves from their Service in Parliament.'

Ordered, That the House be called over again upon this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as have not Leave to be absent, as shall not then attend their Service in this House, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Call of tho lloule.

Forfeitures.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning . next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Bb

5>4

130- — 14® FeBruarii.

A. 1693.

Mortis, 13* die j

6° Gulielmi et Mariae.

tsAf IRS.

Whitehall's A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate‘ i\ to enable John Whitehall to charge certain Lands with the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds* towards Portions for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Dyoty Mr. BrewerMr. , Mr. Clarity Mr. Hozv, Mr. Shackerly, Lord Sir Hen. Goff, Mr.

Goldwell, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Bromley, Mr. , Mr.

Christy, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Robert Edoit, Mr. Sir

Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. Hedger, Mr. , Mr. Lampion, Mr. Lutterell, Sir John Banks, Sir Fra. Guibon, Lord

Digby, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Cook, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Sanford, Mr. May, Mr. and all

the Members that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Defaulters at The House being informed, That Sir Henry Fane's Ab-House*th# fence Yesterday, when the House was called over, was occasioned by his being very ill of the Gout in Town;

Ordered, That the said Sir Henry Fane be excused for his Absence Yesterday: And that the Order for fending for him in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms be discharged.

Barrington's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £iiate. to enable Sir Charles BBaronet to settle a Join-

ture on Dame Bridget his Wife; and to make Provision for their younger Children; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Chr. grave, Mr. Shackerly, Mr Foster, Mr. Biddutj)h, Sir Tho. JUidaleton, Mr. Cook, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Freeman, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. Blofield, Mr. , Mr. Treden-

ham, Mr. Waller, Mr. Serjeant W-gan, Mr.

Mr. Henley, Mr. Chctwyn, Sir Wilf '. Lawful, Mr. Beckenham, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Slater, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Pelham, Sir Alas-fam, Mr. Lutterell, Colonel Beaumont, Mr. Trenchard; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Lincoln, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Alter-noon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are impowered to lend for Persons, Papers, and" Records.

Spefial

Bails.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for settling the Method of taking Special Bails in the Court of King's-Bench; and for the Filing, Entering, and Doc-questing, all such Bails in the several Courts of Law at Westminster.

let, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Travers, Mr. Gould,

Mr. Christy, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Key; and all the Members of the House that serve for Ihe Counties of t)evon, Gloucester, Somerset, Worcester, and Wilts, and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And are impowered. to fend, for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir William Thomas have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. ' Absence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Railing the railing the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1694; although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Sir William Cooper do prepare and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the Gopftderarion of the Information for(j given, upon Oath by the Lord Falkland to the Commis- Falkland's sioners for stating the publick Accounts; and also, of Examination the Account of the Pensions, Salaries, and Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members of Parliament out of Accounts, the publick Revenue, or otherwise; and also, of the &c?

Account of what Monies have been issued and paid for secret Service, and to Members of Parliament; presented to the House by the said Commissioners; be adjourned until Friday Morning next J

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways and I

solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means. J

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to he granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance J

of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the ;i

Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. 1

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,:

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuni, 14* die Februarii;

Wool- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

combers, &c, whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition Trade. of the Wool-combers, and Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Preventing A Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Export of Wool, Fulling, and Scouring, Earth, by altering the Pe-Wool, &c. nalty; and for the better Regulating of the Factors in Blackwell-Hall; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill bo committed, upon the Debate of 'the House, to Sir John Sir Math. Andreas, Captain Reynolds. Sir Tho. , Lord Cornbury,

Kit John Barker, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Glen lum, Mr.

Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Cha. Sir Walt.

YoungJAv.Parsons, Mr. Bere, Mr. Biddu/ph, Mr. , Sir Slaw. Dashwood, Mr. Culhjord, ML M ter dot, Mr. How, Me. Clark, Sir Wm. HoneywoSir Richard Onslow, Colonel Lee, Mr. Freke, Sir Elwes, Mr. ham, Mr. Cook, Mr. Fox, Mr. Blofidd, Mr.

Mr. Brewer, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Bennet, Lord Paxv-14

6° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Edwards' to enable Thomas Edu ards to fell Part of his Estate, for the Payment of Debts; and to restrain and dliable him to commit Waite upon the Residue of the laid Estate; was read the First time.

Resolved, Thdt the Bill be read' a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir John Moreion, Barrington'* Mr. Goldwell, Mr. St. Joint, Mr. Done, Sir Robert Davers, Eiute.

Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Hutchinson, Major Vincent, Colonel

Beaumont, Mr. Cheney, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, froni the Lords, to enable Sir Charles Barrington to settle a Jointure on Dame Bridget his Wife; and to make Provision for their younger Children; is committed.

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom C. Tamer'i the Bill for settling the Inheritance of some Parts of the Estate of Charles Turner Esquire, which lie dispersed, in

himself; ,

6W. &M. 146 — 150 Februarii. 95

V Wmay'i Uiic.

himself; and settling an entire Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the uses that the other Estate stand settled; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which lie read in his Place, with the Coherence; and atterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question leve* rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafTed Bill to vest the Estate of Mary,

June, Arabella, Lucy, and Ani % in Trustees, to be Ibid.for Satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon, and preserving the Overplus for their Benefit, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vest the Estate of Mary, Elizabeth, Jane, Arabella, Lucy, and Arne MUdmay, in Trustees, to be sold for Satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon, and preserving the Overplus for their Benefit

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Samicell do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Irak.

M- Sir Rvbert Davers, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Wool-combers, and Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, in the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, Ljjkr, Cambridge, and Isle of Ely, was referred. That they had examined and considered the fame, and irfpefted the several Statutes that concern the Woollen Manufacture in Noncich; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee. That the Manner and Practice used by the Wardens and Assistants of the Weavers of Noncich, in their searching and seizing of Yarn belonging to the Wool-combers, is arbitrary, illegal, and an Abuse to the Subject.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the said Abul'cs.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Manner and Practice used by the Wardens and Assistants of the Weavers of Norwich, in their searching and seizing of Yarn belonging to the Wool-combers, is arbitrary, illegal, and an Abuse to the Subject;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

*» <»e Yea,}

Telle* for the No®' IMr. pff }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating fee said Abuses: And that Sir William-

son, Sir Robert Dovers, Colonel Mr.

and Mr. Bockenham, or any Three of them, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

[km* An ingrossed Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of [lull*. Trealbn, and Misprision of Treason, was read the Third time.

Ref jived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for -regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do carry the Bill to the Lords; tod desire their Concurrence thereunto.

103'.

88.

:?' lianrf luuct.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Vo 1. XI.

Oi'dered, That Mr. Campion hive Leave to go into the Uave of Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- East India solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade, consider further of the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Papilliontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. PapUlion reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next

Mr. Papillion also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House,

That the Commissioners of the Customs may be directed to lay before this House an Account of what Goods and Bullion have been exported to the East Indies; and also what East India Goods have been imported, and what thereof have been exported again, from the Year 1675, to the Year 1685.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do, upon Saturday Morning next, lay before this House an Account of what Goods and Bullion have been exported to the East Indies; and also what Goods have been imported, and what thereof have been exported again, from the Year 1675, to the Year 1685.

Mr. Papillion also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, before the Report from the said Committee, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the East India Trade.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Ways and That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Means. Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Wharton, Mr. Clark: (Colonel

(Sir Joseph Hern:

} 23. } 45-

Jovis, 15° die Februarii;

6° Gulielmo et Mari®.

PRAYERS.

MR. Brewer reported from the Committee appointed Apprehend-to consider of a more effectual Way of Apprehend- *ng Wgh* ing and Punishing of Highwaymen, That they had con- wa^men- , fidered the Matter to them referred, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring

in

150 — 16° Febrttarii. 1693.

Bankrupts

Estates.

Importing

Saltpetre.

in a Bill for the more effectual Apprehending and Punishing of Highwaymen, by changing the present Punishment ot Death; and, instead thereof, to confine them to hard Labour, with marks of Ignominy.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly: And that Mr. Braver do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Christy reported from the Committee, to whdm the Bill for the better Recovery of Bankrupts Estates, and for the more equal Distribution thereof, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence. lions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Arundell Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the Borough of Arundell, be made upon Monday Morning next:

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- London lblved itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to Orphans' consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, *und* and Common-Council, of the City of London, relating to the Orphans of the said City.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Gold-well took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refjmed the Chair.

Colonel Goldwell reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Refblutions; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Poor Relief. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Relief of the Poor, and setting them on Work: And that Sir John Guise do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Exporting A Bill for Exportation of Iron, Copper, and Belt-Irou, Copper, vvas rea(] ^hc First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Veneris, 16° (lie

68 Gulielmi cl Marite.

Supply Bill; Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented Duties on to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties cer-Sajt, Beer, Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale,

and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France: And the same w as received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

African A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-

Company. Councilmen, together with the Inhabitants of the City and County of Exeter, and Parts adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others employed in and about the making and dressing the Woollen Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That heretofore the Petitioners enjoyed a full Trade of the Woollen Manufactures, by reason of the many Buyers, who did export great Quantities, when the Trade was free and open to Guinea; lb that in different Prices were given for their Commodities, and the Petitioners were enabled to maintain their Families: That, since the said Trade hath been restrained to a Company, the Sale and Vent of their Commodities hath been very much lessened; many of them lying upon their Hands, many, for Want, sold at Under-Rates, many Traders for want of Vent forced to lay down their Trades, which is their lble Livelihood; whereby many Families, w'hicli (when the said Trade was free) formerly lived very well, are now become chargeable to the several Parishes where they dwell: And praying, That the Trade to Guinea may be no longer restrained; but that all Merchants may have Freedom to trade thither as formerly they did, before the said Company was erected.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to Che Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company is referred.

Ordered, That Sir William Whitmore have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Prideaux have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Leave of Absence.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Dyers, Setters, Callenders, vw.len i Tillot-Painters, Prelfers, and Packers, living in and Manuiac-about the City of London, was presented to the House, and tu, es. read; setting forth, That formerly the white Woollen ;\Ia-nufactury of all Sorts received their full Manufacture here, by being dyed, set, whereby their Majesties Customs for all Materials used in the Dying Trade, which arc very considerable, were duly paid, and the Artificers, and many Thousand Families depending on them, got their Livelihoods; but of late Years Foreigners and others, for private Gain, have exported them white, so that they are made fit for Use beyond the Seas, to the utter Ruin of -

feme Thousands of Families, betides the Lois of Custom; and feme of our Traders are invited to settle themselves in foreign Parts: That the Persons concerned in making and planting the Materials in the Dying Trade are very numerous, and much discouraged by such Exportation white: And praying, That such Means may be used to prevent the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures

white, as shall be thought requisite.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving, the Act, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee to whom Barrington^, the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate, enable Sir Charles Barrington Baronet to settle a Jointure on Dame Bridget his Write; and to make Provision for their younger Children; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the Blaclrwell-hall Factors was presented preventing

to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Export of . Bill in this House for the better preventing the Exporta- Wool, tion of Wool, Fulling and Scouring Earth, by altering the Penalty; and for the better Regulating of

6 W. & M.

fttlfc

16° Februa

97

jtfgiSering

Fiitmish

fcfiheKa»y.

hall FaQors: And praying. That the Petitioners may be heard against so much of the Bill as concerns them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Paid Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divere Fishermen, inhabiting within the Jurisdiction and Limits of the Vice-Admiralty of the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and many jmore,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Inhabitants in and near Red Lyon Red Lyon Square, and Streets adjacent, in tfcfe Parish of St. Andreses, Square Holborn, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the said ParKh is very large, and much in- new creased of late by new Buildings, and thereby grown' f6

vlcW-Ad Populous, tlmt the Car. of «, many Soul, cannot be well

° - - - J-- - chfcharged by One Minuter; nor is the Church of

ing to Custom, Time out of Mind used within the Limits and Jurisdiction thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in this House, for compelling Fishermen to come into their Majesties Service; wherein it is suggested, That the Power and Jurisdiction of the Company of Fishermen, belonging to the River of Thames, extends from Stai)ies . Bridge, to the North Foreland; great Part of which Extent is within the Jurilili&ion of the said Vice-Admiralty: Also, by the said Bill, The laid Company may call at Pleasure the Petitioners, or their Servants, to any Place, and enter their Names and Abode in a Register, with Power to Punish Offenders by imprisonment, or incapacitating them of their Employments: That the Petitioners have always been under the Government of the said Vice-Admiralty, which hath held Courts, and made Orders, for regulating the Fishery within their Limits; and always kept a Registry of the Names, and Places of Abode, of their free Fishermen, to the end that, when Occasion requires, they may compel them to serve their Majesties Fleets; and very great Numbers of the said free Fither-men are now at Sea, and others employed at Chatham Dock, in fitting out of their Majesties Shipping, at 9.?. per Week per Alan, though they can get 30 s. per Week in their Employment of Fishing: That the Petitioners are adviied, If the said Bill should pals, it will engage the Petitioners, who are poor, in many Suits, touching the Bights of the said Vice-Admiralty, by whole Laws they humbly conceive themselves as well governed, and made useful for the publick Service, as they can be by the said

1'vtbes.

Andrews large enough to receive all the Parishioners:

And praying, That Leave may be given, to bring in a Bill for making the said Red Lyon Si/aarc, and Streets adjacent, a distinct Parish from the said Parish of St.

Andrews; and for the building a new Church near the said Square.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Doctor Barbon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes Recovering was read the Second time. Sma'1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, Mr. BoJ'anren, Sir Sir John Key, Mr. Mordaimt, Mr. , Mr Fenwick,

Mr. Christy, Sir Hen. Gough, Sir Mr.

Biddulph, Sir Robert Daxers, Mr. Dolbeu, Mr.

Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. How, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Shack

Mr. Ryder, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Trelawny, Mr.

Bickerstaffe, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. FigMr. Mr.

Lampton, Mr. Burdet, Mr. EnglandSir Gilbert Clark,

Sir Tho. Barnardiston, Mr. Cook, Mr. Lassels, Mr. Kenyon,

Mr. Stockdale, Sir Fra. Guilfon, Mr. , Sir Tho.

Ilaslerigg, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Bulkly, Sir Fra.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

several Reufous to offer against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill committed.

is

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton, in Custody of the \ Member ______ __________ ______ __________ _______ Serjeant at Arms attending this House for absenting him- difebar^ed

Company,'.7h^lh7P^rio^"beiieve, dtsign a private from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of fomCustod}-. Advantage to themselves, more than a publick Good: Custody, paying his Lees.

Ami praying. That they may be heard, they having

A Petition of the Proprietors and Owners of the Salt- Duties -Pits, and Salt-Water, in in IF was on Salt,

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners Estates in the said Salt-Pits are different from all other Salt-Works of England; the Petitioners holding from the Crown at a Fee-Farm Rent of 1001, pa' Ann.:

That the whole Salt-Water there is divided into certain Shares, which are always taxed equal in the Pound-Rate ing in the said Town; and also, of divers other Fishermen, with Lands and Tenements in the said County; and last inhabiting within the Manor of Feversham, and Liberties Year paid full in the Pound: That those Shares thereof, and free Fishermen of the In-grounds thereunto are leased for long Terms, at the full improved Value, belonging; was presented to the House, and read; with different Covenants for Payment, and Non-payment, setting forth, That, at the Instance of the Company of of Taxes; so that, if any other Tax should be laid upon Fishermen belonging to the River of Thames, a Bill is Salt made there, it would breed a Confusion between

Landlord and Tenant, and tend to the utter Deftyu6tion of the Manufacture in that Place: And praying the

A Petition of divers Fishermen of the Town of Fcver.sk am in the County of Kent; which Town is a Member of the Cinque-Ports-, in behalf of themselves, and many more, liv-

now in this House for compelling Fishermen to come into their Majesties Service, alleging, That the said Company's Jurisdiction extends from Staines Bridge, to the North Foreland', whereas, Part of that Extent is within the Juristiction of the Cinque-Ports, and Part within the Manor of Feroersham, to which the said Company never

Consideration of the House in the Premises, and such Relief as shall be thought fit.

And the fame, relating to the Bill for granting certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other

pretended to have any Right: That the said Bill aims to Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advan

tlestroy several Privileges of the Petitioners, which they have enjoyed Time out of Alind; and which are confirmed to them by several Acts of Parliament: That the Petitioners conceive, They now are as w ell, or better, regulated and made useful to their Majesties Service, by the Laws and Customs of the Cinque-Forts, as they can be by the said Company; the greatest Part of Feversham Fiftier-inen, who are able, being now actually in their Majesties Service; and there being a Court kept twice a Year for regulating the Fillicry of the In-grounds: And praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel and Witnesses, they having many Objections to oiler against the Palling 01 the said Bill.

Yol. XI.

tages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for he Yeas,

Co.

Tellers for the Noes, FJ ll0‘

So it passed in the Negative.

C c A Petition

London

Orphans

Fund.

Protestants

Nat.

Pumihing JVlutiny and Desertion.

Ways

and Means.

98 16° — 17

A. 1693.

A Petition of Ann Wright was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner being fatherltfs and motherfefs, in 1682, a Relation, intrusted with her Affairs, lent 600l. of the Petitioner's, being all the had, to the Chamber of , at 5/. per Cent.

and there is now due *to her above 200l. for Interest, betides the Principal: That had it not been some Friends did supply her Necessities, being fiekly, (lie must have peridied for Want: And praying. That the may be put in the same Condition as the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, relating to the Orphans, be made to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itfclt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of all such Protestants as thall take tire Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery.

Rtf Iced, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Continuance of the Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers w ho shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punching false Musters; and for the Payment of Quarters; for One Year.

v.

Resolved, That this House will, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, proceed in the Conti deration of Wa vs and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their f Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-, Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

And then the House adjodrned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 17* die F;

6° Gulielmi et Marke.

Prayers.

AP ET ITION of divers Sergemakers, living in and Serge-about the Town of IVidling ton in the County of erfet, was pnTented to the House, and read; letting forth,

That the Art of Sergemaking is of great Advantage to this Kingdom; yet it being reputed not to be within the Statute 5* Eliz. which requires Seven Years pprenticeship,

many unlkillul Persons have presumed to exercise the fame, to the Disparagement of the said Commodity, both at Home and Abroad; and many, by reason of the Smal-ness of their Stocks, are lorced to accept of Credit for Wool, and then mult fell at any Rate to support a Trade; and many times accept of their Commodities in lieu of ready Money; and for their present Relief, they have fold for‘3c/. or 4 d.lots in a Shilling, which, in a little time, will ruin the said Trade ' And praying, That such Ways may be taken lor the keeping up, and improving, tire Art of making Serges, and preventing all Abuses therein, as shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the Examination and Confederation of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preventing tire Exportation of Wool, Fulling and Scouring Earth, by altering the Penalty; and for the better regulating the Factors in Biddacellhall; is committed.

Lord Falk- !The House, according to the Order of the Day, prolands Lxami- ceeded to take into Considerat'on the Information given,

nation by upon Oath, by the Lord Falkland, to the Commissioners

koners of ' for bating the publick Accounts: And also the; Account

Accounts, of the Pensions, Salaries, and Sums of Money, paid or

&c. payable to Members of Paiiiament out of the publick

Revenue, or otherwise: And the Account of what Monies have been issued, and paid, for f< cret Service, and to Members of Parliament; presented to the House by the said Commissioners.

And the Examination of Mr. Francis Rainsford;and also the Information given, upon Oath, by the Lord Viscount Falkland, before the said Commissioners; formerly , presented to the House from the said Commissioners; were

Mr. Christy reported from the Committee, to whom the Whitehall's

ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Whitehall to charge certain Lands with the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, tow ards Portions for his younger Children, was committed, That they bad examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Mr. Waller, according to Order, presented to the Special House a Bill for settling the Method of taking special ^Is, Bails in the Court of King's-Bench; and for the Filing,

Entering, and Docquetting, of all such Bails in the several Courts of Law at Westminster:And the same w as

received.

read.

And the Lord Falkland was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

Besolution And a Motion being made, and the Question being against Lord put, That the Lord Falkland, being a Member of this House, by begging and receiving Two thousand Pounds from his Majesty, contrary to the ordinary Method of ilfuing and bestowing the King's Money, is guilty of a high Mililemeanor, and Breach of Trust;

Falkland.

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

143-

/Mr. Harley, j

[Sir Rowland J

Tellers fur the J?ocs,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

He is com- Refolded, That the Lord Falkland be committed to mined to the Tower of London, during the Pleasure of this House: the Tower. And that Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant accordingly.

SecretService The Account of the Monies issued, and paid, for secret Money, kt. Service, and to Members of Parliament; and also the

Account of the Pensions, Salaries, and Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members of Parliament out of the publick Revenue, or otherwise; were read.

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Sir William Cooper, according to Order, presented to Raising the House a Bill lor railing the Mililia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four; although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And the same was received.

A Bill for the measuring, by a dead Weight, the Keels Boats and Boats within the River of A 'upon Tine, and farrvil'S the Ports adjacent, which carry Coals, was read the Codb' Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ralph Car, Mr. Biclcerstajfe, Sir John Key, Colonel , Mr.

Mordant, Mr. Christy, Sir John Barker, Mr.

Mr. Polle.ifen, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Rich. Hart, Sir Win. York, Mr. White, Sir fho. Sir Robert Cotton, Mr, Lutterell, Mr. GoldiMr. Bence, Mr. Waller, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Mr.

Slater, Mr. Carr, Mr. Fawkes, Lord Mr. Fenwick, Mr. How, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Frexven, Mr. England; and all the Members that serve for the Sea-Ports, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Colonel Goldioell reported from the Committee of the Lmidoa whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Orphans Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- fuml* Council, of the City of London, relating to tire Orphans

of

6 W. & M.

17° Februa

99

of the said City, That they had considered the same; and The House took into Consideration the Petition of Ann Lmdon Or-the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of Wright, which was presented to the House. Yesterday, and Ptian* *und; the said Committee; and had come to several llosolutions lay on the Table.

Ordered, That the said Ann Wright be inserted in the said Bill.

thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

A Petition of Edivnrd Brewster, Citizen and Stationer Ditto.

Rejohxd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of London, on behalf of the Children of George

late Citizen and Stationer of London, deceated, was pre-lcnted to the House, and read; letting forth, That Hannah Saw bridge, late Widow of the said George, being by him left aTruftec for the said Children, did, i 1 1681, and 1682, lend 2,000 /. of the said Childrens Money to the City of London; and took Two Bonds as a Security for the lame: That, soon after that, the said Hannah made her Will, and the Petitioner her Executor: and died without having received any Part of the Principal or Interest: That, in case the whole Revenues of the City should be settled by Parliament, for Payment of the Orphans Debts, without Provision made for the said Children, they will be in great Danger of losing the said 2,000l. and Intcrelt: And praying. That loch Provision may be made for the Relief of the said Children, as that the said 2,000l. and Intcrelt may be secured to them.

Ordered, That the Petitioner, on behalf of the said Children, be inserted in the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Supply Bill; Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, Duties on for securing certain Ilecompences and Advantages, in the ^lt' heer> said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as flia.li voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the W ar against France, was read the . Second time.

Resolved, That no Member of the House of Commons shall he concerned directly or indirectly, in the Fanning, Collecting, or Managing, of the Duties to be collected by ttiis Bill, or any other Aid to be granted to their Majesties,

That, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London, a Rent-charge of Eight thousand Pounds per Ann. be charged upon all the Revenues of the said City, for raising a perpetual Fund of Intcrelt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the City of London be enabled to raise a Sum not exceeding 2,000 I. per Ann. upon personal Estates within the said City, tow ards the further Satisfaction of the Debts due to the said Orphans.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of Jjnuhn, the Patentees, upon a Lease

to them to be granted for a Term not exceeding 21 Years, do, out of the Profits of the Convex-Lights, pay the Sum of Six hundred Pounds per Ann.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards Satisfaction of the Debts, due to the Orphans of the City of London, there be an additional Duty of Four-pence per Chaldron, Metage, laid upon Coals within the Port of the City of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards Satisfaction of the Debts, due to the Orphans of the City of London, there be a Duty of Six-Pence per Chaldron, for Fifty Years, laid upon Coals imported to the City of London; to commence from the Determination of the Duty now thereupon for the Building of St.

Paul's Church.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards Satisfaction of the Debts, due to the Orphans of the City of London,a Duty of Four Shillings per Tun, upon Wines imported into the Port of London, be other than the present Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Officers and Commissioners for managing the Customs and Excise.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of die whole I louse.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

P'itt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Whitley's to enable Roger Whitley the elder Esquire, and Thomas Ei'tate.

Whitley Esquire, to exchange certain Lands, of equal Value, within the County of Chester, without any Amendments: Also,

The Lords have pafifed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Alice Turner Widow, and her Children, to make Sale of certain Houses and Ground in or near Lincolne's-Inn-Fields, in the County of (ex.

paid over and above the Duties charged thereupon; and so in proportion for a greater or ieffer Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of London, the Improvements to be made by the Aqueducts belonging to the said City be applied to that Puvpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the said City of London, there be paid by every Personto be bound an Apprentice in the City of London,

Two Shillings Six-pence; and by every Personr to be made free of the City, Five Shillings; over and above what is now paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an equal Consideration be had of William, Henry,

Stewkly, and Katharine Goduyn, Audree Beale, and Mary Chappell, upon their Petition, as of the Orphans of during the Minority of the younger Children: To which

A. Turner'*

Estate.

the said City.

Refoved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an equal Consideration be had of Francis,

Ellen Panic, and Grace Bell, upon their Petition, as of the Orphans of the said City.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an equal Consideration be had of Nicolas Smith, Clerk, upon his Petition, as of the Orphans of the said City.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an equal Consideration be had of the Lady Ann Dowager Rockingham, in behalf of her younger Children, upon her Petition, as of the Orphans of the said City.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Colonel Sir Chr. Muf-

grerve, Mr. IJurcourt, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Tho.

Cleirges, and the M embers for the City of- London, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

You XL.

they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr Godolphin, from the Commissioners of the Customs, jn<Jia according to Order presented to the House an Account Imports, fcc. of the East India Goods imported between the Year 1675, and the Year 1685:

And acquainted the House, That the Account of the Goods and Bullion exported could not, as yet, be prepared; but would be ready in a few Days:

But that, as to the East India Goods which have beeh exported again, the Account thereof could not, be prepared in less than Two or Three Months.

Ordered, That the said Account of the Goods and Bullion exported to the East Indies be laid before til s Houlb upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Ia

mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the East India Trade.

The

Secret Service Money.

t

Adjourn*

meat.

Stevens'

Estate.

Encouraging

Privateers.

African

Company.

C Turner's

biiate.

DO

170 — 190 Februariu

A. 1693

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yesterday, upon the Account of the Monies ifibed and paid for secret Service, and to Members of Parliament; and also of the Pensions, Salaries, and Sums of Money, paid or payable to Members of Parliament out of the publick Revenue, or otherw ife.

And the Names'of the Members therein mentioned were severally read over.

And such of them as were present, gave their An Avers to the Matters therein charged.

And as to such as were absent, they were ordered to attend, in their Places, upon Saturday next.

Ordered, That the Debate, as to those Members that are absent, be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

N The House divided.

The Y eas go forth.

Tellers for the \

Tellers for Ore Noes

So it w as resolved in the Affirmative.

} 98. 78.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 19° die Februarii;

6° Gulielmi et Mari*

Praykus.

All ILL for Sale of the Estate of Win. Stevens, deceas'd, for Payment of the Mortgages thereupon, and applying the Overplus lor the Benefit of his Sons, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Perry, Colonel Greenfield, Sir Richard Mr.

Christy, Colonel Goldzccll, Mr. Mr.

ham, Mr. Slater, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Dyot, Mr. Brewer, Mr LuMr. Waller, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Foley, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Dry den, Mr. cent; and all the Members that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at i'our a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Air. Bcdingfield reported from the Committee, to whom

it was reterred to consider of the Petition of the AJer-chants at Mounts-Bay in Cornwall; and also to inspect and consider oi the late Act for Encouraging of Privateers; and to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for their better Encouragement; That they hadconsidered the Matter to them reterred; and had prepared a Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers; which they had dirtfted him to present to the House: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Rijulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers, in and about Witnessin the County oIOjo//, was prei'ented to the House, and read, felting forth, That, by realou of the great Difficulties and Disturbance occasioned by Interlopers who trade to Africa, the Royal African Company of England have been much discouraged in their Trade to those Parts; w hereby the Petitioners, w ho have their chief Dependence on the said Company, are so much impoverished, that unless some speedy Relief be given, they cannot subsist in their several Employments: And praying, That the Trastick of the said Company may be protested in such manner as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Royal African Company is referred.

An ingossed Bill for lettling the Inheritance of some Parts of the Estate of Charles Turner Esquire, which lie

dispersed, in himself, and his Heirs; and settling an entire Estate of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses that the said other Part of his Estate were settled; was. read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for settling the Inheritance of some Parts of the Estate of Charles Turner Esquire, which lie dispersed, in himself, and his Heirs; and settling an entire Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses that the said other Parts of his Estate were settled.

Ordered, That Sir Jonathan Jennings do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Debate upon the ingrossed Bill for Eafeof the Ease of Jurors who serve at Assizes for England *ulur8, and Wales, bo further adjourned until Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock: And that the Members of this House of the Long Robe do then attend the Service of this Ilopfe.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Aloming Importing at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the SaUlR'"e-whole House, to consider of the Bill, for the Importation of Saltpetre.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Vcxaiiou* the Amendment of the Law in taxing of Colts, and Su>ts« preventing of Suits, by involuntary Trofpafi'es: And that Mr. Harcourtdo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dyke have Leave to go into l«v« of ,the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa- AWeece. lions.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hart have Leave to go into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Hyde have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occalious.

Ordered, That Sir JSt. Andrew St. John have Leave to go info the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax have Leave to go into the Country Ibr a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland, a Pri- V«tition from foner in the Tower, w as presented to the House, and L>rd Falk- -read; letting forth, That he is highly knfible of the Displeasure of this House; and that a loDger Coutinu- \ ance of his Confinement will be extreameiy prejudicial to \ him: And therefore praying to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Lord Falkland be discharged 1 from his Imprisonment in the 'Tower. j

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Amidol l 1

-Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the KUttion. Borough of Arundell, be made Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Cait 0p tIje: Tomorrow Sevennight. House.

1

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself ways and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ftieius. 0 of W'ays and Aleans for raising the Supplies to be granted

to their Majesties, for the Aiaintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces for the Service of the Year 1694.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they t

had directed him to report, when the House would pleute }

to receive the same.

Ordered,

6 W. or M.

I (f — 204 — i i°

tol

Ordered, That the said Report bd rtiade upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sit 7ho. Littleton affo acquainted the Hdufe, That he Was dirtfted by the said Coinuiittee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Befitted, That this House will, Upon Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majestics, for Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Arid then the House adjourned till lo-morrow Morning, N ine a Clock.

Martis, 20" die;

6® Gulielmi et Marie.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this Hdufe w.ll, upon Morn- Irish

ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- forfeiture*, mrttee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for veiling the forfeited Estates in Ireland iti their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Protestant* Ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of such Protestants as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, fend the Test against Popery.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Amndell Elections and Privileges, touching the Election for the lile&ion.. Borough of Arundell, be made upon Thursday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

PRAYERS.

frrt'l

Cue,

AN inenoffrd Bill, froth the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry an

Infant, to rail'e Money for Inning and Recovering other Parts thereof now under Water; and for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Perry, Sir Fra. Guibon, Colonel Lee, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Key,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Slatin', Mr. Dolben, Mr. Brener, Sir Robert Dovers, Lord Fair let, Mr. Freke, Mr.

Jom, Sir Jof Herne, M r. Bedingfield, Sir John Sir

Cha. Wymlham, Mr. White, Mf. England, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Pollexfen, Mr. Christy, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Lutterell,

Mr. Cook, Mr Boner, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John; and all the Members that serve for the County of Kent: Anti they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A(

Mereurii, 21° die

6® Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

COMPLAINT being made to the House, That Privilege, Charles St ut exile Esquire -hath entered upon the Estate late of Mr. Justice Dolben; which, upon his Death, delcended and came unto Gilbert Dolben Esquire, a Member of this House, as his Heir and Executor; and hath committed great Waites and Spoils thereupon; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Charles Stutexile be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Pi^mpU

Euies.

Wious

Lifting

An irigrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Edwards' to enable Thomas Eduards to fell Part of his Eliate, for Ettute. the Payment of Debts; and to rest rain ami disable him read the Third time, upon Thursday Morning next, at to commit Waste upon the Residue of the said Estate;

was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. , Mr. Clarke, Mr.

JCaller, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Christy, Mr. Bid-dulph, Mr. Sir Mr. Mr* England, Mr. Blofield, Major Vincent, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Femeick, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Key, Mr. Kenyon, Mr.

A Bill for the Exportation of Iron, Copper, and Bell- Bicken Sir William York, Mr. Price, Mr.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for better Discovery, and more equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates, he

Eleven a Clock.

Mr. Harcnuft, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for Amendment of the Laws, in Taxing of tofts, and Preventing of Suits for involuntary Trespasses: And the same was received.

3dl

101).

Upper, Metal, was read the Second time. l- Rtfohtd, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate

of the House. to Mr. Bofeane Sir William Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Goodrich, Lord Comngsbi/, Mr. Nicholas, Sir The. Hajlerig, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Korries, Mr. Thornhaugk, Lord Poniiet, Sir JofphHerne, Mr. How, Mr. Christy, Mr. Mufgraxc, Mr. Goklzre/J, Mr. Kendall, Sir John Mr. Pigott, Mr.

Air. Hiingerford, Mr. Sim.Smith, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hen-

ly, Mr. Ogle; and all the Members that serve for the County of Salop, and North-Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for settling the Method of taking Special Bails special Bails, in the Court of King's Bench; and for the Filing, Entering,

Mungtrjnrd, Mr. White, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Tho.. Vernon, and Docquctting, of all such Bails in the several Courts of

1* i* i 1 I a r* ^ir Skit* I «( 1,... a 4 »Ln L'i«A.

M»g

I wpeire.

Mr. England, Doctor Barbon, Sir Edward Sir

John Pur fins, Mr. I Valter, Mr. Iledger, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Slater, Sir Tho. Littleton. Mr. PetTy, Mr. Mr.

Colt; and all the Members that l'erve for the Counties of Dixon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this After-qew at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to the Order of tile Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Htn. Goodrich took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sj>caker resumed the Chair.

Sot Henry Gvounck reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therumto; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the lame. Vol. XL

Law at Westminster;was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Bill for the Amendment of the Laws, in taxing Vexatious Costs, and preventing Suits for involuntary Trespaftes, Suiio was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Continuance of the Act for panilli-ing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesti' S Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for the Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Coningsbytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

D d Th«

Plinishing Mutiny and Deieruou.

Ways and Means,

Disfranchising Stock* bridge Bo* tough.

Committees.

Merchants

insurers

Creditors.

Edwards'

ElUte.

l^ndon Orphans Fund.

Earl of

Thanet's

Estate.

102 21° — 22 Februarii. 1693.

The Lord Conitigsby reported from the said Committee, Thanet-H in the Parish of

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several to commence after the Remainder of a Term of 31 Years, Amendments; and had examined and considered the now in being: To which they desire the Concurrence of Complaint made to the House, the Twelfth Instant, of this House.

Men being pressed for Land-Service; and had come to a And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolution therein; both which the Committee had di-

reded him to report to the House, when the House would A Petition of Esquire, and Ann his London Or-

please to receive the same. Wife, one of the daughters of John of the City of Phaus fund*

Ordered, That the said Report he made upon Saturday London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read;

Morning next. setting forth, That the said Ann, being an Orphan of the said City, did put the Sum of 2,000l. into the Chamber of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the London; and the City gave her a Bond of 3,000l. Penalty, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further for her Security: That there is now due to the Petitioners, of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted for Principal, and Interest, above 2,700 /.: And praying, to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and That their Names may be inserted in the Bill for the Re-Land-Forccs, for the Service of the Year 1694, which, lief of the Orphans of the said City of London. by Order, was to be made this Morning, be made To- ‘ Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table morrow Morning. until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to disable the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, from fending Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the future.....be revived: And have Power to fend

the Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of Martha Hath Widow', was presented to Ditto, the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Husband, dying about 1674, left her, and Three Children; and his w hole Estate not worth above 1,200l.; That the Petitiom r w as advised to put 1,0001, into the Chamber of London, as the securest Fund: That this House hath now h Bill under their Consideration for the Relief of the Orphans of the City of London: And praying. That file may be equally relieved with the said Orphans.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas 1VarburtonVJ<\nm was presented Duty o» to the House, and read; setting forth. That about a Salt.

Year since, there was found in the Petitioners Ground, a Rock of Foflile Salt; which, being dissolved in Water,

MR. IValkrreported from the Committee, to whom may be refined, and again boiled up into ufefol Salt; but,

the Bill to enable divers Merchants, that have before it is so refined, it is wholly useless: That the Peti-

sustained many Lofl'cs by the p efent War with France, tioner is charged by the Act for raising 4.?. in the Pound, j

the better to satisfy their several Creditors, was commit- with 4s. per Pound for all the Profit he makes of the said

ted, That they had examined and considered the fame, and Foflile Salt: And praying, That such Provision may be j

the several Petitions to them referred; and had made made, that the Petitioner's Salt may pay no greater Duty

several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed than other Salt made in England. him to report to the House; and which he read in his Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Ma-throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, jesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Re- ,

by the House. compences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to

And an Amendment being proposed, by inserting the such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten Name of Daniel Foe into the Bill; hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War

The same was, upon foe Question put thereupon, agreed against France, is committed, unto by the Ilojife.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. reported from the Committee of Elections Arundell

ingrossed. and Privileges, the Matter touching the Elc&ion for the Election.

Borough of in the County of Sussex, as it ap-

Sir Robert Cotton reported from the Committee, to peared to foe said Committee; the which he delivered in, whom foe ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An in Writing, at foe Clerk's Table: Where foe same was Act to enable Thomas Eduards to fell Part of his Estate, read; and is as followeth; viz.

for the Payment of Debts; and to restrain and disable him Upon the Petition of John Cook Esquire, complain-

to commit Waste upon the Residue of the said Estate; ing of an undue Return of the Lord Walden to

was committed; That they had examined and considered serve for the Borough of in the County

the lame; and had directed him to report the same to the of Suffix.

House, without any Amendment: And he delivered foe The Committee have examined the Merits of that "J

fame in at the Clerk's Table. Election.

That, for the Petitioner, it was alleged, That, in the Colonel GoUhrell, according to Order, presented to the Poll, the Petitioner and Sitting Member had equal Votes,

House a Bill for Relief of the Orphans of foe City of 76 apiece; and the Mayor, having the casting Voice, J

London: And the same was received, and read foe First gave it for the Sitting Member; so that they had but a

time. Majority of One: But, in the Poll given in by them, the

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Sitting Member has 7S with the Mayor, and the Petitioner 13

77; but the Petitioner excepted against 21.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir That to make out this, it was alleged, That the

Lacon William Child': Right of Election was in the Housekeepers that paid

r- Speaker, Scotland Lot; and they were examined by the Poors

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Book.

enable the Tail of Thu net, and the Honourable Sackvile That this was teltified by77/0. junior, who had

J of ton his Brother, to make a Lease for Sixty Years of lived in the Town 33 Years, and had known all Elections 2o for

Jovis, 22® die;

6* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

6W. & M. 22° Februarii. 103

.for Parliament-men and Mayors in that time: And there the Dragoons had their Guns loaded with Powder and was a Poll in Mr. Garrawaye's Elefition; and this was the Ball, by Order of their Quarter-Master; and that he was Eicftion. Manner then, and the Poors Book produced for that threatened, and knocked down, by one of them, the Day Purpose. after the Elefition.

That Anthony Morley testified the same for 41 Years: That James Gold testified, Their being threatened to

And That, in that time, there were two Polls in that raise their Rents, if they would not vote for the Sitting Manner. Member.

Dr. Morris and Thomas Oliver testified the fame; That testified His being threatened by the

one, for 48 Years; the other, for 34 Years. Mayor to be arrested by him, and put out of his Work,

That Thomas Pedhum tenior testified, That Quakers if he did not vote for the Sitting Member, and was put had Votes, if in the Poors Book: He gave in the Poll, out of his Work accordingly, after the Election, and said. It was compared with that of the Mayor's; and That John Ockendon testified, against the Mayor, That differed only in the Five last but one, which were not in he threatened him, and Thomas Cotton, that he would blow the Mayor's Poll, but voted as set down. them up, and turn them out of their Houses, if they did

That Thomas Peekhamyimor, testified, That he had the not vote for the Sitting Membef.

Poors Book in his Hand when the Poll began: But taking That Lawrence Atcock testified, The taking away the Exception to one the Mayor polled, that was not in the Poors Book by; and that the Duke of Norfolk

Book, the Book was taken away, and the Mayor de- was at the Poll.

dared, He would poll whom he pleated, though not in That, for the Sitting Member, was produced the au-that Book. thentick Poll; whereby he had a Majority of Five more

That he likewise testified of Four; viz.Richard Bishop, than the Petitioner.

Thomas Knight, John RoJ'e, and Robert Stoner j That they That Tuyler testified, That a Messenger carac

were not in the Poors Book at all: And of Two others j to the Duke of Norfolk, while he was dressing hituself, as viz. John Carpenter, and lVilliam Gibbs-, That though from the Petitioner, to desire, That the Dragoons might they were in the Poors Book, they paid nothing, having be draw n out, to afiiil the Constables j but does not know a Cypher put to their Names: And of all Six, That they the Messenger.

were set down, as having received Alms; viz. Roje 1 s.; That Robert Nosmith testified, That, being at tire

Bishop, and Stoner, 2 s. a piece; Knight 8 s.; Carpenter Duke's, he heard of such a Message.

lOi. }and Gibbs 12.V. [)d.: And that this appeared by That George Moor testified, That the Dragoons were the Accounts concerning the Poor. peaceable, and did not at all obstruct the Election, but

He likewise testified of Three others; viz. Thomas Hills, were drawn up at the lower end of foe Town: That the Sam. Keen, and John Young -, That they were not in the Petitioner had above Forty Horse come with him, besides Poors Book: And the fume of Samuel Booker-, and, That above a Hundred Foot in Town before; and no Soldiers this last was a Vagrant, and his Children begged. by, when the Precept w as read.

That he testified likewise of Edu ard Masters, That he That Joseph Fugar, the Mayor, testified, He had known

was not in the Book, but warned out, as one likely to be the Town Twenty-three Years, and had been present at all chargeable to the Parish. Elections ever fmee; and that all Inhabitants were admit-

Tliut Bryan Haywood, his Grace the Duke of Norfolk's ted to vote, that were Housekeepers, and did not receive Bailiff, was not in the Book: The same of George Symonds, Alms, though not in the Poors Book; and so it was at and, That he lived in Hampshire: Of John Mitchener, all former Elections; At Mr. Mor/yes -, At that when he That he was not in the Book; nor Tho. Lisle, a Dra- was chose Mayor; without regard to the Poors Book: goon: The same likewise for William Christopher, Henry That John Carpenter, and all the rest, excepted against by' Special7, and Nehemiah Pellett, who lived with his Fa- the Petitioner, were good Voters, except Pellet, who was

ther: Of Richar d Ford, That he is not in foe Book, and no Housekeeper; but Thomas Lisle, Corporal of the Dra-is but a Boarder. goons, was; and Haywood, though he lived in the Castle,

That John Jlester testified, That Samuel Smith was not yet was within the Borough, in the Poors Book; nor William Martin, so as to be That Thomas Humphry testified The Right of Elefition charged, having only a Cypher put to his Name. to be as foe Mayor said; and was so prafitiled at Mr. Gar-

He confirmed also PeckhamsTeftimony, as to 15 of rmvaye's Election, and at the Election of Mayor Three

the Persons he testified to; and, That he demanded a Copy times: Had known the Town Twenty Years: That this of the Poors Book, according to Order -, but could not was the fairest Election he ever law: That foe Dragoons have it. were no Trouble: And that the Petitioner had Three-

That William Ketteridge testified, That this present score Horse in his Company, when he came to Town, be-Mayor was in the'Year before; and that it was unusual fides the Foot.

Jo hold Two Years; and gave the Reason, Because no That Thomas PankhursL testified the fame, as to the Court was held at foe time, when he used to be chosen; Right of Election; and, That he has known the Town viz. on the Tuesday after Michaelmas-Day; but this was Forty-five Years; and so prafitiled at all Elections, both before Mr. Morley, the former Member, died. for Members to serve in Parliament, and Mayors.

That Humphry Duke testified, That the Dragoons That the same was likew ife testified by Robert Russell, that quartered in Arundell, being about Twelve in That knew the Town Tw enty-six Years;

Number, were drawn up on the Day of Elefiiion: that knew it Thirty Years; and John Coote, that knew it And some Persons demanding the Reason of it of the Thirty-five Years.

Officer, it was answered, It was at the Desire of the And so did Robert Collins, who instanced in the Con-Duke of Norffolke. vention-Parliament, That it was so done then: He testi-

That Henry Garrmeay testified. That he believes the fied likewise, That the Alms that Knight received, was Petitioner lott 20 Voices by the Dragoons: And that the only when sick of the Small Pox, and received none bc-Duke's Servants threatened People, if they would not fore or since.

vote for the fitting Member; and, in particular, he him- That Bishop (Joes not receive Alms conftahtly, nor self was threatened, and Mr. Morley, to cut down an an- Rose, nor Gibbs: That Gibbs did once paw n his Bed, but dent Tree, that grew by his House, if he voted for the has not received Charity lately; nor That and

Petitioner: And that, Mr. Morley voting for the Peti- Keene were Housekeepers at the time of the Election: tiouer, the said Tree, after the Elefition, was cut down, And Fugar the Mayor testified the same for Chris* and distributed to the Voters for the Sitting Member: topher.

The Tree grew in the Waste of the Manor, whereof he That foe Counsel for the Sitting Member offered to believes the Duke to lie Lord. produce more Evidence to prove the Right of Elefition

That B illiam Bartholomew the Constable testified, That as before; but it was said, It was enough.

Vox.. XI. That

Awmdtll

fcle&ioo.

IO4

22° Februariu

A; 1^9

That William Gibbs testified for himself, That be never received Alms but once, when the Town was visited with the Small,-Pox; and that he voted at Mr. Election, though not in the Poors Book.

That William Vincent testified, He was an Inhabitant, and lived in an House of 10/. per Annum-, and yet was not in the Poors Book.

That then Exceptions were taken at Six that voted for the Petitioner, as Inmates, and not Housekeepers.

That Moore testified against Nicholas Richmond, That he was no Hoofekeeper, but lived with his Son: And the same of Samuel Vaux, That he lived with his Uncle: Of Nath. Datcmer, That he was but a Boarder: Of Joshua

and John Painter, Father and Son, That they lived in one House, and both voted for the Petitioner: The same for William Slyder, and James Easton: That William Letts is no Inhabitant in Arundell, and yet polled for die Petitioner.

That Cotlins testified. That Adrian Collis rents but Part

155-

of Election of Burgeflbs to serve in Parliament for the Borough ^of Arundell in the County of Sussex is only in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Lord Walden is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Arundell.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time 1

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John

| 106.

of an House, and not in tire Poors Book; and yet voted Cook Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this

for the Petitioner,

That Humphryes testified for all excepted against but Slyder, That they were no Housekeepers.

That Nicholas Rogers testified, That 5/. was offered to be font to him by Captain Cheto pay when he would, if he would vote for the Petitioner: That the Petitioner was in the Room when this was offered, and the Captain the Petitioner's Friend; but Rogers did not accept of it; but voted for the Sitting Member.

That George Randotlteltified, That Miles threat-

ened to lay him in fast-Gate for or 5 s. he owed him, if be voted not for the Petitioner: And that Du (field confessed, He had 2 s.given him to vote for the Petitioner, but said not by whom.

That Tho.Petty cod testified, That a Kinsman of his

offered him 5/. if he would vote for the Petitioner; and proffered his Brother 5 *. to be out of Town at the Election, that he might not vote for the Sitting Member.

That Thomas Fuller testified, That Bartholomew proffered to restore him his two-Guns, taken away half a Year before, if he w ould vote for the Petitioner.

That Gibbs testified, One Mr. Butler, a Manager for the Petitioner, threatened to impress him, if he did not vote for the Petitioner.

That, after this, a Witness was called for the Petitioner, Tho. Wilmer, who testified, That, at Mr. Butlers Election, this very Mayor refilled a Voter, for not being in the Poors Book.

That, and after the Counsel, S;c. were withdrawn, Mr.

Butler, the other Member for this Borough, testified, That lie had known Two Elections of Members of Parliament in this Borough, his own, and another; and that, at both those Elections, none but those in the Poors Book voted; end that was the Rule they went by.

That, upon the whole Mattel', the Committee came to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Arundell in the County of Stxssev, is only in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

156.

122.

present Parliament for the Borough of Arundell;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{!*'

Tellers for the Noes ^Mr* Shadcer 1

i eiiers for me in oes, J(j P: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the said Borough of Arundell, in order to amend the fame.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That Joseph Fugar, Mayor of the said Borough of Arundell, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of several Persons, in behalf of themselves, irth For-and the British Protestants in Ireland, was presented to tenures, the House, and read; setting forth. That, in the Reign of several Kings-of England, many Irish Persons, for their Rebellions, have been outlawed, and their Estates forfeited; which have been pnrehafed from the Crown by most of the English, who planted there, for valuable Considerations: That many of the Heirs of those forfeiting Persons do now intend to bring Writs of Error, to re-versethe laid Outlawries; and several have already rever-fed them; by which means, the will be restored to their former Estates, and Privileges, and the English Interest much weakened; which may be of dangerous Consequence to the Crown of England, unless timely prevented: And praying, That such Methods tnay be taken for the Security of the Protestant Interest of that K ng.-dom, as shall be thought neceflUry.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War, is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Ditto, next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of tile whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the

That thf Lord Walden is not duly elected a Burgess to Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House,

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of to whom it was referred, to consider further of Ways

Arundell. ' and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their

Resolveed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-That John Cook Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Resolu-

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of tions of the said Committee; which they had directed hint

to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and are as follow;

Ways and Means.

m

Arundell.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put; That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right

viz.

1. Resolved,

6W.& M, . 2 2° — 230

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the railing the Supplies to he granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1C94, a Duty be laid upon Leather.

2. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One P my per Pound Weight be laid upon all Tanned Leather.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve- pence per Dozen be laid upon all Kid-Skins dressed in Salt, Alum, or otherwise.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six-pence Dozen be laid upon all Goat Skins dressed into white Leather.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thata Duty of Two Shillings per Dozen be laid upon all Goat Skins dressed after the Way Spanish Leather.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six-pence per Dozen be laid upon all broken Doe and Beaver-Skins dressed into white Alum-Leather.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thata Duty of Twelve-pence per Skin be laid upon all Buck-Skins dressed in Oil, Alum, or otherwise.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eight-pence per Skin be laid upon all Doe-Skins dressed in Oil, Alum, or otherwise.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Peny Halfpeny per Pound be laid upon all Goat Skins and Calve-Skins dressed in Oil, or Alum.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Peny per Pound be laid upon all Sheep-Skins dressed in Oil, Alum, or otherwise.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thnta Duty ot Six-pence per Dozen he laid upon all Lamb-Skins dressed in Oil, and in white Leather lit for Gloves.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two-pence per Pound be laid upon all Elk-Hides, commonly called Buffalo-Hides, imported raw, and dressed in Oil, Alum, or otherwise, over and above the Duties now payable l'or the lame.

13. llefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two-pence pe Pound be laid upon all Elk-Hides, commonly called Drumble-Hides, imported raw, and dressed in Oil, Alum, or otherwise, over and above the Duties now payable for the fame.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Four-pence per Skin be laid upon all Calve-Skins made into Velloin.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Three-peuce per Pound be laid upon Calve, Sheep, and other Skins made into Parchment.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

- That a Duty of Sixpence per Skin be laid upon all Hog-

Skins dreffecl in Oil, Alum, or otherwise.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Peny per Pound Weight be laid

upon all foreign Tanned Leather imported, over and above the Duties payable for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Twelve-pence per Dozen he laid upon all foreign Kid-Skins imported, dressed in Salt, Alum, or otherwise, over and above the Duties now payable for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six-pence per Dozen be laid upon all Goat Skins imported, dressed into white Leather, over and above the Duties now payable for the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Shilling per Skin be laid upon all Goat Skins imported, dressed after the Way of Spanish J-eaiher, over and above the Duties now payable for the faint.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Eight-pence per Dozen be laid upon all Vol. XI.

Februarii. 105

broken Doe and Beaver-Skins imported, dressed into white w-r. s and Alum-Leather, over and above the Duties now payable dleaui. for the lame.

Ref dred, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Twelve-pence per Skin be laid upon all Buck-Skins imported, dressed in Oil, Alum, or otherwise, over and above the Duties now payable for the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Twelve-pence Skin be laid upon all Doe-Skins imported, dressed in Oil, Alum, or otherwise, over and above the Duties now payable for the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Peny JJallpeny per Pound be laid upon all Goat Skins and Calve-Skins imported, dressed in Oil, of Alum, Over and above the Duties now payable for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of One Peny per Pound be laid upon all Sheep-Skins imported, dressed in Oil, or A urn, over and above the Duties now' payable for the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six-pence per Dozen he laid upon all Lamb-Skins imported, dressed in Oil, or Alum, over and above the Duties now payable for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Thata Duty of Two-pence per Pound be laid upon all Elk-Hides, commonly called Buffalo-Hides, imported, dressed Up to Buff, over and above the Duties now payable for the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Two-pence ]>cr Pound he laid upon all Ox and Cow-Hides, commonly called Drumble-Hides, imported, dressed up to Buff) over and above the Duties now payable for the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Four-pence per Skin be laid upon all Veliom imported, over and above the Duties now payable for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Three-pence per Pound he laid upon all Parchment imported, over and above the Duties now payable for the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six-pence per Skin be laid upon all Hog-Skins imported, dressed in Oil, Alum, or otherwise, over and above the Duties now payable for the lame.

Reflved, That it /s the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Three-pence per Skin be laid upon all Seal-Skins imported, over and above the Duties now payable lor the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tin's Committee,

That the said Duties upon Tanned and other Leather be collected at the Tan-Yards, or other Places, where the same is dressed; to be paid by the Tanner, or other Manufacturer thereof.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Resolution be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this Ilonfe will, upon Tuesday Morning East India

next, relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1 rade*

to consider further of the East India Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 23* die Februarii;

6° Guliehni el Man®.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act EarlofThan-to enable Thomas Earl of Thanand the Ho- net's Estate. £ e nourable

nourable Sackvile Tufton his Brother, to make a Lease of Sixty Years of Thannet-house, in the Parish of St. Botolph's, Aldersgate, to commence after the Remainder of a Term of One-and-thirty Years, now in being, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

5th TEliz. ref- Sir Ralph Dutton reported from the Committee, to pec ting Cloth whom the Bill for Repeal of the 32d Article in the Act tavers. of Eliz.containing divers Orders for Artificers and

others, which relates to Weavers of Cloth, was committed; and to whom Power was given to bring in a Clause to prevent the Exportation of all Earth and Clay whatsoever; and to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Edmund Warner Gentleman was referred; That they had considered the Matters to them referred; and that they did not think fit to bring in any Clause, touching Earth and Clay; but had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the Iloufe; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gt oiled.

until the Report be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Importation of Saltpetre is committed.

A Petition of several Merchants, and Masters of Ships Importing and Privateers, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners do find it necessary, in this time of War, to make a larger Provision of Gunpowder for Defence of their Ships than ordinary; for which they are forced to pay an excessive Price: And praying, That some Expedient may be found out for reducing Gunpowder to more reasonable Rates.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Importation of Saltpetre is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to African whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Royal Company. African Company was referred, be made upon Morning next, after the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir FrancisMolyn have Leave to go Leave of

into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Recovering Sir John Key reported from the Committee, to whom smallTythes. die jju for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion Ieverally put thereupon, with some Amendments, made by the House, agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Proviso, That the Bill should not extend to Peers:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon agreed unto by the Iloufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groll'ed.

Woollen Ma- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to nufaciures. whom the Bill for continuing the Act, made in the Eirft Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, is committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Hailing Mi- A Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the btia. Year 1694.; although the Month's Pay formerly advanced

be not repaid; w'us read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importing A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-Saltpetre. chants trading to the Levant Seas was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in this House for the Importation of Saltpetre,

contrary to the Act of Navigation: That the East India Company, by their Charter, are obliged to supply their Majesties yearly with 500 Tons of Saltpetre, at 38/.

1 os. per Ton in time of Peace, and 4,5/. per Ton in time of War: And the said Company have long since ordered the buying up of Two thousand Tons in; above too Tons whereof is now arrived; and very speedily expect other considerable Quantities, which will super-abundantly supply the Nation's Occasion; lb that there is no necessity of suspending the said Act: And praying, That the Bill for Importation of Saltpetre may not pal's; for that the Petitioners, in case of the Non-arrival of the said Saltpetre, will be obliged to supply their Majesties Occasions, at reasonable Rates.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Ordered, That Mr. Mordant have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Butler have (Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Orlando Gee have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Colonel Bcrlclyhave Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Roberts have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Guibonhave Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Mortage from the Lords, by Sir IMiles Cook and Sir O. Turner'* Lacon William Child: Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of George Esquire, de-

ceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And then the Mclfengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant B/incoe have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Weld have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of Sir Edmund King was presented to the London House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, at the Orphans Desire of some Citizens, and the then Chamberlain, lent Fund' the Sum of 1,000 I. to relieve the Orphans of the City of London, and to support the Honour of the said City;

That there is now before this House, a Bill lor the Relief of the said Orphans, and others, who lent them Money: And praying an equal Benefit with other Petitioners under the same Circumstances with the said Orphans.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered,

M.

230 — 24* Februarii.

107

Memhe/f

luuMicd.

(Ta>s and Waul.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Mace, into Westminster-frail, the Chancery Bar, and Court of Req uefts, and femraon the Members to attend the Service of the House immediately.

-And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resumed the Consideration of the First Resolution of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider for tlrer of Ways and Means lor raising tire Supplies to be granted to their Majestics, for Maintenance of tire Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree frith the Committee in tire laid Resolutkm;

The House divided.

Tire Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f Lord i euers for the 1 eas, jMr: I

149.

118.

foiaiittees,

Tellers forte Noes {ijtofufd:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Resolutions of the said Committee being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Solicitor-General and Mr. Onslow, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

laid upon the Table until the said Bill was read the Second time, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divers Merchants in and about the City Lnndi n of London was presented to the House, and read; letting Orphans-forth, That there being a Bill for Relief of the Orphans uu ' of the said City now in this I Joule, whereby a new Duty of 4s. person is laid upon all Wines imported; although

Wines already pay a greater Duty to their.....than

any other Commodity; That this intended Duty upon W ines will be a particular Tax upon the W ine-Merchants only, who cannot possibly fell their Wines the dearer for it: And praying, That an equal Duty may be laid upon other Merchandize, as well as Wines, the Petitioners being willing to pay in proportion with other Merchants.

Resolvetdy That the said Petition be rejected.

Sir John Guise, according to Order, presented to the Poor Relief. House a Bill for the better Belief of the Poor, and letting them on Work: And the same was received.

ArootfH

rifttro

Winded.

I- Truf/s

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 24° die Februarii;

6* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order; and amended the Return for the Borough of Arundell, by rafing out the Name of Henry Lord

Walden, and inserting the Name of John Cco/c Esquire, instead thereof.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Alice Turner Widow, and her Children, to make Sale of certain Houses and Ground in or near Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, in the County of

during the Minority of the younger Children, was read the First time.

That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Henry Goodrich, according to the Order of the Day, Importing reported from the Committee of the whole House, to ^"hpetre. whom the Bill for the Importation of Saltpetre was committed, That they had considered the fame, and the several Petitions to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which lie read in his Place, with the Coherence ;and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severaliy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the House took into consideration the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies; and also the Petition of divers Merchants, and Owners of Ships and Privateers; which had been presented to the House, and read, and laid upon the Table till the Report of the said Bill was made.

Allb a Petition of William DockwJames Bateman, Ditto, and others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there being a Bill now depending in this House for the Importation of Saltpetre from Holland, contrary to the present Laws; That the Petitioners, and divers other eminent Citizens of London, being well allured, that a sufficient Quantity of Saltpetre, of equal Goodness with that brought from the East may be

made here to fopply the Occasions of the Nation, they have already expended several Thousand Pounds in making Buildings, and other Necessaries, for the making thereof; and they have already made considerable Quantities: And praying, That the said Bill may riot pals, until the Petitioners be heard what they have to oiler touch-

br.ioj Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to a.upper, ujiom the Bill for the Importation of Iron, Copper, and Bell-Metal, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

ing the lame.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected. Ordered, That the Bill, with 'the Amendments, ingrossed.

be

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Trcgmij the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for "rit* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Trcgonyin the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir John Tremaine Knight, dccealed.

loci*

IldDj

A Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/ohed, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, relblve kself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Petitions wrlwqh have been prefeuted to the House, and read, and Vol. XI.

ing

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Pi-olefiant*

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^at-House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of such Protestants as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery.

The Lord Coningsby, according to the Order of the Punifiiing

Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, and

to whom the Bill for Continuance of the Act for punish- ^e,er, ion* ing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Mutters;

and

and for the Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; . afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Pressing The Lord Coningsby also reported from the said Commit-

Men lor tee, That they had examined and considered the Matter LaudService. of (jie Complaint, made to the House the Twelfth Instant;

the Examination and Consideration whereof was referred to them; touching Persons having been pressed for Land-Service, and carried to a House near Turn-Stile in Hol-borne:

And that Mr. Ralph testified, That several

Complaints had been made to him, as a Justice of Peace, of Persons being trapanned in to be lifted as Soldiers, and carried to the House of one Davis, a Deputy Provost-Marshal, and of one To in Hotborn; and that he had releaied and discharged Forty, first and luit: And particularly, 'l'liat on the 20th of January lait, upon an Information, That a Person was forced against his Will, and carried to Toolye's, Tooly brought him to the Petty Sessions; and there said, lie was brought in by a wrong Name; that he had nothing to say to him: And so that Person was discharged.

That another Person complained, That his Kinsman, having been ill, and walking out to take the Air, was invited by one to drink in the Publick-House; and, after some time, was charged by that Person to have received the King's Press-money: but that he said, That could not be; for that he had but a Groat in Farthings in his Pocket: Upon which the other bid him look into his Coat-Pocket, and he would find the King's Money: Upon which putting his Hand in his Coat-Pocket, he found One ^hilling; and that thereupon he was forced into Toolye's House: And that, upon Examination of that Matter, the Person was discharged.

Mr. Lauder testified, That, upon the Fourth Instant, he, being an Apothecary, was lent for to come to s

House, to fee one Magnewho was there lick of a Fe-vtr; and said, he could not get Liberty to go out for his Health: But, that upon the said Mr. Lander's acquainting Tooly, That there was a Necessity for his being at

some other Place for his Health; and upon his giving Money; he did obtain Liberty to go to a House in Corent-Garden, where he died the 13th Instant.

And that the said Magnes informed him, That he was w heedled in, to drink with some Company; and then was taxed to have received Press-money, and carried by Force, by a Serjeant, to Toolye's, House.

That Mr. Lander said, he observed there were about a Hundred in Tooltje's House; and that one had cut his own Throat.

Simon Roberts testified, That one Henry Goodall wanting a Place, lie told him, That an Officer treated with him, to hire him; and agreed to give him Wages; and bid him carry his Cloak after him to the Tower, and then gave him a Shilling, and put him in a Place there, where were several others: And that there came a Colonel, and viewed them, and those that were fit were lent away; but that Goodall was brought to Tooly s House, where he was kept till he paid Twenty-five Shillings: And that others were carried thither, upon pretence of being hired as Servants.

And that thereupon the Committee came to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

llefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the taking Men without their Consent, and keeping

them till discharged for Money, is illegal, oppressive, and against the Liberty of the Subject.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

llefolved. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the taking Men witta out their Consent, and keeping them till discharged for Money, is illegal, oppressive, and against the Liberty of the Subject.

Ordered, That Robert Davis, Deputy Provost-Marshal, and Tooley, mentioned in the said Report, do attend

this House on Tuesday Morning next, at Nine a Clock.

A Complaint being made to the House, That James Privilege. Hurley, a menial Servant to Paul Foley Esquire, a Member of this House, was lately seized in /Westminster-hall, by one Richard Armstrong, and others, Press Masters, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Richard Armstrong do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, at Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That John Smith, who knows the said Richard Armstrong, that seized the said James Hurley, do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, at Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lance, 26° die Februarii;

6* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act G. Turner'* for Payment of the Debts of George Turner Ef- Ei'tate. quire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom Frere's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Stile of Part of the Estate of Henry Frere an Infant, to raile Money for Inning and Recovering other Parts thereof now under Water; and for Payment of Debts charged thereon; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without' any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act A. Turner* to enable the Trustees of Alice Turner Widow, and her Children, to make Sale of certain Houses and Ground in or near Lincolns-Inn-Fields, in the County of

during the Minority of the younger Children, was read the Second time.

Re/idved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Harries, Mr. Luttcrell, Mr. Haw try, Mr. Cook, Mr.

Goldwell, Mr. How, Mr. Brewer, Major Vincent, Mr. Slater, Mr. Lassells, Mr. Burelet, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Dry-

den, Mr. Clark, Mr. Smith, Colonel Holt, Mr. Hunger-ford, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Mr.

IValler, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Robert Mr. Mr.

Sanford, Sir John Key, Mr. Christie, Sir Robert,

Mr. Pigot, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Lloyd; and all the Members that serve for the County of Middle (ex, and City of I Vest-minster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Sanford reported from the Committee, to whom Ilawker* and the Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars was committed, Pedlars. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where Hie same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the same were agreed unto by the House.

A Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, That any Person having a settled Habitation, and paying Scot

and

6W;&M.

i6° — 27*

and Lot, may fell Goods within Ten Miles of their Houses:

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgroiibd;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Colonel Zee, tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes,/. fr" A

'(Mr. B

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time, after Twelve a Clock.

}i 36.

} 69-

bavf of

Ablcuce.

Pffventirg fcjWt oi kc.

Ordered, That Sir William Rich have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Norries have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Stevens have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Colonel Titus have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of hie Health.

Ordered, That Colonel Walpole have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of divers Packers, in and about the City of London, was presented to the lloul'e, and read; letting forth, That by a Bill now depending in this House for the better preventing the Exportation of Woo), Fulling and Scouring Earth, by altering the Penalty; and for the better regulating the FaClors in; all broad

Woollen Cloth, entered at Blackwell-hall, flia.il be there fold upon the ufoal Market-Days; which, if it shottld pals into a Law, would not only prove dcftruQive to the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture, but also will take aaay great Part of the Petitioner's Trade and Livelihood: And praying, That they may be heard, as to fueii Part of the Bill as concerns the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is eom-uiitted.

109

who renounced to the Petitioners, on their engaging to allow her a competent Maintenance for her Life, and to take care of several of her Grandchildren: That, in case the Petitioners should not be provided for in the Act for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, in all Pro* bability they mull lose their said Debt: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Members of this House who serve London Offer the City of London do, before Saturday next, present pban* ^unJ< to this House a List of the Debts due and owing to the several Orphans of the said City; and also a List of the several and respective Debts due, upon Bond, from the said City.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the better Dise Bankrupts covery of Bankrupts Estates, and for the more equal Estate3, Distribution thereof, be read the Third time Tomorrow, after Twelve a Clock.

Resolved, That this House do Immediately re/blve Ways and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con/kler We>"ls> further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year

1694.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir 77/0. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to teverul Keiblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made To-morro\y

Aiorning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro\y

Committee!#

Aiorning, Nine a Clock.

*'>n Or.

as hud.

tto.

A Petition of John Ilarvey, and several others, on behalf of themlblves, and other Bond Creditors of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioners are Creditors, by Bond, to the City of London, for divers Sums of Money actually lent ond paid for the Relief of the Orphans eft the ibid City, and for the Support of the Government thereof; which said Sums, and Interest, are still unpaid; whereby the Petitioners are greatly impoverished: That there being a Bill now depending in this House for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, the Petitioners pray, That they may be included in the said Bill, to have equal Satisfaction with the said Orphans.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Elisha Patching and Patience Son and Daughter of Judith Patching Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Ursula Drake, the Petitioners Mother's Sifter, in June 1688, lent boo/, to the Chamber of London; the Credit whereof failing, the said Ursula laid it so much to Heart, the Coo /. being all her lJependance, that the shortly after died; and the Bight of Admkiistration came to the Petitioners Mother,

Vo L.XI.

Martin, 27* die Februarii;

6* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Pra rs.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eurl of to enable Thomas Earl of Thannet, and the Honour- Thannert able Sackvite Tufton his Brother, to make a Lease of Sixty

Years of Thannet-House, in the Parish of St.

Aldersgate, to commence after the Remainder of a Term of 31 Years, now in being, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boyle,

Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Christy, Mr. Mr.

er/y, Sir Tho. Pope Blunt, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Belles, Mr. Wader, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Slater, Mr.

Hungerford, Mr. Hutchinson, Lord Digby, Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Fenwick, Sir William Cooper, Sir

Robert Edon, Sir Gilbert Clark, Mr. England, Mr. Cooke,

Sir Cha. Baring ton, Mr. Bidduljdi, Sir Wm.

Mr. Dryden, Mr. Bu/k/ey, Colonel Lee, Mr. Burddt,

Mr. Lutterell;and all the Members that serve for

London, Middle, few, and Westminster: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, in- Barrington'# tituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Barrington to settle Eiiate. a Jointure on Dame Bridget his Wife; and to make Provision for their younger Children; he read the Third time

Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Perry reported from the Committee, to whom Steven/ the Bill for Sale of the Estate of William deceased, Ltlaie.

for Payment of the Mortgages thereupon, and applying

F f the

Holt's Eft ate.

Merchants Insurers Creditors.

East India

Exports.

Capiatur

Fine.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Leave of Absence.

I io a7° Februarii. A. 1693.

the Overplus for the Benefit of his Sons* was committed, That they had made lb me Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for divesting several Securities out of Andreev Founteine Esquire, and others; and vesting the fame

in Trustees, for railing and paying the Money upon the said Securities; and assigning the Residue of the Estate, incumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt Baronet; was committed; be made upon Saturday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill to enable divers Merchants Insurers, who have sustained many Ixifles by the present War with France, the better to satisfy their several Creditors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to enable divers Merchants Insurers, who have sustained many Losses by the present War with France, the better to satisfy their several Creditors.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Godolphin, according to Order, presented to the House, from the Commissioners of the Customs, an Account of the Goods and Bullion exported to the Indies for Ten Years, from the Year 1675, to the Year

1685.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table until the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Trade.

An ingrossed Bill to take away the Process of the Capiatur Fine in the several Courts was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to take away the Process for the Capiatur Fine in the several Courts at Westminster

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert their Majestics Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso, was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, That the Proof of any Person's being falsely muttered may be made by Two Witnesses, before any Justice of Peace.

And the same was read Three times; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the BUI.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Press L. after " Peace," to insert " not being an " Officer in the Army

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Ordered, That Colonel Earle do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Etterich have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recoveiry of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir John have Leave to go

into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir John Hoskyns:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Brent Gentleman, deceased, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and Maintenance of his Children, who are Infants: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Robert Davyes and Michael Tooley attended, according to Order;

They were called in; and, at the Bar examined, touching the Matter of pressing Men for Land-Service, and carrying them to their Houses.

And, being withdrawn;

Ordered, That the said Michael Tooley be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for spiriting, and keeping Men in his Custody till they pay Money.

Ordered, That Colonel Perry and Mr. Hungerford, Members of this House, and Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, do go to the Houses of Robert Da-

vyes, Deputy Provost-Marshal, and Michael Tooley, and examine the Persons in Custody there; and report their Examinations to this House.

The House being informed, That Smith attended, according to Order, and that James Nwbury, Servant to Mr. Foley, also attended;

They were called in; and at the Bar, examined, touching the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed against the said Mr. Foley, for seizing his said Servant James Nurbury in W by Richard Armstrong and others, Prels-inafters,

And the House being informed, That the said Richard Armstrong also attended, according to Order;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, examined, touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

And then they withdrew.

And it appearing, That* Buckland, Saundcrfon, Two Midshipmen of the Ship Sandwich, with Edward Devon, Richard Shelito, John Mantle, Thomas Jones, John cock, and Samuel Jennings, of the Ship's Crew, were all present and assisting, when the said Nurbury was seized in Westminster-hall;

Ordered, That the said Richard Armstrong be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That the said Buckland, Sanderson, Edward Devon, Richard Shelito, John Mantle, Tho. Jones, John Woodcock, and Samuel , be sent for in

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Ordered, That* Barraiv, Lieutenant of the Ship Sandwich, be summoned to attend this House forthwith.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight: And that such Members, as shall not then attend the Service of the House, not having Leave to be absent, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Discovery, and more equal Distribution, of Bankrupts Estates, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

14 Mr.

Leave of Absence,

Brent's

Estate.

Pressing Men

for Land-Service.

Privilege.

Call of the House.

Bankrupts

Estates.

Irish Forfeitures.

6W.STM.

270 — ^8° Februarii.

111

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Articles of Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his L-wrick and Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Ulowjr. Majesties most Honourable Privy-Council, That his Majesty will pleal'e to command, that the Articles of Limerick and Galloway be laid before this House.

Ways

inti Means*

Te^of

Auditor* oi WdSes.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Table of Fees of the Auditors of Wales; be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Execution of Justice in Wales is committed.

Commiuetv Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Februarii;

6° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

G. Turner'* A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jl\. for Payment of the Debts of George Turner Esquire, deceased, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brockman, Sir William Scawen, Mr. Christy, Sir Carey, Sir

Gilbert Clark, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Burdet, Mr. England, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. ChetuMr. JValler, Mr. How,

Mr. Pigot, Mr. Westerne, Colonel Gold-well, Mr. Henly, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. I invent, Mr. Cook, Mr. Slater, Sir Fra. Drake, Colonel Deane, Sir William Cooper, Mr.

Sherrard, Mr. Windham, Mr. Tracers, Mr. Andrews,

Mr. Brownloxc, Mr. Scobell; and all that serve for the Counties of Surrey and KentAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Erf.riton's

Lie.

hit of Lull,

w.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Barrington to settle a Jointure on Dame Bridget his Wife; and to make Provision for their younger Children; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolls do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendments.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, upon the ingrossed Bill for the Ease of Jurors who serve at the Assizes for England and Wales, be resumed upon Friday Morning next

A Bill for settling the Method of taking special Bails in the Court of King's-Bench; and for Filing, Entering, and Docquetting, of all such Bails in the several Courts of Law at IVcst minster; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JValler, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Christy, Mr. IVhiie, Mr- Lulterell, Mr. Frewen, Mr. ' Vol. XL

Slater, Sir William Scawen, Mr. Mr. Burdet, Mr.

Carter, Sir William Honyumd, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Edward Chifnall, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Air. San-

ford, Mr. How, Sir Jerv.Elwes, Mr. Browne, Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Newport, Sir William Cooper, Mr. JBiddulph, Mr. Trovers', and all the Members of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the Amendment of the Laws in taxing Vexations Cost; and preventing Suits for involuntary Trespasses; Sui,»-was read the Second time.

Re/oked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JValler,

Sir Jerv. Elwes, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr.

Burdet, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Brmcne, Mr. Slater, Mr.

Biddulph, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Hobby, Mr Mr.

Carter, Mr. White, Mr. Lutterel, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Bio-

field, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Smith, Sir John Moreton, Mr.

Bromley, Sir John Key, Mr. Colmer, Mr.

Mr. Golcheell, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Clark,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Lloyd; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Colonel Strangwayes have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Wreeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Clark have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write his Letters to the Sheriffs of the respective Counties of England and Wales, to summon the Members of this House, now in the Country, to attend their Service in Parliament, on Wednesday the Fourteenth Day of March next, notwithstanding any Leave for Absence.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House do attend their Service in Parliament the Fourteenth Day of March next, notwithstanding any Leave for Absence:

And that such as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Letter written by Mr. Speaker was as followethJ

viz.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to acquaint you with it, that you may give immediate Summons to all the Members of this House, Knights,

Citizens, and Burgesses, within your County, to attend their Service in Parliament on JVe the Fourteenth Day of March next, notwithstanding any Leave for Absence; the House of Commons intending to proceed further, with all Severity, against all such of their Members as shall then neglect their Attendance: And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and of what you have done hereupon, unto

Your loving Friend.

From the House of Commons, the 28th of February 1693.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Wayg and Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, Mean* to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Resolutions of the said Committee: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, a Sum not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, over and above the Four

Shillings

11 2 8° Februarii. —

Shillings per Pound already granted, be not laid upon Land to be collected in the Year 169,5.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of tho Year 1694, there be not any further Sum, than the Four Shillings in the Pound already granted, laid upon Land.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, a Duty be laid upon Soap.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Peny per Pound Weight be laid upon all Soap.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of One Peny per Pound Weight be laid upon all Soap imported, over and above the Duties now payable for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty upon English Soap be collected at the Soap-boilers and Soapmakers.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, a Sum not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds, over and above the Four Shillings per Pound already granted, be not laid upon Land to be collected in the Year 1695;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {s i!'H} ,3°-

Tellers for the Noes, {$£ } > >3-

So it was resolved in tl»e Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, there be not any further Sum, than the Four Shillings in the Pound already granted, laid upon Land;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } ,29'

Tellers for the Noes, ^In: } SfL

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding

English

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Duty of One Peny per Pound Weight be laid upon all English Soap.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time; the linne was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Sixth Resolution being read a Second time;

And Amendment was proposed to be made,t by adding " making the same for Sale

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lb amended, That the Duty upon English Soap be collected at the Soapboilers and Soap-makers, making the same for Sale

i° Mar hi. 1693.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 1° die Martii;

6* Gulielmi et Mari*.

Praters.

Mil. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Axe in the County of Somerset, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and winch he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for Repeal of the Two-and-thirtieth Article in the Statute of the 5th Year of Queen containing divers Orders for Artificers and others, which

o

relates to the Weavers of Cloth, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the T itle be, An Act for the Repeal of the 32th Article in the Statute of the 5th Year of Queen Elizabeth containing divers Orders for Artificers and others, which relates to the Weavers of Cloth.

Ordered, That Sir John Cuife do carry the Bill to the Lords: and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of James Ha fell was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioner is Tenant, by Lease. to a Tenement now vested in Trustees of Alice Turner Widow, and her Children, who are endeavouring to procure an Act for Sale of the same Estate, during the Minority of the younger Children: That the Petitioner understands the said Alice Turner deligns to wrong the Petitioner's Right in the Premises; as the hath declared: And praying, That he may be heard touching his Right in the Prciniies.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Alice Turner Widow, and her Children, to make Sale of certain Houses and Ground in and near Lincoln's-Inn-'Fields, in the County of

during the Minority of the younger Children, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Recovery of Bankrupts Estates, and for the more equal Distribution thereof, was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to weaken any Securities by Mortgage, Extent, or otheru ife, where the same hath been extended; or any Dividend made of any Part of such Bankrupt's Eftute:

And the same was twice read;

And the Question being put, That the same he read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative,

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That the Bankrupt, before any Competition be agreed to, shall lay before his Creditors his Books of Accounts, and a true Inventory of his whole loll ate, upon Oath: And that, if it shall appear the Bankrupt has concealed any Part of his Eftute, such Competition to be void;

And

Committees*

Axe Bridge*

5th Eliz. respe&ng

Cloth

Weavers.

A. Turner's Kit <ue.

Bankrupt!

tf.\Martii.

And the feme was twice read; and amended, by the House: ' . v. .

And then the feme was read the Third time; and agreed

by the House to be made Part of the BilL ....

Refotoed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the better liecovery of Bankrupts JEJtates, and for the more equal Distribution thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mow A Complaint being made to the House of a printed l'np, if olio# Libel, that hath been difperted as a Speech f)*oke in, jdiia wte bunit jjoufe. whereof one was produced, and delivered ih at by a^man. the Table, and read; intituled, " The following Speech " being spoke off-hand, upon the Debates in the House " of Commons, $\'c.. , -

Resolved, That the said printed Libel, intituled, " The " following Speech being spoke offnhand, upon the Debates " in the House of Commons, <&t\" pretended to be spoken in this House, containing many false, scandalous, and; seditious, Expressions and Refteftfons, be burnt by the Hand of the common Hangman upon Saturday Morning next,-in the Palace-Yard, Westminster: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do fee the same performed.; 4

Ordered, That the Sheriffs of London and do assist the Serjeant at Arms attending this House to lee the said printed Libel burnt.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Author, Printer, and Publiftfer, of the said Libel; and to make their Report thereof to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Clark, Sir Charles Bloys, Sir Halt. Young, Mr Arnold, Sir Sa. Sir John

Guise, Lord Cults, Mr. Wharton, Sir John Barker, Lord Falkland, Mr. Foley, Mr. Chadwick, Air.

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Boyle, Sir IVm. Strickland: And they are to have Power to fend for Persons and Papers: And are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chaml>er.

(VmluYi A Mefftige from the Lqfds, by Sir John and

*' Eiiate. Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for incrcaling the present Maintenance of the Honourable Henry Cavendish; and for providing a Jointure for fuel) Woman as he shall marry during the Life of his Father, the Earl of Devonshire: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

WltnMe- ^r- Travers reported from the Committee, to whom iswiiirfs. the Bill for reviving the Act, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed, That they had examined several Witnesses, and considered the several Petitions referred to the said Committee; and had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout: And, the First Amendment being read a Second time; Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

Pwefiaotj Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn--so ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Naturalization of such Protestants as shall take the Oaths to their Majesties, and the left against Popery.

CmnittKi. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

:-p

Veneris, 2" die Martii;

6° Gulielmi el Marine.

' PRAYERS. ‘ it

MR. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom African the Examination and Consideration of tlfe Petition Company, of the Royal African Company of England was referred.

That they had examined and considered tire fame; and also the several other Petitions referred to the said Committee: And that they had directed him to report the Matter specially to the House; as also the several Resolutions of the said Committee: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

George Boone El'quire, Sub-Governor of the African Company, on behalf of the said Company, attended the Committee; and informed them, That the Company did not desire to have all that draft of Land within their Charter, but were willing to leave out the greatest Part of that to any others to trade in; and should be very well satisfied, if they might be enabled, by Act of Parliament, to trade from Cape Lopez to Cape Blanco, exci alive to all others; that is, from 21 Degrees of Northern Latitude, to 2 of South Latitude; whereby all Angola, and many other Countries, are left out, where Negroes may plentifully be had for the Service of the Plantations.

He did also assert, That the Trade of Africa, which is of lo great Concern to England by Vending of our Woollen Manufactures, cannot be carried on without Forts and Castles; and that the Forts and Castles cannot be maintained but by a Company, in a joint Stock, exclusive to all others.

And to prove this, several Witnesses were produced on behalf of the Company.

Henry Greenhitl Esquire, one of the Commissioners of

their Majesties Navy: Who told the Committee, lie had known the Trade to Africa many Years; has no Stock in the Company; lived on the Place, as Agent-General for the Company, from 1680, to 1G84.

And did further say, That, from the Experience he had, he was of Opinion, The Trade cannot be maintained without Forts and Caldes; because without them there can be no Security from the Rapine or Plunder of the Natives; and the French, Dutch, Danes, Brandcnburghers, and formerly the Portuguese, carry on their Trade with Forts and Castles; and without them, our Trade would be carried away by Europeans, as well as exposed to the Treachery of the Natives.

That the Charge, w hen he was there, of maintaining the Forts there only on the Gold-Coast, was about 10,000l. per Ann. or 300 Marks in Gold: That Cape Coast Cattle had 48, or 50, Guns mounted; 140, or 150, Men in Garison, besides about 300 Ardee Slaves.

That Cape Coast will defend Ships that lie under the Castle, as they did in the Dutch War; but the Natives may come and trade with Ships out of the Reach of the G uns of the Forts: And that if it were not for the Forts in Guinea we should have no Trade; for there would be no Security w ithout them to any Factories.

That the Dutch did stir up the Natives against the English in his time, and the Blacks did confess it. That the Dutch made the Portuguese pay 25 /. per Cent, for Liberty to trade, because they had no Forts. That the Dutch will seize the Natives, and interrupt them from trading with other Nations: They also took a Toll of all T'ifli taken near their Forts.

He faith, There may be a Trade to the Bite for Negroes without Forts; and that there is none at only a Factory: That, though Pei ions may Trade out of the Reach of the Guns of the Forts, the Fort encourages the Natives to come dow n with their Merchandize.

Mr. Henry A mfesaid, he lived Three Years on the Coast, as Agent-Genera!, from 1684, to 1688. He informed the Committee, That Forts and Castles were necessary to carry on the Trade.

G g That

114 2* Martii. A. 1693.

African That the Natives buret and plundered Cape Coast to a

Company. great Value, about 1669, in time of a free Trade.

That the other Nations of , that trade there, have

Forts; and the Portuguejk, having lost their Forts, are often seized by the Dutc and forced to pay 25 Cent, for Liberty to trade.

He owned. He had a Stock in the Company.

Captain Nick. Peperhill lived there Three Years at a time, besides trading Voyages: He testifies to the same Purpose as Mr. Hen. Nurseand adds. That the' Dutch about Four Years since raised a Disturbance against the English there.

Mr. Alexander Cleve said. He lived at the River , at James-Island:That the French about 1686, took a

Ship in Peace, sent her to and condemned

her, under colour that our Trade there was under the Pretence of the Dutch', and that we had not a Right to trade there.

Mr. Boon, to prove further the Forts necessary, produced a Grant from the Danes of a Castle, for which the Company paid 4,121 /.

Then they proceeded to prove. That a joint Stock is necessary to carry on the said Trade, and to maintain the Forts.

Mr. Warwick Yard, Accomptant to the Company, has computed the Charge of Seven Forts in their Possession, which amounts to 18,814/. per Annum, besides the Factories; which is paid most in England, and, when paid on the Coast, in Gold.

He did also prove the Losses of the Company to be 79,830/. since the War with France', and that they had taken Two Forts, viz. and Goree, from the

French.

The Committee thought fit to summon the Merchants that are not of the Company, but trade to Africa; and also those concerned in our West-India Plantations.

Edward Littleton Esquire, Mr. Gardner, and Mr. Hethcot, appeared, and produced Witnesses.

Mr. Gardner said, That there is no such Thing as the African Company; but that the same is difiolved for not paying the Tax, according to the late Act of Parliament.

The Company offered to answer that: But the Committee being of Opinion, That they were to consider of the Trade; and the other was nut a Matter before them; they proceed to their Proofs, and produced,

Captain Humphry South, That there was a great Trade to Guinea, Thirty-two Years ago, when he was there; but is satisfied the same is much increased, since there has been a Company.

That the Trade was then carried on by Five or Six finall Vessels, inconsiderable to what are now sent out.

That Men of War are proper to maintain and secure the Trade at Sea; but that Forts and Castles are as necessary on Land; without which, the Natives would annoy the Traders, and soon destroy all Commerce, and 1 the Markets kept where the Forts are: That, when he

was there, and used to go for Bartering of Goods at any Place w here there was no Factory, the Negroes used to come off to the Ships in their Canoes, with their Commodities to trade.

That he has heard the Dutch say, That if the English had continued to carry on an open Trade, they had broke their Guinea Company.

That if there were an open Trade, he believes it might be to the general Advantage of England: But knows not, whether it might be as advantageous to the particular Traders thither; because a great Exportation of our Commodities thither would lessen the Value of them there, and raise the Price of the African Goods.

That he has often returned with Part of his Cargo, when he traded thither; and that the not having of Foils and Castles would much lessen the Trade.

That any Person may trade within a Mile of Cape Coast Castle; and the Negroes will come off from thence by Stealth.

That the Negroes were then sold to the Plantations, for 2,000 Pound of Sugar per Head; which was worth about

25 s.per Cent, here: That he then used to buy the Negroes at 31, per Head, First Cost: That, if the Trade was open, there would be no Place unattempted upon the Coast, for a Discovery of a Market; and, the Coast being of a large Extent, it might admit of an Increase in Trade.

Mr. Dockwra, That he was a Searcher in the Custom-house, from 1664, to 1674; where he made his Observation. That when the Trade was open, there was a greater Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures.

That, in the Four Years, when the Trade was open, before the restraining it to a Company, there were 103 Ships went out, that paid Licences to the old Company, besides 33, that stole out of England without Licences; and that, in die Four Years succeeding them, when the Trade was so reftained, the Company did not fend oiit 45 Ships: But that the Company, in' those Four Years, made use of 16,000 Ton of Shipping, and the Merchants not above 9,000 in the Four Years before: But the Merchants Cargoes exceeded the Company's.

That he himself, in 1676, traded to those Parts, and knows there were treble the Quantities of the Manufactures of England exported then, to what was since.

Mr. Richard Holder, That he hath been acquainted with the Guinea Trade for Twelve Years: That if this Trade were open, it would produce Three times the Trade it now does.

That he has been concerned . 40,000l. in this Trade and has made 50/. per Cent, and returned in Seven Months: That he gave 26/. Licence,

and made a good Voyage; and the Second Year gave 40 /. per Cent, and was obliged to take the Goods from the Company; and believes he paid 3 or per Cent, more than elsewhere he might have bought them: That he

. O O

was limited to certain Places, and could not go where he though fit.

That Forts and Castles are of Use to protect the Goods from the Negroes: If the English had but Men of War, the Forts would not signify any thing; the Forts being only a Protection to the Warehouses, where the Company's Goods lie.

Captain Robert Portin, Has known the Trade ever since 1660: That he was at the Taking of Cape Coast Castle from the Dutch, by the Jersey, there being about 22 Guns mounted.

That there is 900 Miles Trading in the African Coasts, without Forts and Castles.

That the Company did not hinder Two Portuguese Ships from Trading, when he durst not trade himself: They would not let him have Covert under their Cannon; but admitted a Pirate to make his Attempt upon him.

That the Negroes chuse rather to trade with an Interloper, than the Company's Ships, because the Interlopers fell cheaper.

That he can trade safe on Shore at Comemla, where the Natives turned the Company's Servant's from their Houses in 1678; the which the Company would have gotten again, but could not, the Dutch having gotten thither.

That there is much more Room to lie discovered upon the Shore, limited in the Company's Charters, for a Trade that now is not used.

That the Plantations would be much plentifuller served with Negroes, by an open Trade; and that he traded thither with much Credit, giving Trust for above 13,000 Hogsheads of Sugar at Antegoa.

That Forts and Castles might be maintained and supported without a Company; a Contribution being raised by all trading to Africa.

Captain Jcdediah Barker, That he used the Trade in 1677.: That the chief Places are Old

Calabar, and New Calabar, for Negroes; where there are

no Forts or Castles.

That the Spaniards like the Angola Negroes, rather than the others.

That the Plantations desire Negroes of several Nations, because they are thereby not so subject to Rebellion.

That, if there were no Forts or Castles, the Negroes might come oft to trade; and that it would be less Charge

te

2° — 30 Martii.

"5

to manage and secure the Trade by Men of War, than Town of in the room of Sir Thomas SarmvcU

by Forts; and that ihe Ships might lie there all the Year Baronet, deceased.

round.

That there are Interlopers of all Nations; and no Men of War but ours, that guard those Seas.

Mr. Robert Walker, That the Planters do not admire

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning Supply Bill; at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of thje whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to ttf

fat Angola Negroes; and that they desire Negroes from their Majesties certain Hates and Duties upon Salt, and

many Parts, for fear of Rebellion: That the Planters have bought of the Dutch, Negroes, 700 in a Ship, for want bf Supplies from the Company.

Mr. Thomas, That an Imposition upon the Trade of Guinea would be sufficient to maintain their Forts; and that the old Company formerly raised more at 3/. per Ton, than would do; so that a Duty would be the belt Way for Trade: That lei's than 10 /. and about 51, per Cent, upon an open Trade, would maintain the Forts, and all Matters necessary to secure the Trade: That he bath given 35, and 40, per Cent, for Licence, to the Company to trade thither; taking the Goods at their Rate3; and the Company put the Drawback also into their Pockets.

That an open Trade would supply the Islands with Negroes, much more to their Satisfaction, than now they are supplied.

Mr. Meliiha Holdet', That the Company have not

always supplied the Plantations with Negroes; he being used to buy of the Interlopers for Twenty-five Years last - Morning, palt

That the Company have 10 I. per Interest for

Credit they give, as he hath heard and allb the Interlopers do take the like ot those they give Credit to.

That sometimes the Planters will give more for Negroes to an Interloper, than the Company, purposely to encourage the Interlopers to trade with them.

Mr. Boone, the Sub-Governor, in Reply, on behalf of the Company did produce to the Committee, under the Hand of the Searcher of the Custom-house, An Account ot Says, and Perpetuanus, shipped off for in the

Port of London, from 1665, to 1670; And also,

An Abstract of the Woollen Manufacture yearly exported by the Company, from the Year 1673, to 1693.

And acquainted the Committee, That the Company were content to part with above Tw o Thirds of what is in their Charter, for further Discovery to the Industrious.

And that as to furnithing the Plantations with Negroes, they will submit to any Rules or Directions, ..... shall be thought lit and equitable.

The Committee did also take into their Consideration Two other Petitions referred unto them by the House:

The one from the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Councilmen of the City of Exeter; praying, That the Trade to Africa mav not be retrained; And the other, from the Clothiers of Witney; praying, That the Tratfick of the African Company may be protected.

And that, upon the-whole Matter, the Committee came to the several Resolutions following.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Forts and Caftfes are necessary for carrying on the Trade to A frica.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the

War against, France.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself Way* and info a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur- Mean*, ther of Ways arid Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majestiefe, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 16,94.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed, the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That*they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House would pfeafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow

Sir John Fleet, according to Order, presented to the London Or-House a List of the Debts due and owing to the several P,iaiu Fun<1* Orphans of the City of London: And also,

A Lift of the several and respective Debts due, upon Bond, for the said City.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table until the House shall resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, upon the ingrossed Ease of Bill for the Ease of Jurors who serve at the Assizes in J'irors* England and Wales, be resumed upon Morning

next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 3° die 6° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayeks.

A Member Ciic barged :.m cm-lily.

Ntfthamp-to Wnt*

A PETITION of Richard Armstrong, Edward Privilege — William Sanderson, Edu ard Devon, and Persons in Richard S in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for cu(lodyPK* a Breach of Privilege committed against Paul Foley Ef- pifcharge. quire, in imprefiing James Nurbury his Servant, was presented to the House, and read; w hereby they acknowleged their Oft'ence, and begged Pardon for the fame; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

That the Trade to Africa will be belt carried on, for the Ordered, That the said Richard Armstrong, Edward Advantage ot England, in a joint Stock. Butland, Edward Devon, ai\dRichard

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Shelito, he brought to the Bar of this House on Monday That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring Morning next, in order to their Discharge. in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Mr. Christy reported from the Committee, to whom F.arl of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to 'ihumiet's enable Thomas Earl of Thannet, and the Honourable Sack-Ordered, That Sir Thermos Grqfoeturr, in the Custody of vile Tuflon his Brother, to make a Lrafe for Sixty Years

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Saturday Sevennight.

Eliate.

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting of , in the Parish of Rotdph's, Ahlerfgate,

himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out ' 1 -

of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker doiffue his Warrant-to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve ia this present Parliament for the Vol. XI.

to commence from the Remainder of a Term of One-and-thirty Years, now in being, was committed, That they had1 examined and considered the said Bill; and had directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An

Cavendish's

Estate.

London Orphans Fund,

G. Turners Estate.

Supply Bill; Duties on Salt, Beer,

& c.

0

Ditto.

Presenting

Stockjob-

bing.

Ways and Means.

116 3* — 50 Martii. A. 1693.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for increasing the present Maintenance of the Honourable Henry Cavendish; and for providing a Jointure for such Woman as he shall marry during the Lite of his Father, the Earl of Devonshire; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Samuel Hutchinson Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there beinga Bill now before the House for the Satisfaction of the Debts due to the Orphans of the City of;

among other Things, a Lease to be granted by the said City, to several Persons in the Bill named, of the Convex-Lights, is intended as Part of a Fund for their Relief; which, if it should be enacted, will be to the utter Ruin of the Petitioner, who is the only Inventor of the said Lights; and who hath Letters Patents for the foie Benefit thereof for a Term of Fourteen Years, not yet near expired: And praying, That his Name may be inserted in the said Bill, to have such Lease under such Rent as is therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the House shall resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Brockman reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of George Turner Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had made an Amendment; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 6. L. 4. after " Estate," to leave out " off

And the fame, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That it bean Instructionto the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, is committed, That they do prepare, and bring in, a Clause to the said Bill, That no Member of the House of Commons shall be concerned, directly or indirectly, in the farming, collecting, or managing, the Duties to be collected by the said Bill, or any other Aid to be granted . to their Majesties, other than the present Commissioners of the Treasury, and the Officers and Commissioners for managing the Customs and Excise.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and

Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill for continuing the Punishing Act for punching Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, Mutiny and or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Desertion-Musters; and for the Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; with feme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for r«rd Sta-Payment of the Debts of John Lord Stazcell, lately de- well's Estate. ceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Orderd, That the Lift of the Debts due to the Or- London Orphans of the City of London, and to the Creditors, by phaas fund. Bond, of the said City, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London is committed.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ditto, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider of the Bill for Relief of the Orphans of the City of London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hun get ford took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hungerjord reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Holt's Estate, whom the Bill for divesting several Securities out of Andrew Fountein Esquire, and others; and veiling the fame

in Trustees, for railing and paying the Money upon the said Securities; and assigning the Residue of the Estate, incumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt, Baronet; was committed; be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir S^w. Dashzrood, Sir Execution of

Sir Tho.Vernon, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Sir Justicein

Gwynn, Mr. Dyot, and all the Members that serve for the Principalities of H ales, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Execution of Justice with-. in the Principalities of Wales is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 5° die Martii;

6° Gulielmi et Mariae.

PRATEKS.

f\RDERED, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, Cavendifli's intituled, An Act for increasing the present Maintenance of the Honourable Henry Cavendish; and for providing a Jointure for such Woman as he shall marry during the Life of his Father, the Earl of; be

read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill against Stockjobbing.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, be made upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Philadelphia Lady Wentworth was pre- st. John of fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Wapping Petitioner hath the perpetual Advowlbn and Prelentation Panit1, to the Churches of Stepney and Whitechapel: That there is now in the House depending a Bill for the Endowment of a Cha|>el at Wapping, and making of it Parochial, and distinct from the Parish of Whitechapel; by which the Petitioner will lose the Presentation to that intended Parish-Church, to her great Damage: And pray-25 ing

5* Martii.

117

inp to be heard by hep CounfeV, touehing her Right to the said Presentation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the feitl Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill ia committed:

And that Mr. Boscau'en, Mr. Thornkaugh, Mr. Waller*, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Fuller\ Mr. Boekenham, Mr. Proby, Mr.

Persons as ft aft advance the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That ifc is the Opinion of this Conauiitteev That the remaiaing Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, of the said Fund, be let apart for recotnpenfing such Persons as shall advance the Sum of Three hundred thour sand Pounds, at Fourteen Pounds per Cent. per Annum,

Tow

Hamlet*

Mill tin.

Whitehall's

tiuu*

Pigolt, Mr. England, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Sptkc, so* One Life; or Ten Pounds per Cad. pen Annum, lor

be added to the fold Committee. Three Lives.

The first Four of the said Resolut oas, being severally Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for read a Second time, were, upon the Question severalljf

the better settling and regulating the Militia within the Tower Hamlets: And that Sir Thomas Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Whitehall to charge certain Lands with the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, towards Portions for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the

put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Refohitiou being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding after "Life," "or Twelve Pounds per Cent, per Annum for "Two Lives."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed onto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That the remaining Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, of the said

Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed Fund, be set apart for recompensing such Persons as shall to the fame, without any Amendments. ~ 1 1 c ~f 11..~ ' 1...1 " ~ ‘ D

Poor R«M A Bill for the better Provision for the Poor, and setting them on Work, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege-Pritmis reprimanded and dif-

A Person

difrlwged

frmn

AueaJance.

Ways and Means.

Richard Awistrong, Edvvird Rutland, William Sander-son, Eduard Dixon, and Richard Shelito, were, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Richard Armstrong, Eduard Rutland, William Sanderson, Edv ard Devon, and Richard Sbctitu, be discharged out of Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, without paying Fees.

The House being informed, That Lieutenant Barrow attended according to Order;

Ordered, That the said Lieutenant Barrow be discharged from his further Attendance.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, re|vorted> trom the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Ma-jtfties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Resolutions of the said Committee: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Fund of One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum be vetted in their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for raising the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties resolved by the House to be laid upon Leather and Soap, he the said Fund of One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, until the Monies charged upon the Duties of Excise, granted by an Act made in the Second Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several additional Duties upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for Four Years, from the time that an Act for doubling the Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the Space of One Year, doth expire, shall be satisfied.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, alter the Money so charged shall be satisfied, a Moiety of the said Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, be granted and continued to their Majesties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That of the Fund for One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for the Raising of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, the Sum of One hundred thousand

advance the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, at Fourteen Pounds per Centum per Annum, for One Life; or Twelve Pounds per Cant, per Annum, for Two Lives; or Ten Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for Three Lives.

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be lnftmftions tq Mr Solicitor-General, who is directed to prepare, and bring in, the Bills for the Duties upon Leather and Soap.

Mr. Hunger ford reported, That Colonel PepryandhiiD* Pressing Me* felt had, according to Order, been at the Jloufcs of Ro- tbr band bert Davyes Deputy Provost-Martfoqd, and Michael Tetley, Senfice# and taken the Examinations of the Persons in Custody there: The which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read.

By which it appeared, That several Persons were inveigled, and trepanned, and impressed, against their free Consent, for I^md-Service; and are confined, and kept Prisoners, in the said Houses, against their Wills; and are as follow; viz.

An Account of the Examination of the Persons now remaining in Mr. Davyd's, the Deputy-Provost Marshals

House; and in Mr. Toolye's House, in Holborn.

An Account of the Persons in Mr. Davye s House.

There are in this House Fifteen Persons intended for Land-Service; whereof Five lilted themselves freely, and are still willing to serve: viz. John Tompson, James Alias,

William Bradshaw, Richard Baily, and Brunean, a Frenchman; and one Idiot, viz. Jacob Gerard, not fit for Service.

Benjamin Cox, bred a Shoemaker; received One Shilling of Impress-Money freely, but was promised more; and, in order to receive it, was directed to follow the Person that entertained him; and was by him conducted to this,

Mr. Davye s Honfc, and confined there.

John Meakin; was made drunk at Braintry in Essex: and he, and Eight more, received Impress-Money; and were brought and put into Finsbury Prison; and were first intended for the Service of one Lee; but, being removed from that Prison to Mr. Davycs House, he is now intended for the Service of Captain Devon.

William Jac\son; received One Shilling Impress-Money freely, and was promised more; and, in Prospect of it, was deluded into this House; but, having been at Sea, he had rather serve the King by Sea than Land.

Daniel Hamlin; now an Apprentice to one Pikeman, at the Cock in Holltorn; he was drunk, and prevailed upon to receive One Shilling Impress-Money; and was told, he should go to the Kings-Head in the Hay-Market, and that he should be there furnished with a Horle and Cloaths; but was brought to Mr. Davye s House, and there confined: He hath loft the Use of one of his Hands; and is not fit for Service.

Edward Dee ring, was bred a Clerk to an Attorney; he

Pounds per Annum be set apart, for recompenling such hath an Estate of 120/.per Annum, near ArwideU in Sus

Vol.XI, Hh M*

Pressing

Men /or

Land

Service.

118 50 Martti. A. 1693-

fex\ was drunk when he was prevailed upon to take One Shilling Imprefe-Money: He hath sent to his Frieuds for Money; and hopes to be released.

There are likewise live Deserters kept in Mr. Davye's House; but he could shew no Warrant for their Commitment

An Account of the Persons confined in Mr. Toolye's House in Holborn.

There are in this House 34 Persons; whereof Eight listed themselves freely; viz. Edward Stubbs, Henry Campion, William Allen, William Harding, William Bugbeard, William Perry, Thomas Jones, and Joseph Smart; and are w illing to serve.

William Bristow faith, He came from Windsor Yesterday; and, standing in the Street, a young Fellow, whom he doth not know, trepanned him into House,

gave him Drink, and would have put Money into his Hand, which he let drop to the Ground; then he put it into his Pocket, and carried him up-stairs in the said House; where he remains in Custody, against his Will: And prays to be set at Liberty.

Richard Johnson faith, He was invited by one John Gerrard, his Acquaintance, to take a Walk, who carried him to an Alehouse; where came to him a Person, who pretended to be a Cornet of Horl'e, who threw down 25. with which Money he paid the Reckoning; trepanned him to Toolye's House, and left him there in Custody on Sunday was Fortnight ,* where he is detained against his Will; And prays to be set at Liberty.

Thomas Symonds; was entertained by a Soldier to drink, who afterwards gave him is. and brought him to Toolye's House; promised to lift him in a Company of the King's Guards: Hath been kept in Prison since Monday Seven-night: And prays to be discharged.

Christopher Andrews; lilted himself at Stamford; was promised he should serve in the Queen's Guards: Hath been kept a Prisoner there a Fortnight: And prays to be discharged.

Edward Conder; lifted himself at Peterborough, when in Drink; was promised to be a Drummer: Captain Wilson committed him aMonthfince; and, being unfit for the Service, assigned him to Tooley, to sell and dispose of him as he thinks fit: He prays he may be discharged.

John Hethrington; was promised by Serjeant Hefslip to have a Horse, and 75. per Week; gave him 5 and put him into this Place: He is a Salesman; and can live well on his Trade: And prays to be discharged.

John Webb fiiith, He lifted himself voluntarily: His Officer put him into prison 26th January and never came at him since: His Confinement hath made him lick: And prays to be discharged.

George JVallis; lifted himself about a Month fmee, with an Interst to go into the Marine Regiment, which was promised him; and he is willing to go to Sea.

Thomas Butler;lifted himself Six Weeks before Christ-

mas: Is willing to serve the King; but complains of hard Usage, being confined.

Bryan Riley; happened to be in a Quarrel at Whitechapel; was kept Five Weeks in the Hole in the Tower-, after that sent to his Quarters; and on Tuesday last sent to Toolye's, by Order of Lieutenant-Colonel Ormsby; knows not for what Caule, except his Officer fears his Desertion, when he intends to fend his Men for Flanders.

John Feild, under the same Circumstances with Ryley: Both willing to serve the King: But pray they may be put under another Officer.

Roger Webster-, fell sick when his Company marched: was lent to prison Tuesday last; he believes, for Fear the Officer hath of his running away: Is willing to serve the King.

Abraham Broome-, lifted himself freely, upon the 2,5th of January last; and hath been kept ever since in Prison.

William Lock faith, lie went into the Country; and was Three times absent from his Duty; but took care with the Corporal to hire another Man in his Place: Hath 22

been five Weeks in Prison; and is promised his Discharge if he can raise 10/.

John Harrison; was first pressed by Two Seamen; but for 25. they let him go; then one a Soldier,

met with him, and told him he would help him to be of the King's Guards, where he should be well paid, and appear only on Muster-Days; but he brought him to Toolye's House, where one Sutton, one of Toolye's Servants, gave him 15. and one Smart, another of his Servants, took it away again: Tooley hath offered him to several Captains; particularly Yesterday he disposed of him to a Captain, who, upon View of Harrison, did not like him; and thereupon Tooley returned the Money.

Thomas Hartshorne, a Labouring-man, was pressed by the Constable of St. James's, and carried to the Tower; but was offered to be released for 5; afterwards one Fish gave him 15. and brought him to Toolye's, who offered to let him go for One Guinea.

Robert Bourke; came from Ireland as a Servant to one O.vberry; was met on Saturday last by Two Soldiers, and brought in a Coach to Toolye's House; who hath since offered to let him go, if he would pay for his Diet: He refused to receive any Impress-Money.

James Hutton; was taken by Two Beadles of Anne's

Parish, and forced into a House near St. Giles's, where he was locked up in a Room for Two Hours; and then an Officer came, and made him drunk, and forced him to take 15.; and afterwards sent him to Tooley's, where he had his Money taken from him.

Leonard Withers, a Joiner; was in Drink; and was told by Captain Mitchell's Servant, he wanting Employment, That he would help him to a Master; and brought him where a Corporal was, who put J5. in his Hand, which he refused to accept, and threw it away; but was told, That, having handled it, it was enough; and so brought him to Toolye's: But the Man that forced the Shilling upon him offered to let him go for 405.

John Bayly, a Pipe-maker; was in Company with a Soldier at an Ale-house in Queenstrect, where a Corporal was, w ho forced him to take a Shilling, and brought him to Toolye's.

Thomas Jones; was lifted to go into the King's Guards, received 25. 6d. -, but was sent to Toolye's.

Morgan Glim; was told by Two Men at a Cook's, That they would help him to be a Gentlemans Groom; was made drunk, and then forced to take 15.; and afterwards sent to Toolye's.

Samuel Evans, a Welshman -, speaks very little English; hath an Estate of 30 I. per Annum in Merionethshire-, anil pays 7/. per Annum King's Taxes; was made drunk, and threatened by the Constable of Anne's, That if he did not take is.Imprels-Money, they would carry him to

the Tower j and then he was brought to Toolye's: He hatha Wife big with Child, and Twro Children; and came to London upon a Law-suit.

There are Three Englishmen and one Dutchman sick in Bed.

All the aforesaid Persons in Toolye's House complain, They are closely confined, and not permitted the Liberty of the House; That they can have as much Provinon for Three-pence a Day as is allowed them there for Sixpence a Day; That they are almost eaten up alive with Vermin, and in Danger of their Lives: FIad rather be shot to Death, than continued in that miserable Prison.

27 February 1693. On Tuesday, before we could come to take these Examinations, F'orfy-leven Persons were delivered out of Toolye's House to several Officers, and Two Persons discharged.

John Perry,

John

Ordered, That Colonel Perry and Mr. Hungerford do go to the respective Houses of the said Davyes and Tooley, and discharge such Persons out of Custody there, as appears to be inveigled, trepanned, or imprefi'ed, against their Content, except Deserters.

A Petition

C

6W.#M. 5 — 6*

M two&om A Petition of MichaeU was presented to the

House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ewrtinj A Petition of the Braziers and Founders of England, N ('°P* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That *',4t' there being a Bill now depending in the House, for the Exportation of Iron, Copper, and Bell-Metal, contrary to several Statutes which prohibit the same; the feme, if it should pals into a Law will be very pernicious to their Majofties in particular, and to most of their Subjects: And praying. That they may be heard by their Counsel before the puffing of the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Mar Hi. 119

Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for difegreeing to the said Amendments.

And it is referred unto Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Boyle, Colonel Colonel Earle, Lord Cults, Mr. Harley, Sir El. Harvey, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Lord Colchester, Mr. , Mr

Palmes, Mr. Foley, Sir Richard Temple, Colonel Lecefon, Sir IValt. Young, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Clark, Lord Ra-nelagh, Mr. Femvick; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments to the said BUI.

Nrtiinj Vorinv ;'.nd Jdcruuo.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Committee* Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 6* die Martii;

6° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act I.ord Sta-for Payment of the Debts of John Lord well'* *Jl1

lately deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second time, upon Friday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for continuing the Act for punishing of Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesty's Service; and for punishing falseMuiters; and for the Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer:

And the same were read, and are as follow j viz.

1 Skin, l8 L. Leave out "of."

2 Skins, i 2 L. instead of " of," read " or Petty Con-

" stable in."

14 L. after " Constable," add " or Constable "

31..... alter " Constable," add " or Petty " Constable."

At the End of the Bill, add the Proviso marked A;

M.

" Provided always, That in case any Officer in the Army,

Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk of any Regiment, Troop, or Company, shall he informed against, sued, or prosecuted, before any Court-Martial in England or Ireland, for detaining the Pay of any inferior Officer or private Soldier, after Receipt thereof, longer than during the Times in the said recited Act limited, expressed, or mentioned, for that Purpose; and that such Officer, Pay-roaster, Agent, or Clerk, shall be acquitted of the feme, by the Sentence of the said Courts-Martial respectively; that then, it shall and may be lawful to and for such inferior Officer, or private Soldier, to appeal from such Acquittal unto their Majesties Privy-Council in England or Ireland, respectively; who shall have full Power and Authority to revile the said Sentence of Acquittal, and examine the whole Matter, upon Oath; and if the said Privy-Council shall think lit to reverie the said Sentence, that then, such Officer, Paymaster, Agent, or Clerk, shall incur and undergo, and be subject and liable to the Forfeitures and Difebilitiesin the said recited Act mentioned, a- tully, to nil Intents and Purposes, as if such Officer,

Paymalier, Agent, or Clerk, had been convicted of the said Offences before trie Court-Martial; the said Forfeitures to be raised, and disposed, according to the said Act. by Order of the said Privy-Councils, respectively; and tee Informer, if a Soldier, to have the Benefit of being discharged, as by the said Act is allowed The First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ("/ BtokZit':

Tellers for tlieNow,:

So it passed in the Negative.

The 3d, 4th, 5th, and last Amendments being severally read a Second time; the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, difegreed unto by the

House. A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. privilege —

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Jacob Hubland, Minister of and Mr. Reste«io*»

Vo 1. XL Ham »"«nibtr*

imitate*

101.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Persons par-

Iloljord: donod for

Mr. Speaker, Felony.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, to repeal the Statute made in the 10th Year of King Edward the Third, for finding Sureties for the good Abearing of him or her that hath a Pardon of Felony, with some Amendments:

To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cavendish'i for increasing the present Maintenance of the Honourable Ffams. Hemy Cavendish; and for providing a Jointure for such Woman as be shall marry during the Life of his Father, the Eari of Devonshire i was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Gran-vile, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir John Moreton, Lord Coningsby. Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. P. Foley, Sir Ralph Carr,

Mr. Hutchinson, Colonel Leveson, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr.

St. John, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Sir Edu ard Seymour, Sir Bev. Granvile, Mr. Slater, Sir Fra. Blake,

Mr. Clarke, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Neuport, Mr. Hide,

Mr. Hungerford, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir

Edw. Abney, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. White, Mr. England, Sir Walt. Young, Sir Wm. Forester, Mr. Mr. Ar-

nold, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Gray, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Harley, Mr. , Mr.

Pelham, Mr Burrard, Mr. Colt, Lord Colchester, Mr.

Boyle, Mr. ManfeU, Lord Castleton, Mr. Femvick, Mr.

Thomhaugh, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Ogle, Sir Walt.

Clarges, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Waller, Colonel Godfry: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber.

And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they do peruse and examine all the Settlements made by William late Earl of Deoonshire of the Estate in the Bill mentioned: And that they do report specwlly to the House the particular Uses, Limitations, and Provisoes, therein, and the yearly Value of the said Estate; and the Consent of all the Parties concerned.

Martii.

A. 1693.

liam Soader, Curate of Abis-Rooding, in the County of applied to the Use of the War, whereby their Majesties Essex, had spoken scandalous and reflecting Words of this Grace and Favour may be extended to the Petitioner.

House; and of Sir Francis Massam,a Member thereof; Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition in Breach of the Privilege of this House; be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

Touching which, one William Colly ns, and John Siarty, whom the said Bill is committed,

were called in; and, at the Bar, examined;

And then withdrew; A Petition of several Owners and Mailers of Ships con- Boats car 17-

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put eemed in the Coal Trade was proleo ted to the House, i"g Coals. That the said Mr. Jacob Hub land, and Mr. William Soader, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the re is now depending in this House a Bill for measuring, thia Hrmfo by a dead Weight, the Keels and Boats within the River

of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Ports adjacent: Which Bill, if it should pass into a Law, will not only very much prejudice the City of , and most of the Sea-ports

from Berwick to Plymouth, but all'o the Coal-Trade in general: And praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel before the Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

this House;

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Telle, for «he

93-

139-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Jacob Hubland and Mr. William Soader be summoned to attend this House forthwith, to answer the said Complaint.

fuuishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Colonel Granvile reported, That the Lords do agree Conferenc*

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee ap- . to a Conference presently, in the Painted Chamber. Lords.

pointed to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships in the Amendments, by them made, to the Bill for continuing the Act for punishing of Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Mullers; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; That they had prepared Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

As to the Four first Amendments disagreed to:

For that the forcing Men into the Land-Service being against Law, and the Liberty of the Subject, the Com-

Resolved, That the Committee who prepared the Reasons to be offered at the Conference do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the said Conference.

And, being returned;

Colonel Granvile reported, That they had attended the Conference, and delivered the Reasons to the Lords; and left the Bill and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Irish For-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole k‘tures-House, to consider of the Bill for vesting the forfeited Ellatcs in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Articles of Limerick an

The Lord Ranelagh acquainted the House, That his mons are of Opinion, That all manner of Care ought to Majesty had been pkafed, pursuant to their humble Ad-be taken to prevent such Practices; and therefore they dress, to command him to lay before this House Copies of J cannot agree with your Lordships, in the impowering the Articles of Limerick and Galhcay: And he delivered Petty Constables to give Certificates of the free Consent the same in at the Clerk's Table,

of such Persons as are lifted; such Officers being usually Ordered, That the said Articles do lie upon the Table of mean Condition, and mean Capacity; and consequently until Saturday Morning next, when the House is to re-subject to be too much prevailed upon either by Menaces solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

or Rewards.

As to the Proviso marked A, disagreed to:

For that the Tenor of this Bill imports, That nothing but an extraordinary Occasion induced the Commons to submit the Subjects of this Realm to Tryals by Martial-Law; this Proviso giving a new Judicature to the Privy-Council, the Commons conceive it to be unnecessary in the Cafes for which it is provided, and that it may prove of dangerous consequence to the Liberty of the Subject.

Ordered, That Sir FA.iah 1 larva, Sir Execution

Sir Rich.Temple, Mr. Hopkins, be added to the Com- 10 '

mittee, to whom the Bill for the better Execution of Juf- M‘ J" tice within the Principality of Wales is committed.; T

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of thi

And they do further observe to your Lordships, That until Wednesdaythe 14th Day of this inllant March.

House.

Conference desired with Lords.

Irish Forfeitures.

this Proviso extends the same Power to the Privy-Council of Ireland; though that Kingdom be not named in the Bill, nor in the Act continued by it.

Ordered, That Colonel Granvile do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from Woollen? the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving the Act, nufacturt$ made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, to prevent the Exportation of Wool; and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; was committed,

A Petition of Captain Christ ofer Wray was presented be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

to the House. and read; felting forth, That the Peti- Or*raf, HiattheadjoumedDebate, Upoiitlieitigrotred ttoner hath faithfully served their Majesties in the Army, ffi, for fce E>fe o{ juJrors ,h f( rve a,*,he for W

everftncethei4ofi)ae»fcrl6S8; and is ftift ready to Engb,d mAWales be resumed upon Morning

do the fame, being now actually in their Service: That the nex® r '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Petitioner is Son and Heir of Sir Wray Baronet,

and Ann his Wife, who, with Nine of her Children, are Protestants: That the Petitioner's said Mother was possessed of an Estate of Inheritance in her own Right, which, by reason of her said Husband's being in Arms for the late King James, is forfeited for his Life; though the same is charged with several Mortgages, and younger Childrens Portions: And praying, That in regard to the

Mercuni, 7* die Martii; 6* Gulielmi et Mar ice.

Praters.

Petitioner's faithful Service, and his Mother, and Nine A N ingrossed Bill for the making a Bridge over the AxeBrid

Children, a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for vesting f\ River Axe, in the County of Somerset, was read the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be the Third time.

Resolved,

6 W. &M. f — i

Refolded, That the Till do pals: And that the Title be, an Act for the making a Bridge over the River in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Sir Edward do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Owners and Adventurers in the Herring Island, North Sea, and other Fishery of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is now' a Bill depending in this House for laying a Duty upon Salt, without exempting fuel) Salt as shall be used in the Curing of Fish: That the Fishery is of great Advantage to the Kingdom; and the heft Nursery for breeding able Seamen; and always had the Favour of Parliament; and, particularly, as often as any Imposition hath been laid upon Salt, all Salt used in the Curing of Fish hath been excepted: That unless the like Encouragement be given, the N umber of Seamen will fail, and the Fishery totally be loft to this Nation: And praying, That all Salt used in the Saving and Curing of any Fish may be free from any Imposition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred, upon the Debate of the House, to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain llccompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France....

(th Hii. A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and respecting Mr. Holford:

(kbWw Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill for Repeal of the Two-and-thirtieth Article in the Statute of the 5th Year of Queen Eliz. containing divers Orders for Artificers and others, which relates to 'Weavers of Cloth, with an Amendment: To which Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

The said Amendment, being twice read, was agreed unto by the House; and is as followed); viz.

In the Title, instead of " the Two-and-thirtieth Article," read " a Clause."

Ordered, That Sir John Guise do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That this House had) agreed to the said Amendment.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, presented to

the House a Bill for the better fetding and regulating die Militia within the Tower-Hamlets: And the same was received.

Eejiiyof Ordered, That Sir John Key, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir lie* Robert Eden, Mr. Taylor, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Registring of Deeds, Feoffments, Conveyances, and Wills, is committed. v

fopir Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, relblved M *nto a Committee of the whole House, to consider

*r' further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left die Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill to them committed; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. XL

Martiu

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Report of the Bill for the Relief of the Orphans of the City of London is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, }*>

Teller, for the Noes. }*

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Holt'tEftatt. whom the Bill for divesting several Securities out of Andreio Founteine Esquire, and others, and vesting the same in Trustees, for raising and paying the Money upon the said Securities; and assigning foe Resid ue of the Estate, incumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt Baronetwas committed; be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned* Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 8' die Martii;

6* Gulielmi et Marite.

PbaIters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act g.Turner* for Payment of the Debts o {7w/'»er Esquire, Mate, deceased, was read foe Third time.

Resolved, That foe Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Brent'* enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Estate* Brent Gentleman, deceased, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and Maintenance of his Children, who are Infants, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Estate of William - Steven's vens, deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage thereupon; Estate. and applying the Overplus for the Benefit of his Sons, who are Infants; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Abb for Sale of the Estate of IVm. Stevens Gentleman, deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage thereupon; and applying the Overplus for foe Benefit of his Sons, w'ho are Infants.

Ordered, That Colonel Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the pisfran- Bill to disable the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County chiiing of Southampton, from fending Burgesses to serve in Par- Stockbridge

liament for the future, was committed, That they had rou® made several Amendments to the Bill; and which they had direfited him to report to the House; and which he read in in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take into Consideration foe said Report.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Protestant* ing next, after the said Report is over, resolve itself into Isat* a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Naturalization of such Protestants as shall take foe Oaths to their Majesties, and the Test against Popery.

I i Ordered,

Importing Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill foil the Importation of Saltpetre. Saltpetre be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Encouraging Ordered, That the Bill for the Encouragement of Pri-rnvateeis. yateers be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

London Or- Mr, Hungerfordreported from the Committee, to whom pban* fund, Bill for the Relief of the Orphans of the City of London was committed, That they had considered the teveral Petitions to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

- by inserting the X ame of Samuel as concerned

in the Lights:

And the Question being put, That the said Samuel Hutchinson's Name be inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by inserting the Name of Arthur Moore, as concerned in the Lights;

And the Question being put, That the said Arthur Moore's, Name be inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by striking out the Name of* and inserting inl'tcad

thereof, " Philipp Neve

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching the Right of Samuel Hutchinson:

And the same was twice read, and amended by the House.

And the Question being put, That the Clause he made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {j^yf

Tellers for the Noes, {Jjj' } 5!)-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Proviso was offered to he added to the Bill, That # #

A Motion being made, and the Question, being put That the Second Blank he filled up with " 500l.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Blank be filled up with " Two " thoul'and Pounds."

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That a Clause be brought in to the said Bill, upon the Third Reading, upon the Debate of the House, for Repayment of the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, by the Bill allowed to he yearly paid for Seven Years, out of the Monies by the Bill appointed for the Use of the said Orphans and Creditors, towards defraying of the publick Charges of the said City of London.

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Cha. Porter, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Smith, to prepare, and bring in, the said Clause.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply Bill} at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the Duties «n whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting S*11* Ceer* to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, c* and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain llccompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as lit all voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 9* die Martii;

6* Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable Thomas Earl of Thanand the Honour- Thannet'*

able Saclrcille Tufftonhis Brother, to make a Lease Estate* for Sixty Years of Thannet House, in the Parish of St. Botolph's, Aldersgate, to commence after the Remainder

of a Term of 31 Years nowr in being, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Air. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, Ttiat this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Freemen of the City of London shall be adjudged good Witnesses, concerning any Tryal to be had, touching the Revenues thereof:

And the same was twice read.

Resolved, That the said Clause be reje6ted.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That *.

And the Question being put, That the Clause he read a Second time;

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

68.

f Sir S "I c l.Sir Walter Young: J

fMr. Gv'ijn, j

lMr- Christy: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the First Blank be filled up with " Seven;"

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 77-

Tellers for U* Noes, } «S.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An A fit Lord for Payment of the Debts of John Lord Stawell, lately decealt d, was read the Second time. u e*‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Pawlct, Sir Charles Bloys, Mr. Bicherstajfe, Lord Digby,

Mr. Bennet, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Price, Lord

Hide, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Air. P.

Foley, Sir S. Barnadiston, Mr. Sir John Austin,

Sir Edward Abney, Sir Win. ForesAir. Sir Fliab Harvey, Sir Thom. HasleriggMr. Burlington

Colonel Beaumont, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Mr.

Boyle, Mr. Tho. Foley, Lord Cults, Lord Air.

Hedger, Mr. Colt, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Tankred, Mr. Bromley, Mr. John Smith, Colonel God fry. Sir Strickland, Mr. Cook, Sir Jcivas Ehces, Mr. Colonel

Lee, Mr. Cha. Boyle, Mr. Clark, Mr. Lloyd, Colonel Gran-: vile. Air. Campion, Mr. Wharton, Sir Rowland Air.

Bromley, Sir Cha.Carteret, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Hobby, Mr. Popham, Mr. Hazelry, Air.

Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Mr. \

England, Mr. Bcrty, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Nicholas, Air. ' Frankland, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Di/nt,

Sir Walt.Young, Mr. Ash, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Ryder ', Sir

John Lowlher, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Sir

Howard, Mr. Sim.' Smith, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. How, Mr. Bridges, Lord Sherrard, Mr. Brewer, Air. j

tfW.tfM. io

Frauen, Mr. Waller, Mr. Sir John Sir j Math. Andrewes, Sir If 'alter Clarges. Sir G must on,

Mr. Dolhai, Mr. St. John, Sir Sir

Cooper, Sir Thn. Barnadistou, Sir Banks: And they

are to meet Tomorrow in tile Afternoon at Fourot' the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; And it is to be ail In-liruftion to the said Committee, That they do examine the Allegations in the Dill, both as to the real and personal Estate; and the Debts of the said Lord; and the

I yearly Value of the Estate; and report the Matter thereof

especially to the Iloule.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Hoi ford:

Mr. Speaker,

G. Tomer's The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by Elute. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of George Turner Esquire, deceased.

C.Tomer'j And also, They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hite. Act for settling the Inheritance of (bme 'Parts of the Estate of Charles Turner Esquire, which lie dispersed, in himself and his Heirs j and settling an entire Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses the said other Parts of his Eftale were settled; without any Amendments. And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Eofooraging Ordered, That the Bill for the better Encouragement Fmatcere. of Privateers be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege — The House being informed, That Mr. Jacob iMtfflbw* William Soaderattended according to Order; i. taer. They were called in j and examined touching the Com-

plaints made against them.

And, being withdrawn;

Edwar d Collins and his Wife were also called in; and examined as to the Complaint against the said Mr. William Soader.

And then they w ithdrew.

And it appearing to the House, That Mr. William Soader had affirmed and reported, That Sir Francis Maffam, a Member of this Iloule, w as a Pensioner;

Resolved, That the same is a false and lcandalous Re-fleftion on this House, and on Sir Francis Massarn.

Ordered, That the said Mr. William Soader be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for affirming and reporting the said false and scandalous Reflection.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Hubland be discharged from further Attendance.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, reuses on solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-&dt, B«r, fisher of the Bill for granting to their Majesties cer-' tain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, tow ards carrying on the War against France. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further I'rogrels in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they might have Leave to lit again.

Refited, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Conmittcti. ‘ Ordered. \That all Committees he adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. XI.

' Mar tit. 123

Sahbati, 10° die MI <3° Guiiclmi ct Mari®.

Pbave rs.

A PETITION of Charles Slutcvile Esquire, in Privilege — Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of a person peti-Privilege committed against Gilbert Dolben Esquire, actionsfordif-Member of this House, was presented to the Iloule, and r ar^*‘ read: Whereby he acknowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the same; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Stutecibe brought to the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

A Petition of Christopher Lyster was presented to the ciithew House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner is Election, duly returned a Member to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clithero, in the room of Anth.

Parker Esquire, deceased, in such manner as hath always been the constant Usage of returning Members to serveiu Parliament; and yet the Sheriff, by Confederacy, and in Breach of Trust, hath received another Indenture, which is ligned by Persons who have no Right to make any Return, whereby Fit ton Gerrard Esquire is returned a Member; and hath annexed the fame, together with the Petitioner's Indenture, to the Precept, and returned the same into the Crown-Office; by reason of which double Return the Petitioner is hindered to lit in this House: And praying, That a short Day may be appointed for hearing the Merits of the said Return.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Maynard's

Mr Holford: Elute.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight, deceased, late One of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England: To which they desire the Concurrence of this Iloule.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Mr. Smith, according to Order, presented to the House prevent-a Bill for Preventing of Frauds and Abuses in Buying and ing Stock-Selling of Parts and Shares in joint Stocks: And the jol,i»ng. fume was received; and read the Eirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers was Encouraging read the Second time. Privateer*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Bofeawen, Mr. Bockenham, Mr.

Beddingjcild, Sir Eliah Harney, Sir Cha. Sulky, Mr. Harley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Nicholas, Sir R. Onslmv, Sir Joseph Herne, Sir Jon.Jennings, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr.

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Slater, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Waller,

Mr. IJaictry, Mr. Burrington, Mr. Sir lto-

hert Durers, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Sir

Math. Andrewes, Colonel Perry, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Neale,

Mr. R. How, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. How, Mr.

Bowyer, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Runlet,

Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Tracers, Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Wm.Drake, Mr. Pupil Mr.

dtdph, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Ash, Lord Digby, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Jeffry cs, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Brewer, Sir Sam. Da sinned, Mr Colt)and all the Members that lerve for the Sea-Ports: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Privilege*-a person petitions for dif-char^e.

Clitheroe

Elediou.

Duty on Soapr

Capiatur

Fine.

Duchy of Cornwall Leafing.

Preventing Export of Wool, See.

10° — i Martin

A Petition of fflHkim Soad, in Custody of the Ser-i jeant at Arms, for affirming, and reporting a false and scandalous Reflect ion on this House, and on Sir Fraud

Massam, a Member thereof; was presented to the House, and read: Whereby he acknowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the fame; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered That the said Mr. Soader be brought to the Par of this House, and be discharged.

And being accordingly brought to the Bar, upon his Knees, he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of FittonGerrard Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of C.litheroe; and was returned by Indenture to the Sheriff of the County; who also received another Indenture of Return, whereby Christopher Lister is pretended to he elected; and hath returned both the said Indentures into the f Town-Office, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Pre-mi fes.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee of Elections and Privileges: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the house.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of Exon; and also of the Merchants, Sergetnakers, Clothiers, and Fullers of the said City and Parts adjacent; in the County of Devon; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, notwithstanding the Petitioners utmo'ft Endeavours, they can hardly support the Staple-Trade of the Woollen Manufactures, which is their Livelihood: That the Petitioners mider-stand, a Duty is intended to be laid upon Soap which is made of Tallow, and Salt: both which Commodities already pay an advanced Duty: The Soap mult neccfi'arily be used in manufacturing the Woollen Manufactury for Exportation: And praying, That a Duty upon Soap may be excused.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the said Duty upon Soap shall be brought in,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legat'd and

Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to take away the Proeefs for the Capiatur Fine in the several Courts at Westminster, with an Amendment: To

which Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable their Majesties to make Giants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Comu'all, or annexed to the fame; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of several Merchants, for themselves and others, trading to Bilbao and other Parts in was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in this House, intituled, An Act for preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for regulating the Factors in Blackwell hall; in which Bill there are feme Clauses which relate to the Petitioners Trade with Spaine, as they are informed: And praying, That they may he heard to Inch Part of the Bill as concerns them.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of

the said Petition be referred.....to w hom the said

Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from AfrUad the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Company; Af rican Company of England, was referred, he adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from Woollen the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive the Act, made Munuiac-in the l'irft Year of their Majestics Reign, to prevent the ture‘* Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; w as committed; he adjourned until WednesdayMorning next.

Ref deed, That this House will, upon Thar flay Morn- Willi For-ing next, lefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, feuurei> to consider further of the Bill for vetting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majestics, to be applied to the Use of the War.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ‘

confida'further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for feeuring certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made fir me Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Refoleed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 12* die Martii

6* Gulielnii et Mariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr Walter do go to the Lords, Reifying and acquaint them, That the Commons having patted xitl^of a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of William a BilL Stevensdccealed, for Payment of the Mortgage thereupon; and applying the Overplus for the Benefit of his Sons; who are infants; and there lying upon the Clerk's Table, at the same time, several other ingrossed Bills, in order to be read; by Mistake, the Title of the said Stci'ens Bill was indorsed upon a Bill of another Nature; and the same w as sent up to their Lordships: And therefore the Commons do desire, That the said Bill, so sent up to their Lordships, may he returned to them, that the Mistake may be rectified.

The house proceeded to take into Consideration the Capiatur Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Fme.

An ACr. for taking away the Proeefs for the Capiatur Fine in the several Courts of Westminster:

And the same were twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, That tins House hath agreed unto the said Amendments.

Then the House took into Consideration the Amend- perf, rt pir-ments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act donedot to repeal the Statute made in the Tenth Year of King *elun>"

Edu ard the Third, for finding Sureties for the good Abearing by him or her that hath a Pardon of Felony:

And the same were twice read; and are as follow;

21 2 Skin,

6 W.& M. 12° — 13° Martti.

*2$

«iU

t,

F,r.

rti.

iC,

J

U

»F

i/i

2 Skin, 19 L. after" Covert," insert "or Infant;" instead of " shall," read " or Infant."

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in respect of the said Amendments, by inserting, L. 20, after " for," " him or:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment so amended.

Ordered, That Mr. Brener do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

Special Bails. Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom the hill for settling the Methods of taking special Bails in the Court of KingVBcnch; and for the Filing, Filtering, and Docquctting of all such Bails, in the several Courts of Law at Westminster; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Delwsat Ordered.\ That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put

Elions honhhips in mind of the Bill to prevent Delays of

Proceedings at the Quarter Sessions of the Peace: And that Mr. Waller do carry the said Message.

Exporting An ingrossed Bill for the Exportation of Iron, Copper, bn, Copper, and Bell-Metal, was read the Third time.

Ac- Refilled, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be,

An Act for the Exportation of Iron, Copper, and Bell-Metal.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger ford do carry the Bill to the Lords; and dcfiie their Concurrence thereunto.

H.lpence A Petition of several Traders, and poor Inhabitants, ^ir# in and about the City of London. and Borough of South-uarlCy was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Halfpence and Farthings now current, being not worth above One Third Part of the intrinsick Value, are become so numerous, through the Avarice of Patentees, and the Multitude of Counterfeits, that the Petitioners can receive little other Money in Returns from petty C ountry Chapmen, or in the Way of their Retail Trade; and cannot put them olf again under Two or Three Shillings in the Pound Lois; whereby the Petitioners will be reduced to extreme Milery, unless some speedy Relief be given: And praying, That this House will addrds his Majesty, That, for the future, all Farthings and Halfpence may be made at the Mint, and as near the intrinsick Value as the Charge of Coinage will allow of.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir John Jenkinson,

Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Smith, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Blo-field, Sir William Scawen, Mr. Frauen, Sir Joseph Herne,

Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Gilbert, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Wm. Wogan, Mr. Cook, Sir Cha. Bloj/s, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Chtt-u-i/ud, Mr. England, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Waller, Lord Dfiby, Sir John Moreion, Mr. Figgot, Mr. Ryder, Colonel Ferry, Lord Pauict, Mr. Christy, Sir Robert Cotton,

Mr. Boscazcen, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Bickerstqffc, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Hunger ford, Sir/>'<?. Massam, Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hazvtry, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Lutterell,

Sir John Barker, Sir Edward Hussey; Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Math. Andravs: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

Vol. XI.

And they are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An.ingrossed Bill for Relief of the Orphans, and other London Creditors, of the City of London, was read the Third time. p^ian* And a Clause was, according to Order, presented to 14 the House, for Repayment of the sum of Two thousand Pounds, by the Bill allowed to be yearly paid for Seven Years, out of the Money appointed for the Use of the said Orphans and Creditors, towards defraying the publick Charges of the said City of London:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Re faired, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, Supply Bill; resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Duties on consider further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties ^c* certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Uecompences and Advantage-, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as ill a 11 voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thou- . sand Pounds, towards carrying on the W ar against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Idttit ton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 13° die Mar Hi;

6° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

P E TITIO Nof the T rading Fishmongers of London ^ering

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Fishermen That the Petitioners arc informed, a Bill is now passing for the Navy, this House for compelling Fishermen to come into their Majesties Service; which will be prejudicial to the Petitioners, as the same is nows draw n: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, before the Pafling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Frere's for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry Frere an Infant, Eft»te. to raise Monies for Inning and Recovering other Parts thereof now under W7ater; and for Payment of Debts charged thereon; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And the Title be agreed to.

Ordered, That Mr. Braver do cqrry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

A Petition of the Tradelmcn, Servants, and Labourers, Lord to the late Lord Stazvcll, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, divers considerable Allowances are made to the Lady Stawell and' her Daughter out of the Lord Stawelfs

K 1c Estate;

1

126

if- -140 Marin.

A. 1693.

Estate; tod no particular Care ils taken for Payment of the Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and for Confirmation Petitioners Debts, who are in great Want of their Money; of Leases and Grants already made; be rad the Third although the Lord Stawell's personal Estate amounts to time upon Saturday Morning next.

30,000l.; And pr&ying, That they may be paid out of

the personal Estate, or be allowed Interest for their just Ordered, That the Corisideration of the Report from Africa* Debts. the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Company.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of African Company of England was referred, be adjourned the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom tmtil Friday Morning next, the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, upon the ingrafted Eafeof Bill for the Ease of Jurors who serve at the Affixes for Juror3* England or Wales, be resumed upon Saturday Morning next

Payment of the Debts of John Lord Stawdi, lately de-cealed, is committed.

Recovering Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the more easy smallTythes. Recovery of small Tythes be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Committees not

the House adjourns

A Petition of sundry Merchants, Artificers, and others, Creditors of who have fold Naval Stores to the Navy and Ordnance, £"* Refolded, and Declared, That it is the oonftatit Rule was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

y,

fit after the Hour to which the House is adjourned, without the special Order of the House.

to fit after and Order of the House, That no Committee ought to the Petitioners, near Twelve Months after the Delivery of

House - Vt - 1' ' , T -; their Goods, were obliged to take Tallies for Payment,

by Two Thirds, of several additional Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other liquors, granted to their Ma-A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and jesties, until the tyth of May 1697: That the Petitioners Mr. Meredeth: are very well affined, that the Million of Money, given Mr. Speaker, to their Majesties by the find Duties of Excise, will not

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by be paid by the said 17th of May 1697: And praying, this House, to the Amendment made by their Lordships That the Duty of Excise may be continued until the said to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Tepeal the Statute, made Million, and Interest due thereon, shall be paid.

Persons pardoned of Felony.

Delays at Quarter-Se (lions.

Insolvent

Debtors-

hi the Tenth Year of King Edward the Third, for finding Sureties for the good Abearing of him or her that hath a Pardon of Felony: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Supply Bill, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole Duties on House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Salt*&t-

to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter-Sessions Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, is eom~ of the Peace, with feme Amendments: To which they writted, That they do prepare, and bring in, a Ckufe desire the Concurrence of this House: Also, of Credit, to make good the Deficiency of tire Money,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to be raised thereby, upon the next Aid to be granted by for the Explaining, and for the more effectual Execution, Parliament.;

of a former Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Privilege — a Person reprimanded and discharged.

Importing

Saltpetre.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

rf.-, r xt /Sir

Tellers for the Noes, U. c^w,.

*45*

}110*

Charles Stutevill Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at lenei s iur me rvoes, Shackerly:

Arms attending this House, was, according to Order, So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

brought to the Bar: Where, upOh his 'Knees, he received Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker. mittee of 'the whole House, That they do iprepare, and

Ordered, That the said Mr. Stutevdle be discharged out bring in, a Clause, That in case there shall be any Overplus

of Custody, paying his Fees.

An ingrossed Bill for the 'Importation of Saltpetre, for One Year, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, That no Person shall fell or barter for Saltpetre at above the Rate of Seventy Pounds per Ton:

And the same was read Three'times; and, upon the Question put thereupon,-agreed Unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the ' Bill doipafs: And that the Tide be, An Act for the Importation of Saltpetre, for One Year.

above One hundred and forty thousand Pounds per Ann. that the same be fifft applied to the, paying of the double Nine-pences upon the Excises, and afterwards towards carrying on the War.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ditto, resolved -itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littletontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker-resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas ZiV/Ze/onreported from the said Committee,

A]

la

Preventing

Stockjob-

bing.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Goodrich do carry the Bill That they had'gone through the Bill, and made, several to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. Amendments; which they had directed him to report,

when the House would please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Bill 'for preventing Frauds and Ordered, That the said Report be'made upon Friday Abuses in Buying and felling of Parts and Shares in joint Morning next.

I j

" .5

Stocks be read the Secohd time upon Thursday Morning next

Holt's Estate. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for divesting several Securities out of Andrew Fountaine Esquire, and others; and vesting the same in Trustees, for raffing and paying the Money upon the said Securities; and assigning the Residue of the Estate, incumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt Baronet; was committed; be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 14° die Martii;

Committee!.

' 6* Galidmi et Marias.

Pa'A'T E'RS.

Duchy fef Cornwall Leafing.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices,

Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Estate, for the Payment -of Debts; and to restrain and

disable

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Edward*' to enable Thomas Edwards to fell Part of his Estate'

':-'j

r

6 W. & M. 140 Martti.

ay

ddaMe bias to oooonnit Waftw upon the Residue of the

feid Estate; »* react the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be

Agreed to.

Ordered, That Sir Robert (fatten do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath Agreed to the fame, without: any Amendments.

Bmt'i An iagrofljsd BiW, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Matt. to enable Trustees to feW Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Brent Gentleman, deceased, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and Maintenance of his Children, who are Infants, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Waller, Sir Henry Gough, Sir Robert Mr. Mr.

Fenwick, Mr. Freeman, Sir Win. Cook, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Rolls, Mr. Freeke, Mr. Hung&ford, Mr. haugh, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Christy, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Bockenham, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Hedger, Mr.

Parsons, Sir Jo. Packinton, Mr. Sir Wm. Whit-

lock, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Dowdfioell, Sir Henry Fane, Mr. Hunt, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Machine, Mr. Cook, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Beale; and all the Members thatferve for the Counties of Warwick and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Ciock, in thp Speaker s Chamber.

A. Turner's Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Elan. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Tmftees of Alice Turner Widow, and her Children, to make % le of certain Houses and Grounds in or-near Lincoln s-Jm-Fields, in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of the younger Children, was committed, That they had examined and oonftdered the iaaie and the Petition of Hassel, which was re-

ferred to the said Committee; and had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, -with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, , and agreed unto by House; and is as followeth;

Prest 5. JL. 2, After " -King," jnfert " Queens."

Twer A Bill for the better settling and regulating the Militia Jhiiua* w^in the Tower Hamlets was read the Eirll time.

‘" Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Recovering An ingrossed Bill for the more.ealy (Recovery of finall Snulll/the'. Tythes vvas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the more.ealy Recovery oftfmall Tythes.

Ordered, That Sir John Key do oarry the BilLto the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Disciplining A Bill for the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy ut \ivy. Royal was read the Second time.

.Resolved, That ithe - Bill be committed to Mr. John Smith, Sir Walter Foung, Afr. P. Foley, Mr. Christy, Sir

John (Barker, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Gwyti, Sir John More-ton, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Clark, Sir Geroas Elwes, Mr. Harley, Sir Tho.Vernon, Sir R. Onslow, Mr. Fre/cc,.Colonel Churchill, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Jof Heme, Sir Cha.Bloys, Mr. Gray,.Mr. Hutchinson,

Fenwick, Mr. Papillkm, Mr. Bickersttffe, Sir Ben. New-laid, Sir Tho. Clarges, 'Sir John Key, Sir grmie, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Cand all-the Members that serve for the Port-Towns: And they are to meet at Four «f the Clock . this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

tail of lit The House, according to the Order of the Day, was Hwfc called over:

And the Names of such as made Default were called over a Second time.; and the Absence of several of them excused, by reason of Sickness.

Vot,. XI.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredbe excused of his Attendance for Fourteen Days.

Ordered, That Mr. Stawell be excused of his Attendance for Two Days.

Ordered, That Sir Ijdac Rebow be excused of his At* tendance until Monday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Pelham be excused of his Attendance until thU Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Henry Mannaton Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

The Question being put, That Hugh Fortescue Esquire be now sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament;

The House divided.

I'he Noes go forth.

Teller, ford* Yea,{$£ jgS? }'«

}S6.

So ft vas resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Sir Francis Drake be now sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Resolved, That Thomas Strangways Eifquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms Attending this Hou<e, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

The Question being put, 'jThat Henry Hening Esquire be now sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, (\£mS:}*'*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That George Moreland Esquire be now sent forjn Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for abfeuting himself from his Service in Parliament,

Resolved, That Sir Mark Milbank be now lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Resolved, That Richard Staynes Esquire be now sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Resolved, That Sir Francis Winingtan be now sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Resolved, That Mr. Serjeant Rlincoe be now sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Resolved, That Sir Edw. Rhclips , be now sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Refolded, That Thomas Windham Esquire be now sent for jn Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, [for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

vRefolved, That Sir Robert Owen Re. now sent for in Custody of the -Serjeant at Anns attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service, in Parliament.

Ordered, That.‘Mr. JJcrung have a.Fortnight's time to attend ,his -Service in the House;,it appearing to this House,.that he was ill of the Stone.

Ordered, That the House be called over again Tomorrow Sevennight; And that such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in the: Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from Woollen Ma-the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive the Act, made nufacture*. in the.First Year of their Majesties Reign, to prevent the

Exportation

128 14° — 15

Exportation of Wdol; and for encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; was committed; be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

- Jovis, 15" die Martii;

6° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Maynard'* A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Afit

Estate. ii for settling the Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight,

deceased, late one of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of , was read the

First time.

Rejoiced', That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and

Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

Axe Bridge. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the making a Bridge over the River Axe, in the County of Somerset, without any Amendments: Also, Beverley's The Lord have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Estate. vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverley

in Huntingtons},tire, to be sold: To which they desire the

Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of William Lee, on the behalfof Francis Lee his Brother now beyond the Seas, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Francis Lee was Tutor to the late Lord Stair ell, and was very assistant to him in his Studies for Nine Years; for which his Lordship did, by Deed under Hand and Seal, grant an Annuity to the said Francis for his Life; and obliged himself, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, to see the same paid: That the Petitioner is informed, a Bill is now in this House for Payment of the Debts of John Lord Starcell, and fears there is no Provision therein made for the Payment of his Brother's laid Annuity: And praying. That his Brother's Annuity may not be prejudiced by the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of John Lord Staiccll, lately deceased, is committed.

Preventing A Bill for preventing of Frauds and Abuses in Buying Stockjobbing an(j geiijnir of Parts and Shares in joint Stocks was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Chr. grave, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Walter Young, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Clark, Lord Mr. Smith, Mr. Freeman, Sir Mr. England,

Sir Stev. Evans, Lord Cutis, Mr. Done, Mr. Palmes, Sir Fra. Gibbon, Sir John Banks, Mr. Mr. Bromley,

Sir Jos. Herne, Mr. Foley, Sir Isaac Mr. Hunger-

ford, Mr. Sharkerly, Sir Art?. Flats, Mr. IValler, Colonel Perry, Mr. Randoll, Mr. Sir Math. Andreas, Mr. Runlet, Mr. Mr. Hutchinson, Mr.

Pollexfen, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Slater, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Chad-aide, Mr. Mr. Christy, Mr.

Sim.Smith, Mr. Lutlerell, Sir Roger Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Burrard, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Foot Onslow, Mr. and all

the Members of the House that are Merchants; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, and Papers.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lord

Sta. well's

Eilat*.

0 Martii. A. 1693.

Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill to prevent j)eia-g at Delays of Proceedings at the Quarter-Sessions of the Quarter-Peace: Session*.

And the Yame were twice read: and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

1 Skin, 31 L. after "that," read "in Term-time."

32 L. after " whatsoever," add "at the Prosecution " of any Party indifited."

35 L. instead of " or any Order or Proceeding re- " lating the reunto," read " before Tryal had."

2 Skin, 3d L. leave out " particularly mentioning the " Offence in the said Indifitment or Presentment."

5 L. leave out from " shall" to " two," in the 8th Line; and read " find;" and instead of " whereof," read " thereof."

8th L. after " Manucaptors," add " who shall enter " into a Recognizance ljefore one or more Justices of the " Peace of the County or Place."

9 L. after " Pounds" add " with Condition at the Return of such Writ." \

12 L. in stead of " carry," read " cause and procure the " Issue that shall be joined upon ;" and instead of " down " to Tryal," read " or any Plea, relating the reunto, to be " tried."

3d Skin, 35 L. after " Sureties," insert " to be hound " in such 1‘ums ;" and after " and, " insert " with such."'

37 L. for " carry," read " cause and procure the Issue " joined upon;" and for " Tryal," read " be tried."

41 L. leave out from "taxed' to "as" in the 42d Line.

At the End of the Bill, add, " Provided always, and be " it Enafited, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any " Indifitment or Pu-fentment be against any Person or " Persons, for not Repairing of any Highways, causeys,

" Pavements, or Bridges, and the Right or Title to " repair the same may come in Question, upon such " Suggcl'tion, and Affidavit made of the Truth thereof,

" a Certiorari may be granted, to remove the same into " the Court of King's Bench; any Law or Statute to " the Contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided " nevertheless, That the Party or Parties prosecuting " such Certiorari shall find Two Manucaptors, to be " hound in a Recognizance, with Condition as aforesaid:

" Provided always, and be it Enafiled, by the Authority " aforesaid, That this Act shall continue, and he in force,

" for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the " next Session of Parliament, and no longer."

Ordered, That Mr. Fenwick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this Iloule hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, his Lady being dangeronfly ill. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Slater have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Daughter being dangerously ill.

A Motion being nn<le, and the Question being put, That Sir Jonathan Raymond have Leave to go into the

Country for Ten Days, to the Interment of his Lady's Mother;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j^/ '

Tellers for the Noes, {Mr‘

f.ur. England:

So it passed in the Negative.

9 4-

97-

Leave of Abfeace.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Disfranrhi-whom the Bill to disable the Borough of in finS Stock-

the County of Southampton, for fending Burg effes to serve j,rlJge,v in Parliament for the future, was committed, be taken °r°' into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself protestant« into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Nat. the Bill for the Naturalization of such Prolestants as shall

take

fl

1 v

r s .1

fT '

;u

Jo

li

;{\f.J

... 1

s ",.

1

?J:i

r. Leav. A.*."';

huw

.1

6 \V. a* M.

15 — 1<5° — 17°

T2p

take the Oaths to their j\ffrjesties, and the Tell against The House proceeded to take into Consideration the African Popery, was read; Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Company.

And the Quel'tion being put, That Mr. Speaker do the Royal African Company of England was referred:

Bow leave the Chair; And the Flrib Resolution of the said Committee was

The House divided. Tile Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

4

Mr. Wharton Sir Tho. Travell:

Tellers for the Noes,

101.

read. t

Resobed, That the further Consideration of the Report be adjourned uhdl Tuesday Morning riext.

said

142

Harley:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Jnfh

Forfeitures.

Oumitteei

The Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill, for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War, was read.

The Articles of Limerick were read.

Resolved, That the said Articles be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

The Articles oiGdlloway were read.

Resolved, That the said Articles be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the w hole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufilion to the said Committee of the whole House, That they do prepare, and bring in, a Clause to the said Bill, for the setting up a Court of Claims in I'reland: And allb. That they do prepare, and bring in, a borrowing Clause to the said Bill.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolvfed itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may hare Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this floulc will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

brdered \That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the Hdufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Supply Bill Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences And Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying oh the War again was committed. That they had considered the lame, and the Petitions to them referred; and had made fevera Amendments, and added several Clauses to the 1^11; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read though-out.

And the said Amendments, and several of the Clauses; being severally read a Second time, one by one, were with feme Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

Ah Exception being taken, That several long Clauses,

were brought in to the said Committee; and also several '

Clauses brought in, in the same Paper, as if the same was one Clatife; and admitted by the said Committee, and directed to be reported to the House;

Ordered, That Sir C/ir. Musgrave, Mr. Mountague, Sir Tho. Charges, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Foley, do prepare, and bring in, an Entry, upon the Debate of the House, to be made in the Journal relating the reunto.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.

fColonel Cornwall, s,\Mr. Boyle:

109.

132.

Veneris, 16° die Martii;

6* Gulielmi et Marife.

Praters.

fiRDERED, That Sir Winirifton, in Cuf-

jt'rgjd tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this1 House, iwiody. for a^nting himself from life Service in Parliament, be discharged Out of Culiody, paying his Peei.

Tellers for the ^'^ujfhnMammring:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of, and Debate of, the said Report be adjourned Until Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees,

And, then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Turners fat.

herley'i

u

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees 6f Alice Turner Widow, and lifer Children, to make Sale of certain Houses and Ground in or near Lintoliis-Inh-Fields, in the COlmty Of Mid-

dlesex, during the Minority of the younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Rill db pafsr.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do cany the Bill to thfe Lords, and acquaint theni; That this House hkth agreed to the fame, With an Amertdmenf: To whiChArhendment they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed' Bill; from the Lords, intitulddi' An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverley in Huntingtonshire, to be sold, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. XI.

Sabbat i, 17* die Martii;

6* Gulielmi et Marise.

Praters.

MR. Fenwick repotted from the Committee, to whom Vexations life Bill for the Amendment of the'La'ws, In taxing Suits. Colls, and preventing Suits for involuntary Trespasses,

Was committed, That they hid made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed hi'ni1 to report to the/

House: whifch he read ip his Plate, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered ih‘ at the Clerk's.Table:

Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time,- one by one; attef,' upon the Quefrion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And feme other Amendment^ wCrC, by the tioufe, rhade to the Bill!

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments; ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee^ to whom Registry of the Bill for registring Memorials of Deeds, Feoffments, Deads.

L1 Conveyances,

130

17° Martii.

A Person petitions to be dif-scharged.

Conveyances, and Wills, was committed, be made upon Thursday Mo ning next.

The Petition of Michael Tooley, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arm§ attending this House, which w as formerly presented to the House, and laid on the Table, was read; w hereby he aclyiowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the lame.

A. 1693.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Taxing of Irish Salt:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read; It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

Ordered, That the said Michael Tooley be brought to for the Removing of Rock-Salt:

Holt'sEstate.

the Bar on Monday Morning next, in order to his Discharge.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for divesting several Securities out of Andrew Founteine Esquire, and others; and vesting the fame in Trustees, for railing and paying the Money upon the said Securities; and assigning the Residue of the Estate, incumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Duty to be paid for Salt already contracted for: And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill;

Baronet; was committed; be made upon this Day Sc- for the Commissioners to do their Duties on a. Penalty:

Duchy of Cornwall Leafing.

Supply Bill; Duties on Salt, Beer, &c.

vennight, at Ten a Clock in the Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of or annexed

to die lame; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Duchy of Cor annexed to the lame; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made.

Ordered, That Mr. Travers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resumed the adjourned Consideration, and Debate, of the Report of the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France:

And Clause K was read a Second time; and, with feme Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

Clauses L and M were severally read a Second time; and agreed unto by the House.

An Amendment being proposed to be made in the Bill, Fo. 7. L. 4, by leaving out the Words of the Oath to be made of having paid the Duty upon Salt;

The Question was put, That the said Words do stand Part of the Bill.

_ The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Culliford,

Onslow:

Tellers for the Yeas

/Mr.

'/Mr.

121.

70.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Member of this House shall be concerned in the Duty:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, w'ith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. Meredeth and Mr. Keck;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the veiling the Third Part of the Manor of Leckby, alias Lathy, and other Lands, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling a Farm, and other Lands, in Tcrling and Much-Lcighs, in the County of Essex, of greater Value, to and upon the same Ul'es: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Debate, upon the ingrossed Bill for the Ease of Jurors who shall Ierve at the Assizes for England and Wales, be resumed upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving the Act, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for the preventing the Exportation of Wool; and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom ;....

be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next, af ter the Consideration of the Report of the Bill for disabling the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to

fend Burge lies to serve in Parliament for the future, is over.

Leckby

Manor*

Ease of Jurors.

Woollen Manufacture*.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching the Weighing of Salt in Cheshire:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which Ordered, That Mr. Tankred, Sir John Knight, Mr. Preventing was filled up by the House. Churchill, Lord Hide, Colonel Cornwall, Sir Robert , 1°

_ And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, Wr- Harley, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Price, Mr. Chetwynd, ">S' agreed by the House to be made Part of the Bill. Mr. Mr. be added to the Committee,

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for to w hom the Bill for preventing of Frauds and Abuses in the using Salt from England in the Curing of Fish taken in Buying and Selling of Parts and Shares in joint Stocks is

committed: And that all the Members of the House that come to the said Committee have Voices.

the Narrow Seas

And the same was once read.

Aud the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill . touching the Refining of Salt:

1 And the same was twice read.

And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning Nine a Clock.

6 W. & M.

19° Martii.

Luna, 19° die

6° Gulielmi ct Mariac.

Prayers.

A N ingrolfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act jjuic. Jx. for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir

Beverly, in Huntingtonshire, to be sold, was read the Se-coad time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Lit-tletou, Mr. LuttereU, Mr. Walter, Sir Kdzv. Abney, Sir Rowland Gxtyn, Mr. Brener, Mr. Travers, Mr.

Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Campion, Mr. Mr. Palmes,

Mr. Bigot, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gee, Sir Jerv. Blurs, Mr. Clark, Mr. Burdct, Colonel Mr. Sir John

Pays, Mr. Hungerjord, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Price, Mr.

Rbj'.eh/, Mr. Harley, Mr. Sir Young,

Mr. Prd>y, Mr. Cook, Sir John Barker, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Mater, Mr. England, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Barrington, Mr. FaukeMr. Ash, Sir John Mr. Arnold, Mr. Christy, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Poltexfen, Alajor Perry, Mr. Pollen, Sir Robert Rich, Air.

It 'kart on, Sir Tho. Travcll, Sir Sam. Dashzcood, Sir Guibon, Sir Step. Evans, Mr. Freeman, Sir Sem en, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Wm. York, Sir Herne; and

all the Alcuibers that serve for the Counties of

ford, Huntington, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at l our of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

[Mb* An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Uauor. for the vesting the Third Part of the Manor of

alias Letby, and other Lands, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling a Farm, and other Lands, in Terling and Muin the County of Essex, of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

MJvrnt The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Dtbiure. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for the Explaining, and for the more effectual Execution, of a former Act for Relief of poor Prisoners:

And the same were read; and are as follow'; viz.

1 Skin, 23 L. alter the first " of," add " pretended."

36 L. leave out " have Reason to believe," and in-

fert " the Commitments or Books belonging to the said " Prison; and that by them it doth appear." '

2 Skin, 4 L. leave out from " Ninety," to " and, " in the 6th L.

9 L. after " taken," add " he being thereto required;

" unless it shall appear by the* Commitments and Books " belonging to the said Prison, that the Person to whom " Rich Oath is required, was not really and truly a Prisoner in the Custody of the said Gaoler and Keeper,

" according to the Tenor of the Oath above-mentioned:

" And that otherwise the said Gaoler or Keeper, Gaolers " or Keepers, for his or their lo refilling to take such " Oath, shall forfeit and pay to such Prisoner so about " to be discharged and released from Prison, and thereby "detained, the Value of such Debt or Debts for which " be or she shall be impril'oned; to be recovered by " Action of Debt, in any their Majesties Courts of " Record; and."

2 Skin, 35 L. leave out of their respective Offices " and Interests;" and read " the Value of the Debt to " be recovered as aforesaid."

3 Skin, 2 L. leave out from " aforesaid," to " Provided," in the 21 Line.

And the First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in respect thereof; Pr. 1. L. 36, before " have," to leave out ' "and."

Vol. XL

1

131

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment so amended.

The Third and Fourth Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in respect thereof; Preis 2. L. 35, to leave out Forfeiture," and insert " forfeiting."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment so amended.

The lait Amendment, being read a Second time, was, /

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Boxnjer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with feme Amendments made thereunto: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for settling the Method of taking Special Bail*. Special Bails in the Court of Kings-Bench; and for the Filing, Entering, and Docquctting of all Special Bails in the several Courts of Law at Westminster; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for settling the Method of taking Special Bails in the Court of King's-Bench; and for the Filing, Entering, and Docquctting, of all Special Bails in the several Courts of Law at Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the better Provision of the Poor, and setting Poor Relief, them on Work, was read the Second time.

R esolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of the said Bill, after the Report of the Bill for divetting several Securities out of Aiulrcw

Founteinc Esquire, and others; and vesting the same in Trustees, for raising and paying the Money upon the said Securities; and assigning the llefidue of the Estate, incumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt Baronet.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve Ways and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Means, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majestics, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majestiea, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

30° MaftU.

133

Mariis, 20* die Martii j 6* Gulielmi Marias.

pRATEBS.

A Person J^fflckael Tooley was, according to Order, brought to

reprimanded the Bar: Where, upon his Knees, he received a

Parted Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Michael Tooley be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Bury St. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Edmund's the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for elect-Wl"* ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury St. Edmonds in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Henry G Esquire, deceased.

Maynard's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for settling the Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight, deceased, late one of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England, was read the Second time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Givyn, Sir John Barker, Lord , Mr. Gwynn, Lord Sherrard, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brockman, Lord Colchester, Sir JVm. Ellis, General Talmash, Sir John Bolles, Sir Gerv. Elives, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Pcndarces, Sir Richard Onslcrw, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Ogle, Sir William Cook, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Davenant, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Christie, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Campion, Mr. Ash, Mr. Bere, Mr. Bade, Mr. Mr.

Tredenham, Si t Hen.Ashurst, Mr. Lord Bellamont,

Sir Roger Puleston, Mr. England, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Slater, Mr. Ryder, Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Vincent, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Isaac Rebate, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Dolben, Mr.

Mr. Henly, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Tayler, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Burridge, Mr. Travers, Mr. May, Sir John Turner, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Walter, Mr. Kirby, Lord Cutts, Sir Drake, Sir Cooper, Colonel Granvill, Mr. Bcdingfield, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Price, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harley, Mr. Piggot, Mr.

Mr. Lutterell; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, Norfolkc, Suffolke, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon> at Four of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Pit:

Mr. Speaker,

Chaplin's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Susan Chaplin, and Dorothy Chaplin her Daughter, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for the said Susan and Dorothy, without any Amendments: Also,

A. Turner's They have agreed to the Amendment, make by this Estate. House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of Alice Turner Widow, and her Children, to make Sale of certain Houses and Ground in or near Lincoln's-Inn-Fields, in the County of Middlesex, during the Minority of the younger Children: Also,

Mildmay'g They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate. veil the Estate of MaryrEliz. Jane, Arabella, Lucy, and Anne Mildmay, in Trustees, to be sold for Satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon; and preserving the Overplus, for their Benefit; with lbme Amendments: To which Amendments their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew

Preventing A Petition of several Merchants, on behalf of them-Stockjob- selves, and divers other Merchants and Tradesmen in and 1 t>* about the City of London, and elsewhere, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a Bill is now depending in the House for preventing Abuses in felling

A. 1693.

Interests in joint Stocks: That if the same should pass into a Law as it is now worded, it would be of dangerous Consequence; and a Means to ruin Trade: And praying.

That they may be heard by their Counsel to oiler their Reasons against the Passing of the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Oxon was Preventing presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Export of the Petitioners were lately informed, That a Bill is now 00 ' c‘ in this House for preventing the Exportation of Wool,

Fulling and Scouring Earth, by altering the Penalty; and for better regulating the Blackwell-hall Factors; whereby the Petitioners are obliged to fell their Cloth at Blackwell-hall, and no where eli'e; which is contrary to the Course of Trade in which the Petitioners were bred up, and which they do not understand: That they ought to be encouraged in their Trade, and have the Liberty to fell in the best way they can; and not be restrained by the said Bill:

And praying, That the said Bill may be rejected; or that they may be heard against the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majestics certain Supply Bill Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and ^"ties 00 other Liquors, for securing certain Recom pences and i5tt c' Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were severally proposed to be made; viz.

Press 8. L. last, to leave out<e the," and insert " yours."

Pr. # after " or," to insert " that hereafter shall be " granted by."

* After " Excise," to insert " not exceeding the " present Number in each Office."

Pr. 10. L. 37, to leave out " in order to export the " same beyond Seas; or."

And the same Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made; Pr. 7.

L. 28, after the Word " export," to insert " into Ireland,

" or:"

And the Question being put. That the House do agred to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, touching Rock-Salt refined:

And the same was twice read, and amended by the House.

And then the same was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the Claul'e be made

Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^U^larke'-011"^ j

Wersfor theNoes/^W. }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That all Salt upon Salt shall pay for every Gallon, with a Blank:

And the same was once read.

117.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That' no Salt shall be used for the Curing of Fish taken in the Narrow Seas, but such as hath paid the Duty of the A«5t, with a Blank for the Forfeiture:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Another

6 W. & M. 26" — 2i

Another ingossed Clausewas offered, as a Rider, That the Duties upon Salt in the County of Durham and

thumberland thal I he paid at the Rate of Pounds

Weight to every Gallon:

And the Question l>eing put, That the Clause be read j

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, That Thomas Neall, Esquire, may be employed in the Management of the Advantages given the Contributors upon the Act:

And the same was read Three times; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill;

Rfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for feenring certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Bill mentioned, to l'uch Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards the carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That Sir ThonlaLittleton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

fltyiand The House, according to the Order of the Day, re->leu». solved itltll into a Committee of the whole Lloule, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be grunted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Laud-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee* Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Rifoloed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Diifran- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Stodbridoe 'v^om ^le Bill for dil'abling the Borough of borough.= in the County of Southampton, to lend Burgesses to l'erve in Parliament for tire future, was committed, be taken into Conlidci-ation on Thursday Morning next.

lima Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ‘"W- whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

'Wien Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving the Act, made in the First Year m of their Majesties Reign, for preventing the Exportation of Wool; and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Conaitas. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 21" Marlii;

G* Gulielmi ct Mariae.

PltAYEKS.

A N ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act il for the vesting the Third Part of the Manor of Leckby, alias Letby, and other Lands, in the County of York, iu Trustees, to be sold; and for settling a Farm, and other Lands, in Ter/ing and in the County of Essex, of greater V alue, to and upon the same Uses; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller, Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Christy, Sir York, Mr. Proby, Vo L. XI.

i9 Mar Hii *3$

Mr. Cooke, Mr. Harviiy, Sir Wm.Drake, Sir

Mr. Haiti/, Mr. Frewcn, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Bowyer,

Mr. England, Mr. White, Sir Steph. Evans, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Burtlet, Mr. Dry dm, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Aloreton, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Shdckerly, Mr. Bockenham, Mr. Trarers, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Thornhattgh,

Sir John Bolls, Mr. Speke, Mr. LuttereU, Sir Wm Cooke,

Colonel Titus, Mr. Palmes; and all the Members of the House that serve for the Counties of York and And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Elis.Maynard, Widow, was pretented to Maynard'#

the House, and read; lotting forth, That there being a Bill now depending in this House for settling the Estate of Sir John Maynard, Knight, deceased, late one of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England;and the Petitioner having several Demands

on the said Estate; llie opposed the passing of the said Bill in the House of Lords, until the Lord Stamford and Sir Hat. Hobart, who married Two of the Grand-daughters of Sir John Maynard, proposed an Annuity of 3 50/. for the Petitioner's Life, free of all Taxes; and agreed to execute a Writing for that Purpose: That a Writing hath been accordingly prepared; and the said Earl and Sir Henry attended therein; but they delay the Execution thereof: And praying, That the said Bill may not pals until the said Conveyance shall be executed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Mildmayli Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to vest the Estate of Mary, Jane, Arabella,

Lucy, and Ann Mildmay, in Trustees, to be sold for Satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon: and preserving the Overplus for their Benefit.

And the same w ere twice read; and agreed unto by the House: and are as follow; viz*

Press 4. L. -28. after "Years," insert "and which "laid Arabella is since married to Edward Dixie, Gentleman."

L. 39. after " Jane?leave out "Arabella? arid insert " Edward Dixie, and Arabella his Wife, in her Right,

" and."

Press 5. L. 11. the same Amendment.

L. 12. after " they," insert " the said Daughters."

L. 19. after "and," leave out "lieth joint with Five " other Infants, who cannot divide the same by Law and, instead thereof) insert "liesundivided with the Shares " of the other Five Sifters, being Infants."

L. 28. after "Jane? leave out and in-

fert " Edward Dixie, and Arabella his Wife, and."

L. 29. after "on," insert "out of the Premises."

L. 39. after "Jane," leave out "Arabella? and insert " Eduard Dixie, and Arabella his Wife, and."

L. 40. after "of," leave out "and into;" and insert " in and to."

45. after " Fitz-Water? leave out "Sir "of Upton in the County of Northampton, Baronet."

Pr. 6. L. 8. alter' " Fitz-Walter? leave out "Sir " Thomas Samvell."

L. 13. after "all," leave out "the Right, Title, Id*

" tcreft, Claim, and Demand, of Mary, Eliz. Jane,

" Arabella, Lucy, and Anne Mildmay, either in Law or Equity, of, in, or to, the said Manor, Messuages,

" Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so velted in " them i or otherwise defeended unto themand, instead thereof, insert " and the absolute Inheritance and " Fee-simple of the said Hereditaments and Premises."

L. 24. alter " other," leave out " the Infants;' and insert " her said Sifters."

I.. 28. after "Jane? leave out " and inf-

fert "and Edward Dixie, and Arabella his Wife, and."

L. 31. after "Years," insert "and to the said Edward

" Dixie, and Arabella his Wife."

A1 m t. 32-

ai° — -22

L. 32. after u Jane' leave out

L. 36- after "Filz-tValUr," leave out "Sir 7 % o. &w-

" bk/A"

39. after " forth," insert "fo much of."

40. after " Surplusage," leave out " which flia.ll " remain, arising by such Saleand, instead thereof, insert "as shall appertain to the said Infants unmarried."

L. 42. after "the," leave out "said," and insert " fame."

Pr. 7. L. 8. after "Jane?leave out "Arabella-," and insert "Edward Dixie, and Arabella his Wife,

" and."

In the Title after " Eliz." add " andand, instead

of " Arabella read " Mildmay, and Edward Dixie, and

" Arabella his Wife, and."

Ordered, That Sir IVm. Ydo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

' Martiu A. 1693.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they might have Leave to fit again.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report from the Committee of the whole House, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Leather-

cutting.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Stevens'*

Estate.

Vexatious

Suits.

The House took into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual a Statute made in the First Year of King the First, concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and others occupying the Cutting of Leather, was committed:

And the Amendments made to the Bill by the said Committee were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Ritt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Explaining, and for the more effectual Execution, of a former Act for Reliet

/Sir Robert Edon, \

(Mr. Waller: J

[Sir Ra. Can', 1

\Mr. Thornhaw: J ‘

Jervis, 22° die Martii;

6*Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thomas was presented Beverly'*

to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Pcti- Elu*le-tioner understands, there is a Bill now in this House for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James in

Huntingtonshire, to be sold for Payment of Debts: That the Petitioner is a Creditor of James Beverly, Grandson of the said Sir James, for 111, by Simple Contract: And praying, That Care may be taken for Satisfaction of his said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of George Hawes was presented to the House, Ditto, and read; setting forth, That James Beverly, Grandson of Sir James Beverly, is indebted to the Petitioner 29/.

18$. on Simple Contraft: That there is a Bill now depending in this House for vesting the Estate of the said Sir James Beverly in Trustees, to be sold: And praying,

That the Petitioner's said Debt may be secured, as the other Creditors are.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

of poor Prisoners: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate A Petition of John was presented to the House, Ditto,

of William Stevens, deceased, for the Payment of the an(j read; setting forth, That Thom. Beverly, Son and Mortgage thereupon; and applying the Overplus for jqeir of Sir James Beverly, is indebted to the Petitioner the Benefit of his Sons, who are Infants; with feme 27/. isis. 4; and James Beverly, Son of the said Tho. Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of lately deceased, is indebted upon Bond 127/.; and 40/. this House. more upon Simple Contrafit: That there is now depend-

And then the Aleftengers withdrew. ing in this House a Bill for vesting in Trustees the Estate

late of the said Sir James Beverly, to be sold; whereby no An ingrossed Bill for preventing frivolous and vexatious Provision is made for Payment of the Petitioner's laid

Suits was read the T bird time. Debt: And praying, That the House will take such Care

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title as that the Petitioner may be satisfied.

be, An Act for preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Ordered, That Air. It alter do carry the Bill to the j,e referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. committed.

Ways and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Means. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year

1694.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Refutations; which they bad directed him to report, when the House would plcate to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

A Petition of James Harding was presented to the Ditto. House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, there is a Bill now depending in this House for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverly, to be sold for Payment of Debts: That James Beverly, Grandson of the said Sir James, is indebted to the Petitioner 29/. 17 s.on Simple Contract: And praying, That such Provision may be made by the said Bill, as the Petitioner may be paid his said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments Stevens' made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale LIII*w 21 of

Tower

Himlets

llilitia.

London

Orphans

Fund

Icnflry i Dc«L

Ditto.

h Member

Cikhar^d

tanCuiuxiy.

Man*

eking

fofkbridge

krwgh.

6 W. # M. 22*

of the Estate of William Stevens, deceased, for the Payment of the Mortgage thereupon; and applying the Overplus for the benefit of his Sons, who are Infants: And the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; vis.

Pr. 1. L. 28. for " Barker," read "Baker."

Pr. 2. L. 4. for " Barker," read " Baker."

Ordered, That Colonel Per Jo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this Iloule hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Bill for the better settling and regulating the Militia in the Toner Hamlets was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Lutterell, Colonel Perry, Sir Eduard Htifey, Mr. Price, Lord Digby, Sir Fra. Guibon, Mr. Bigot, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Cook, Sir William York, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Sir Robert

Eiio/i, Mr. Proven, Mr. England, Mr. Mr.

Roberts, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Henley, Mr. Burrard,

Mr. Hedger, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Waller, Mr. Christy, Mr. Bofcau en, Colonel Titus, Mr. Brewer; and all the Members that serve for the City of London, and County of Middlesex:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, and Papers.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr* Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of tire Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for registering Memorials of Deeds, Feoffments, Conveyances, and Wills, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read the First time.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon TueJ'dayMorning next.

A Petition of Andrerv Young, and Edmund

Deputy-Clerks of the Inrollments in Chancery, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the foie Business of the Inrollment-Oftiee in Chancery, is only for the inrrolling Conveyances of Estates; is an ancient Office, and very ufciiil to the Subject: That if the Bill for registring Memorials of Deeds, &c. should pal's into a Law, it will be a total Ruin to their said OtHce, and a Deprivation of the Petitioners Freehold therein: And praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, before the Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Report shall be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Colonel Slrangcw in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The House took into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for disabling the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, to lend

Burgefl'es to lerve in Parliament for the future, was committed:

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And some other Amendments made by the House to the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by inlcrting " Alton" into the Bill:

Vol. XL

Martin 13 5

And the Question being put. That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by inserting " llumfey"into the Bill:

And the same was, upon the Quftion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House!

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill be not read the Third time till after Twelve a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Supply. Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand six hundred Ninety-four, a further Imposition, over and above the Duties already payable, be laid upon Wine.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Twelve Pounds per Tun be laid upon all Wines in the Hands of the Merchants or Vintners; and all that shall be imported; to be paid by the Retailer.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty of Twelve Pounds per Tun upon Wines be granted to their Majesties for the Term of Four Years and an Half, to commence from the 25th Day of March 1694.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, a further Imposition, over and above the Duties already payable, be laid upon Wine;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {^4"' }.tt

Tellers for the Noes, } .45-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second and Third Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions; and that the said Duty upon Wine shall be in lieu of the Duties to be raised upon Soap and Leather;

The Question was put, That the Words " and that " the said Duty upon Wine shall be in lieu of the Duties " to be raised upon Soap and Leather," do stand Part of the Question:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then, the main Question being put;

Resolved, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that the said Duty upon Wine shall be in lieu of the Duties to be raised upon Soap and Leather.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The House being informed of some Words of Heat, The Hour* and a Quarrel, that had been between Mr. Wharton and Mr. Scubellin the House; Quariel,

Ordered, That the said Mr. Wharton and Mr. Scobell be enjoined by this House not to take Notice of any Mistake, or Quarrel, that has happened between them in

the

the House; anil that tlfey tto pursue the same no further; and be severally enjoined to Hand up in their Places, and declare the same to the House.

And they were severally enjoined accordingly:

And they severally declared, That they would submit to the Order of the House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 23° die Martii;

Ordered, That Mr. Beddingfield have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Call of tb«

Morning next: And that fuel) Members as shall not then JLmfe. attend, not having Leave to be absent, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant Arms attending this House.

Ordered That the select Committee, to whom the Hairing Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year M,lltia* 1694, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid,.....be discharged.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

6® Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

Raising A BIL L for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for (he

Militia^ ±\_ Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, al-

though the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid, was read the Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. infon, Mr. Bofcaucn, Mr. Mr. Sir

Cha. Raleigh, Mr. BrockmSir Fra. , Sir Robert

Dovers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Clarke, Lord Com-

bury, Mr. England, Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Dowdeswell, Lord Norries, Mr. lladey, Mr. Mr. Slater, Mr.

Beare, Sir JVm. Cook, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mr. Hop-

kins, Mr. Lutlercll, Mr. White, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Bailey, Mr. , Mr.

Wharton, Colonel lit us, Mr. Sir William

Cooper, Sir Eduard Huffey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Clippers of Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Coin. the Bill for the better Discovery of Clippers of the Coin

of this Kingdom was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'cd.

O

Beverly's A Petition of Mary Sayer Widow was presented to the

Eftute. House, and read; letting forth, That Thomas

Esquire, by Recognizance, became bound to the Petitioner's Hulbaud, to whom Hie is Executrix, in the Penalty of 600 Z. for Payment of 309/.; which, with the Arrears of Interest now due, amounts to 512/.: That a Bill has passed the House of Lords, and is now before this House, as informed, for vc.sting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverly in Huntingtonshire to be i'old: whereby the Petitioner will be debarred of recovering her laid Debt: And praying, That such Provision may "be made by the said Bill, as may secure the Petitioner's laid Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Supply Bill; A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Duties on p\n:

Salt, kc. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale and other Eiquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to fuel 1 Persons as thall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against without any Amend-

ments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered That Mr. Lloyd have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, his Father being vexy ill. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Colonel Nicholas Purcell, and Captain i:or. Edxcard Fitz-Gerald, in behalf of themselves, and others feitures. comprised in the Articles of Limer, was presented to the House, relating to the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

And the Question being put. That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Lampton have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.'

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurst have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Fenwick have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Knatchbul have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will fit de die diem, to supply* consider of the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, until the same be finished.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Deputy- R0yalAflent

Gentleman-1/(her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

And Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty accordingly.

Anri, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That his Majesty had been pleufed to give the Royal Ail'ent, to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on a vigorous War against France.

An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London.

An Act for Repeal of a Clause, in the Statute of the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, containing divers Orders for Artificers and others, which relates to Weavers of Cloth.

An Act to take away the Process for the Capiatur Fine in the several Courts at Westminster.

An Act to repeal the Statute made in the Tenth Year of King Edxcard the Third, for finding Sureties for the good Abearing by him or her that hath a Pardon for Felony.

An

to Bills.

h ,\i

.'til,

inj

.If

r,f

t,

1-.U

M

C*8|

rli.'t,

<JW.#M.

23° — -240

m

An Act to prevent Delays of Proceedings at the Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Quarter Sessions of the Peace. I take this Occasion to mention to you the Debt for

An Act for the Explaining, and for the more effectual the Transport-Ships, which were used in the Reducing of Execution, of a former Act for Relief of poor Prisoners. Ireland: It grieves me exceedingly to fee such a Number An Act to enable Roger Whitley the elder Esquire, and of Persons, who came so freely in, for lb good a Service, Thomas Whitley Esquire, to exchange certain Lands, of brought to the last Extremities, for want of what is due ' " " to them: It is not possible for me to discharge this Debt

without your Help: And as I doubt not but you have a just Commileration of their Cafe, so I hope you will find out feme Way for their Relief

equal Value, within the County of Chester.

An Act for Payment of the Debts of George Turner Esquire, deceased.

An Act to enable Sir Charles Barrington Baronet to settle a Jointure on Dame Bridget his Wife; and to make Provision for their younger Children.

An Act for settling the Inheritance of feme Parts of the Estate of Charles Turner Esquire, which lie dispersed, in him, and his Heirs; and settling an entire Estate, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, to the Uses that the said other Parts of his Estate were settled.

An Act to enable John to charge certain

Lands with the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, towards Portions for his younger Children.

An Act to enable Thomas Earl of Thannet, and the Honourable SackcileTuJ'ton Esquire, his Brother, to make a Lease for Sixty Years of Thannet-house, in the Parish of St. Botolph's, Aldcrsgate; to commence after the Remainder of a Term of One-and-Thirty Years, now in being.

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Henry an Infant, to raise Monies for Inning and Recovering other Parts thereof, now under Water; and for Payment of Debts charged thereon.

An Act for making a Bridge over the River Axe, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for Sale of the Estate of Susan Chaplin, and Dorothy Chaplin her Daughter, for Payment of Debts; and making Provision for the said Susan and Dorothy.

An Act to enable the Trustees of Alice Turner Widow, and her Children, to make Sale of certain Houses and

Ordered, That no Member of the House do presume to Members not take Tobacco in the Gallery of the House. to take 'J o-

bacco.

Ordered, That no Member of the House do presume to take Tobacco at the Table, fitting at Committees.

Resolved, That this House do immediately relblve itself Ways and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Means, of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1C94.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir '11 10. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways

Ground in or near Lincoln's-InnFields, in the County of and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their

..... ' Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-

Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Middlesex, during the Minority of the younger Children. An Act to enable Tho. Eduards to fell Part of his Estate, for Payment of Debts; and to restrain and disable him to commit W aite upon the Residue of the said Estate.

An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Stevens, deceased, for Payment of the Mortgage thereupon; and

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Maynards Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate. Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight, deceased, late one of

applying the Overplus for the Benefit of his Sons, who the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great

T U. J , /Id. 11 f 1 _ A. C -

Tomorrow Morning at Seven a

lb Kings

iftid.

are Infants.

An Act to vest the Estate of Mary, Elizabeth, and Jane Mildmay, and Edward Dixie, and Arabella his W ife,

and Lucy and Ann Mildmay, in Trustees, to be loid for Satisfaction of Mortgages and Debts thereupon; and preserving the Overplus for their Benefit.

And that afterwards, his Majesty had been pleased to make a gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament:

And, to prevent any Mistake in reporting thereof, he had obtained a Copy of it; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; vis.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

WHEN I consider how far the Year is advanced; what Preparations our Enemies make to be early in the Field; several Securities out of Andrew Esquire, and

and how necessary it is, that we should be ready to meet others, and vesting the same in Trustees, for railing and

Seal of England, do fit Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrotv Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 24* die Martii;

6° Gulielmi et Marite.

Prayers.

MR. Hungerford, according to Order, reported from im'* Estate. the Committee, to whom the Bill for divesting

them, both by Sea and Land, I must earnestly recommend to you the Dispatch of those important Affairs which you have under your Deliberation.

I am very sensible of the good Affection which you have shewn in this, as well as former Sessions, by enabling me to carry on the War we are engaged in'for our common Safety: There is nothing I have lb much at my Heart as the Ease and Happiness of my People; and it is with great Reluctance that I am forced to alk such large Supplies: But, since our present Circumstances make this unavoidable, it shall be my Endeavour, That the Sums which are given shall be laid out, in the best Manner, to the Uses for which they are designed.

Vo L. XI.

paying the Money due upon the said Securities; and assigning the Residue of the Estate, incumbered therewith, to Sir Charles Holt Baronet; was committed; That they had examined and considered the lame, and also the several Petitions of Andrew Esquire and Ann

Gwaves, the Consideration whereof, was referred to the said Committee; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which, as also a State of the Cafe, in relation to the said Sir Charles Holt and the Petitioners, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the lame, in W riting, at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

N n

A State

24* Martii.

A. 1695*

Holt'sEfUte. A State of the same between Mr. Edward Coke, Mrs. dence in the Cafe; via. The Releases; and that therefore Anne Gwaxes, and Mr. Andrew Founteine, touching a the Tryal went against him.

Mortgage upon the Estate of Sir Charles Halt. And it was insisted, on the behalf of the said Mr. Fann-

in or about June 1664, Sir Robert Holt, the Father of That the now Bill, in divesting of the legal Interest the now Sir Charles Holt, made a Mortgage of an Estate of the Mortgage Estate out of him, will take away the of about 7Q0/. per Ann. to Andrew Founteine Esquire, chiefest Means he hath for the getting of the said Mort-for 5,000l. Principal; And, for the further Securing of the gage-money, to which be pretends to be so intifted as Money, a Recognizance of 8,000l. acknowledged by the aforesaid.

feid Sir Robert Holt, was assigned to the said Mr. Founteine. By the Disputes of the several Pretenders to the Owner-

Now the Matter in Difference, between the said Mr. ship of this Money, it being uncertain during the Contelt Coke, Mrs. Gwavas, and Mr. Founteine, is, The Property who it belonged to, the Debt swelled up to 12,083/. and Ownerthip of the said Mortgage-money: And aa to 13s. 4 d.: And Sir Charles , in pursuance of several Sir Charles Holt, his Endeavour is only, upon Payment Orders of the Court of Exchequer, hath paid 7,800l.; of the Money to have his Estate again; and to have it so and unless he pay the Residue, 4,189/. 9 8

cleared from all their Pretension3, by having the Estate in by Michaelmas next, he is, by the Decree of the Exche-Law out of Mr. Founteine, as that he may, by Sale or quer, to be foreclofed of his Equity of Redemption of an Mortgage, raise the Money by another Hand; or, the Estate of 700l. per Ann.-, For the Ownership of the Estate being cleared, settle the same upon his Wife and Mortgage-money being, even in the last Court of Appeal, Family. adjudged against Mr. Founteine, he cannot pay the Money

Mr. Cook's Title to the Money in Question is, That to him; and, unless he pays it to Mr. he is to lofu upon the Loan of it, it was the Money of John Coke his Estate: And yet, unless he hath the Estate, in Law, Esquire, who was his Relation, and from whom he doth out of Mr. Founteine, he cannot raise the Money by the derive a great real Estate, as Heir Male of the Family; Estate, or settle his Estate upon his Wife and Family, and that Mr. Founteine was only a Trustee for the said And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came Mr. John Coke ;and that though Mr. John Coke made a to several Resolutions; which they bad direaed him to Will, and Captain Coke, Mr. Cobb, and Mr. JVm. report to the House; and which he read in his Place; Gwavas, his Executors, yet that the said Executors were and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where only Executors in Trust for the said now Mr. Edward Coke: And that his Property to the said Money hath been adjudged by a Decree of the Court of Exchequer, and

_ .1

viz

the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the passing of this Bill will not prejudice Mr.

affirmed, upon an Appeal brought by Mr. Founteine, in in any Right which he hath to the Mortgage-money

in Question.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the vesting the Estate, in Law, of the Mortgage in Question, in Trustees, for the Purposes in the Rill mentioned, will not prejudice Mrs. Anne Gzcavas in any Right (he hath to the Mortgage-money in Question.

And afterwards the Amendments were once read

the House of Ixtrds.

Mrs. Gzcavas infills, That she hath a Right to the Mortgage-money, Mr. Founteine being only a Trustee for Mr. John Coke; and (he being the Executrix of Mr. William Gwavas her Husband, who was the surviving Executor of the said Mr. John Coke; and that the said Executors were likewise Devisees of the personal Estate,

and not liable thereout to pay the Testator's Debts, there throughout; and then a Second tune, one by one; and

being a Provision made for that out of the real Estate:

And that, upon a Suit brought by the said Executors, in the Court of Exchequer, Mr. Founteine was adjudged to be only a Trustee; and ordered to assign the said Mortgage to them; And that, although there is a Decree in the Exchequer, whereby it is decreed, That the said Executors should take the personal Estate, as Executors, and not as Devisees; and that the same should be applied, in the

first place, for the Payment of Debts, Syc. in Ease of the

real Estate; yet, That (he may be still relieved against; that Decree: And that, however, her Husband being very much in Disburse upon the Account of the said Executor-ship, and of a Trust for the Payment of Mr. Coke's Debts out of the real Estate; and an Account being (till depending touching that Matter; her Right to the Mortgage-money ought to be saved to her by the now Bill.

Mr. j Founteine, in Evidence that the Property of the

Money is in him, insists, That the Mortgage was made to him; the Money paid by one Gwavas, who was Agent both for Mr. John Coke and Mr. Founteine; and the Mortgage Deeds in his the said Mr. Founteine's Hands; and Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, that Mr. Coke had given Mr. Fountains several Releases to whom it was referred to confuler further of Ways and of all Accounts and Demands: That Mr. Coke was privy Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their to Mr. Fountein's settling this Mortgage-money, amongst Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-other Things, as a Provision for his Wife and Children: Forces, for the Service of the Year 1C94, the Rel'olution

That the Court of Exchequer decreed the Property of of the said Committee; which they had directed Jiim to the Mortgage-money against him, without a Tryal at report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and Law; and that the House of Peers, upon the Appeal to afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the them, at fil'd directed a Tryal at Law, Whether the Mort- feme was read; and is as followed); viz.;

gage-money was, upon the Loan of it, Mr. John Coke's, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

and whether, after the Loan, he did give it to Mr. Fowl- That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties* tein; and that, afterwards, the Lords, by another Order, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, ft)f did alter the Issue, and made it to be, Whether Mr. Coke the Service of the Year 1O94, tire Sum of Six hundred gave the Mortgage-money to Mr. Founteine by any other thousand Pounds be lent and advanced by the present Heeds or Writings, than by the Releases: By which AL East India Company, to be repaid, without Interest, by teration, it is infilled, that Mr. Founteine was debarred the Customs which shall grow due to their Majesties trom ottering That in Evidence, which was his only Evi- from the said Company.

*5 The

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Ordered, That Mr, Frekehave Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Phclips, in Custody of the Serjeant at Amis attending this lloute, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be tlii'charged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the

Irish Forfeitures.

?f.Cl

p n

r'"

v !:}) ...ci iu

la

' ot'ti,

had

of -'it- ai

ie 1

Leave of Absence. - 6

A Member V u-discharged from custody.

TY rr

-t a

Ways and i> Means.

.'y-a

if-

> f

>d.

6 W. & M. a4" — '

The said Refplution being read a Second time j And a Debate anting thereupon}

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until M&vlay Morning next.

Exporting a Message from the Lords, by Mr, ffalford and Mr.

Iron, Copper,

ic' Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Exportation of Iron, Copper, and Bell-Metal, with some Amendments: To which they detire the Concurrence of this IJoufe.

Apd then the Messengqrs withdrew.

way* and The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerfurther of Ways and Means forfaiting the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Committed. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 26m die;

6* Gulielmi ct Maria?,

pRATEBS.

Wi QIR Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee, tp

hie. whom the ingrossed Rill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Sir John , de-

ceased, late one of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England, was committed, That they had examined and considered the Bill, and the Petition of Eliz. Maynard Widow', referred to them; and that (he and all the Parties concerned, were satisfied; and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report; and which he read iu his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the fume was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr, 27. L. 14. after " out," insert " of."

to ting The House proceeded to take into Considerption the KCuppff, Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, 4t An Act for the Exportation of Iron, Copper and Bell-Metal:

And the same were twice read; apd agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

In the Title, for w Bel!," read " Mundick.1'

Pr. 1. L. 9. leave out from "contained' to "be," in the 1 (5 Line; and read " for the better Encouragement of the Working of Copper-Mines within their Majesties Dominions."

L. 26. instead of " Bell,' read " ."

L. 26. alter " Tweed," add " except unto, or for the ,f Ule of the French King, or any of his Subjects refid ing " within his Dominions; or in, to, or for, any Port or w Place within his said Dominions, during the prefect ¥ War between their Majesties and the French King,'*

At the End of the Bill add the Proviso marked A. Proviso A - Provided, That this Act shall not extend to the Exportation of any Pot;-Meta), Gun-Metal, or Shruft-Metal, or any pld Mptal, or apy Mixture Vox.. XI,

' % 6 Martii. 139

therewith; or of any Copper, or other Metal; than what is made of English Ore only."

Ordered, That Mr. Huugerforddo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed tQ the said Amendments.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Gloucestershire was pre- Preventing fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a LIII tv«3jr&c is now depending in this House for preventing the Exr ' portation of Wool, Scouring and Fulling-Earth, by altering the Penalty; and for better regulating the -

hall Fadars; in which Bill there is a Clause prohibiting the Petitioners from felling their Cloth in any oilier Pfoce that Blackwell-hall; which the Petitioners conceive will not only be very fatal to them, but to the Woollen Ma-nufadure in general; And praying, That the said Clause may be rejected; or that they may be heard again!! the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the 'Fable until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for disabling the Bo- nisfran-rough of Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, trom id e

fending Burgesses to serve in Parliament foi the future, borough, be read the Third time upon ll'ednesdaMorning next.

Mr. Travers reported, from the Committee, to whom Pegiftnng

the Bill for registring Fishermen, in order to thelurnishing their Majesties Fleet with Seamen, was committed, That they had considered the fame, and the several Petitions to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Refolded, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Lord whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Stawell*

Act for Payment of the Debts of John Lord Stawell. de- Ll ceased, was committed, he made Tor morrow Morning, after Ten a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Ways Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Resolupons of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and are as follow; viz.

1. Re solved. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of tine Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, a Duty be laid upon the Tonage of all Ships and Vessels.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That 30^. per Ton he laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from the East Indies.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That 15 s. per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from Italy and Turkey.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That 10 s. per Ton belaid upon all Ships importing Goods

and Merchandizes from Portugal and Spain.

§. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That io.y. per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from the Plantations in the JV est-Indies.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That 35. per Tpn be laid upon &F Skips importing

Goods

1

II

140

a 6° Martii.

A- 1694.

Ways and Means.

Goods and Merchandizes from Holland and Flan- laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes ders. from and Spaine, without The Streights.

7- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The Fifth and Sixth Resolution being severally read a

That 5 s- per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally Goods and Merchandizes from Norway, Hamborough, put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Loan proposed from E. I. Company.

the Baltick Sea, and all the Eastland Countries.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 2 s. per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from Ireland and Scotland.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 155. per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from any Port or Place in the Mediterranean.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 20 s.per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from the Coast of Guinea and Africa.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 20 s.per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from Hudsons Bay.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 10 s. per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from the Canaries, Maderas, and Western Islands.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That los. per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from Muscovy, and Russia.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 6d. per Ton be laid upon all Ships and Vessels imployed in the Coasting-Trade from Port to Port in England and Wales.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said respective Duties upon Shipping importing Goods and Merchandizes from foreign Parts be paid by the Merchant-Freighters.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said respective Duties upon Ships and Vessels employed in the Coasting-Trade from Port to Port in England and Wales be paid by the Master or Owner of such Ships or Vessels.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted to their Majesties for the Term of Four Years.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate of Saturday last:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Debate be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,.

Tellers for the NoeS,{?T'

The Seventh Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " and from all other Ports and Places North of " land:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That 5 5. per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from Norway, Hamborthe Baltick Sea, and all the Eastland Countries, and from all other Ports and Places North of Holland.

The Eighth and Ninth Resolution being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally . thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Tenth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " without The Streights

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That 205. per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from the Coast of Guinea, and Africa, without The Streights.

The Eleventh and Twelfth Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Thirteenth Resolution being read a Second time; An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " Greenland

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That 105. per Ton be laid upon all Ships importing Goods and Merchandizes from Geenland, Muscovy, and Russia.

The Fourteenth Resolution being read a Second time; And the Question being put, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That 6d. per Ton be laid upon all Ships and Vessels employed in the Coasting-Trade from Port to Port in England and Wales;

80.

13G.

The House divided. The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

fMr. Colt,

\Mr. Je.

83-

Tellers for the Noes,

[Mr. Cullford

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee of the whole House, in the Resolution, That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds be lent and advanced by the present East-Iiulia Company, to be repaid, without Interest, by the Customs which mall grow due to their Majesties from the said Company;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Three first Resolutions of the Committee of the whole House were severally read a Second time; and,

34-

f Colonel Perry,

\Mr. Fleming:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fifteenth Resolution being read a Second time j An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " and by the Master and Owner of such Ships and Vessels, by way of Average

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the said respective Duties upon Shipping importing Goods and Merchandizes from foreign Parts be paid by the Merchant-Freighters, and by the Master and Owner of such Ships and Vessels, by way of Average.

The Sixteenth and Seventeenth Resolutions being feve-

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto rally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Ques-

by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " without The Streights

And the same was, upon the Question put thereu on, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That 10 s. per Ton be

tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And That Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

0

0:

'a ain -tal at

T;

:V'

Committees

6 W. tf M.

27° Mart ii.

141

Vflvnanf*

Luie.

27° die Mar Hi;

6° Gulielmi el Mari®.

Prayers.

f)RDERED, That the ingossed Pill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for iettling the Estate of Sir

hearing Counsel, both on the Part of the Petitioners, and the Heir at Law; were of Opinion, upon the Question put thereupon, That there is Sufficient Provision made in the said Bill for Payment of the said Debts.

And, having in like manner examined and conficlered the Petition of the said William Lee, on behalf of his said Brother, which was for an Annuity of 100l. per Ann.

John Maynard, deceased, late one of the Lords Commis- for Three Years; and 80/. per Ann, during his Life; tioners for the Cn(tody of the great Seal ot England\ be and praying, That due Provision may be made for the said Annuity in the said Bill; and hearing Counsel on be

read the Third time To morrow Morning.

Lord

Sfawflli

Liutr.

Mr. Wharton, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An ACi for Payment of the Debts of Lord Staxctll, deceased, was committed. That they had examined and considered the Allegations of the Bill, and the several Petitions and other Matters to them referred; and had made several Amendments; which, as allb a State of the same in relation to the Value of the Estate and Debts, lie read in his Place, with the Coherence { and afterwards delivered the fame, in Writing, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the yearly Value of the Real Estate of the Lord John Staxcell, taken by a Medium of several Years from the ancient Surveys, Accounts, Rent-Rolls, j and Contraf? - Books, of the Family is -The Yearly Value of the Real Estate 1 resting in the Lord John Staxccll's Heir !> 3,870 15 4

at Law is - - - J ——

The Part of the Real Estate to William j now Lord Slawellis, per Annum - J

s.

CSC 48"

The Debts upon the Estate, made out to the Committee to be due, by Mortgages, Recognizances, and Bonds, amount to And the Interest thereupon, by a moderate Computation, amounts to

75,000

10,000 — -

In all -

There are other Debts, by Simple-Contract, to several Creditors, Workmen, and to Servants for Wages, estimated at -

Which makes the whole Debt upon 1 the Estate to be - -

- 85,000 ——

7,46/ — —

92,467 ——

The Account of the personal Estate of the said Lord Stazce/l, produced to the Committee, conlifted in Two Parts:

One whereof was of Debts separate, 1 2g 0I7 5

amounting to - - - - J ' '

The other of Debts doubtful, by Purchase of Debts of the Orphans of the W'ater-Bailage, and such-like Bargains, amounting to 10, 501.

Out of which, it was said, there might 1 /-__________

be Hopes to recover - - -J '

Which will make the Produce of the "I -- . mJ

Personal Estate to amount to

32,017 6

There were also Two Petitions, the Examination and Consideration whereof was referred by the House to the said Committee.

One was the Petition of the Tradesmen, Servants, and Labourers of the late Lord Staxcell, referred by Order of the House on the 13th of March instant.

The other of William Lee, in behalf of his Brother Francis Lee, now beyond the Seas, referred by Order of the 15th of this.instant March.

And the Committee, having duly examined and con-fiiiered the Matter of the said Firit Petition of the said Tradesmen, praying the y may be paid out of the Perianal Estate, or allowed Interest for their just Debts: after Vox,. XI.

half of the Petitioner; the Committee were of Opinion, upon the Question put thereupon, That the Right of the Petitioner was well laved to him by the said Bill.

After which, the said Amendments were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 35. after " Esquire," inlert "

" ing, of St.Martins in the Fields, in the County of

" Midd/efe.r, Esquire."

L. lait but one, after " Hunt," inlert Richard " Cooling"

L. last, leave out "or the major Part of them."

Pr. 5. L. 16. after " Hunt," inlert " Richard

" Cooling."

L. 17. the same Amendment.

Pr. 6. L .7, the same Amendment.

19. alter " Waite," inlert " and all the Rents,

" Jlines, First s, and, Profits, of the said Premises, until " Inch Sale."

L. 32. after "Premises," inlert "and all the Rents,

I Hues, Fines, and Profits thereof, until l'uch Sale."

L. 35. alter " also," inlert " shall forthwith apply."

L. 30. alter " aforesaid," inlert " and the Rents,

" I flues, Fines, and Profits thereof, until l'uch Sale."

Pr. 7. L. 3. after " Intcrclt," leave out " and " Charges."

L. 5. after " thereof," inlert " with their Charges."

Pr. 8. L. 11. after " Hunt," inlert " Richard " Cooling."

L. 12, 13. leave out " or the major Part of them."

L. 19. after " be," inlert " and allb all the Remainder " of the Personal Estate, and."

L. 33. alter " Hunt," insert " Richard Cooling'J and after " blew court," leave out " or the major Part of " them."

Prels 10. L. 21. after " Hunt," insert " Richard " Cooling

L. 22. leave out " or the major Part of them."

33. after " Hunt," insert " Richard Cooling."

34. leave out " or the ma jor Part of them."

Pr. 12. L. xo. after " Hunt," insert " Richard " Cooling."

L. 11. leave out " or the major Part of them.

Pr. 13. L. 8. after "Hunt," inlert " Cooling."

L. it. the same Amendment.

L. 21. the same Amendment.

L. 28. after " her," inlert " reasonable."

Pr. 14. L. J 2. after 11 Hunt," insert " Richard " Cooling."

15. L. 2. after "their," insert " Hands."

L. 11. after " Hunt," inlert " Richard ,"

Pr. 17. L. 29, and 30. leave out " Hunt, and " John Sand ford;'and inlert " Robert Sir John

" Austin, Edu ard Berhlt/, John Hunt, Richard Cooling,

" and Gerrard Next-court."

Pr. 18. L. 24. after " them," insert " Hunt, and " John Sand ford, the Survivor of them, his Executors,

" and Administrators."

Pr. 19. L. 19. after " Hunt," insert " Richard " Cooling."

L 20. leave out " or the major Part of them."

Pr. 20. L. 3. leave out " Bishoand instead thereof insert " Bifcopp."

L. 21. after " Hunt,'

L 29. after " Mrs." insert Elizabeth."

At the End of the Bill, add the Proviso marked A.

Qo " Provided

insert " Richard Cooling:

A.

Leave of Absence.

J Iawkers and Tedlar*.

Beverly's Lit ate.

J,eave of Absence.

143 27° — 28 0 MA- 1694.

" Provided always, And be it Enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That all Suits and Proceedings, that, either in " Law or Equity, are now depending, wherein the said " Margaret Lady Stawell is Plaintiff, as Administratrix " of the said John Lord Stascell, deceased, shall not abate,

" but be still prosecuted in her Name, but at the Charge " of the said Rolxrt CeciU, Sir John Austin, Eduard.

" Berkley, John Hunt, Richard Cooling, and

Nexccourt, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators,

" as if this present Att hud not been made; and what shall " be recovered thereby on the Account of the said John " Lord Slaxvell, deceased, shall be subject to the Trusts

" herein before declared; and the Charges expended " by the said Trustees in such Suits and Proceedings " shall be reimbursed them out of the Trust-Estate in " this Act expressed."

A Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Estate which shall be bought pursuant to the Act, and lettled on the Heirs of the said John Lord shall be charged with the Payment of an Annuity, or Fension, granted by the said John Lord Stairell to Francis Lee, Fellow of St.

Johns College in Oxon, of 1 ool. per Ann. for Three \ cars certain; and of Eighty Pounds per Ami. afterwards, for l'o long time as the said Francis Lee shall live; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Creditors of the said Lord by Simple-

Contraft, shall receive Interest for their Money:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Clauses be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Car have Leave to go into the Country, for Eight Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Francis have Leave to go

into the Country for Eight Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Lultrell have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Earle have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Major-General have Leave to

go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That tire ingrossed Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars be read the Third time upon Morning

next, after Eleven a Clock.

A Petition of Alderman Nicholas Char let on w as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That James -1verly Esquire, deceased, was indebted to the Petitioner ,58/. upon Bond: That a Bill is now depending in this House for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverley in Huntingtonshire, to be sold: That the Petitioner is not provided for by the said Bill, as well as other Creditors of the said James Beverley: And praying, That his said Debt may be secured by the said Bill, as well as the Debts of other Creditors of the said James Beverley.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pawlet have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. iG

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Woollen whom the Bill for reviving the A fit, made in the First Manufac-Year of their Majesties Reign, for the better preventing tures' the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Woollen

Manufactures of this Kingdom,.....be taken into

Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tayler have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Registry whom the Bill for registring Memorials of Deeds, Feoff- ol Ueeii3* ments, Conveyances, and Wills, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Trim resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to forfeitures, consider further of the Bill for vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties, to be applied to the Use of the War.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Call of Morning next: And that all such Members as shall not the House. then attend, not having Leave to be absent, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself Ways and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur- RIeans-ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Elect, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1604.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Committee*. That all Committees be revived;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 28* die;

6* Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An, Maynards Act for settling the Estate of Sir John Maynard, de- Litate.

ceased, late oneof the Ixirds Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gw do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders in and about xowfr the Tower Hamlets was presented to the House, and read; Hamlets setting forth, That the Petitioners ate informed, there is A1:llUa-a Bill depending in this House for the better settling and regulating the Militia within the lower Hamlets; which, if it should pass, will be very prejudicial to the said Hamlets: And praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, before the said Bill do pass tire House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr.

6 W. & M.

28° Martii.

*43

Fronting \<50ft of

Bjim*

JtfVC «i .\W

Mr. Culliford reported from the Committee, to whom the Hill to prevent the Exportation of English Bullion was committed, That they had made icveral Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to repoit to I he House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was difac[ired, and the Residue agreed, unto by the House.

A Proviib was offered to be added to the Bill, for Bullion to he exported by Licence, during the War:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ngrofled.

Ordered, That Mr. PoUerfen have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered That Mr. Sand ford have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Trdmvney have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Ashton have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Older, presented to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties certain of En§- ])Ufjes Upon Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

rjic Duties,

r* incoryo-

ivjtad Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee of am the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Kesolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, a Tax, by a quarterly Poll for One Year, be granted to their Majesties.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all and every Person and Persons do pay the Sum of Twelve-pence quarterly, for One Year.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be excepted such Persons, as shall receive Alms of the Parish where they dwell, and their Children, being under the Age of Sixteen Years.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be excepted all poor Housekeepers, or House

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion-of this Committee, That every Person under a Degree of a Peer, having an Estate, Real or Personal, of "the Value of 600 /. and upwards, do pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings quarterly, for One Year.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person, who by reason of his Estate, is charged or chargeable to the Militia, with finding of Horse, do, for every Horse lie is so charged or chargeable, pay the Sum of 20 s. quarterly, for One Year, over and above what he is charged with by any other Head; and so in proportion for every Person contributing to the finding of Horse.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person not contributing to the finding of a Horse to the Militia, who does keep a Coach and Horses, do pay 20 s. quarterly, for One Year, over and above what he is charged with by any other Head; except such as keep Stage or Hackney Coaches.

it. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Person that keeps any Hackney or Stage Coach, or Coaches, do, for every Coach so kept, pay the Sum of 11. .5 s.quarterly, for One Year.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Lord of Parliament, either Spiritual or Temporal, do pay^the Sum of Ten Pounds quarterly, for One Year.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Philizers, Attorneys, Solicitors, Clerks in Chancery, Exchequer, and other Courts in Law and Equity, Proctors, and other Officers of all Courts, Ecclesiastical and Civil, do pay Twenty Shilling quarterly, for One Year.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tin's Committee, That all Clergvrnen, Preachers, and Teachers, in any Congregation whatl'oever, who having any Ecclesiastical Benefice or Contribution, or otherwise, to the Value of 80/. per Ami. or upwards, do pay 20 quarterly, for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person who shall reful'e to take the Oaths appointed by the Act, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, do pay double the Sums charged by the said respective Heads.

The First T en of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eleventh Resolution being read a Second time; And the Question bring put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That every Person that keeps any Hackney or Stage Coach, or Coaches, do for every Coach so kept, pay the Sum of 1 /. 5 s.quarterly, for One Year;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re-

holders, who by reason of their Poverty only, are ex- solutions: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, empted from contributing to the Church, and Poor; and and bring in, the fame.

their Children, being under the Age of Sixteen Years

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be also excepted all Children, under the Age of Sixteen Years, of all Labourers, and of all Servants in Husbandry.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be excepted also all Children, being under the Age of Sixteen Years, of such who have Four or more Children, and are not worth in Lands, Goods, and Chattels, the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person under the Degree of a Peer, having an Estate, Real or Personal, of the Value of 300l. or

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented Touag. to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties feve- Duties, ral Duties upon the Tonage of Ships: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for disabling the Bo- Disfranchif-rough of Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, ingStock-

from fending Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the fu- bndse Su-

ture, be read the Third ..... upon Friday Morning next.

rough.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to St. John of more, and under the Value of 6001, do pay the Sum whom the Bill for the Endowment of a Chapel at Wapping

of 10 s.quarterly, for One Year. ping; and making of it Parochial, and distinct from the ^anlh'

Vox.. XI. Parish

a 8° — 19° — 3 o'1 Martii.

J. 1694.

Parish of Whitechapel j was committed; be made To-

morrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir John Tha Member of this

House, be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, to the said Bill, if he shall think fit.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 29° die Martii; 6° Gulielmi ct Mariae.

Prayers.

Encouraging

Privateers.

MR. Boscawen reported from the Committee, to

wl

i hotn the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

Beverley's Lit ate.

A Petition of Charles Faldo, and William Faldo, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, by the printed Votes, the Petitioners do find a Bill is depending in this House for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverley, in Huntingtons!. to be sold:

That Thomas Beverly, the Son of the said Sir James, is indebted to the Petitioners, by Bond and Judgment, too/. Principal Money; and, if the said Bill should pals, they will be in Danger of loling their laid just Debt: And praying, That Provision may be made for the Payment of the Petitioners said Debt, in Inch manner as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as is desired.

And then the Messengers were called in again; and Air. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Managers that managed the lad Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Colonel Granville reported, That they had attended the Conference: And that the Conference was managed by who acquainted them, That the Lords do agree with this House in leaving out the Proviso, marked A, by their Lordships added to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Continuance of the Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer: But that their Lorcl-ships do insist on their Amendments to the said Bill; Le-cause a Petty Constable is an ancient and legal Officer, intrusted with the Execution of many Things of great Importance, and, being always near at Hand, is properly added to the Justice of Peace, and High Constable, who may often live remote from the several Places, where Men are lifted to be Soldiers: This Act being also to determine in this very Year, wherein Levies have been thought nccelVary for the Defence of the Nation; and the Time being lb far spent, for making the said Levies; the Lords conceive, the Lifting of Soldiers should not be made more difficult at this Time, that is necessary to secure the Subject from being forced into the Service.

Which Report being read;

And the First Amendment being read;

And the Question being put, To insist upon the Disagreement to the Amendments made by the Lords;

The House divided.

Halfpence and Farthings.

A Petition of the retail Shopkeepers, and other poor Inhabitants, without Crip]degate, w as presented

to the House, and read; felling forth, That moll Part of the Farthings and Halfpence now current are in the Hands of the Poor, who are not able to bear the Loss that will befal them, in case any others should he made, and due Care should not be taken to rechange the present ones, which want 3 d. or of the true Value in a Shilling: And praying, That the iloufe will make such Application to his Majesty, That, in case there shall be new Earthings, the present Earthings and Halfpence may be rechanged for the said new ones.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Traders, and poor Inhabitants, in and about the City of London, and Borough of South-zearke, is referred: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

WineDuties, St c.

[Bank of England incorporated.]

morrow Morning.

Maynard's Eft ate.

The Noes go forth

Tellers for the Yea Jftr S"m;

[Air. Schackcrky:

84.

89.

Tellers for the Noes f‘^r‘

t lers Iorthe ^oes'|Sir Hen.Jjliurst:

So it passed in the Negative,

And the rest of the said Amendments, being severally read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Rdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

o

A Bill for granting to their Majestics several Impositions upon the Tonage of Shipping was, according to Order, read the First time.

lie/blved, That the Bill be read a Second time To-

Tonitge

morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars be read the Third time upon Saturday Morning next.

,\C

r.

.V

V;. :l

1 pi"

-Moc*

3'

to

' jff

f.

y

r'

-it

1

id

u

' h

fjt.

VjfTff: the

frJc'Uj' vjtrr, w

0

yr 'it

Du lies. -J.'i -jr/iliOt

11

Hawkers a#1 *r<t 1C P l'edlars.

bia J

A Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Duties upon Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time To-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Woollen whom the Bill for reviving the Act, made in the First Year M-mutac-of their Majestics Reign, to prevent the Exportation of tures‘ Wool, and encouraging the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, be made upon Monday Morning next.

‘-Q-d

it

I - T

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

ii, ' £.'

- ' u

lvi.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Lacen William Childe:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Sir John Maynard, deceased, late one of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England: And also, I-ordsikfirea The Lords do deftre a present Conference with this Cuutereiice. House, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Veneris, 30° die Martii; 60Gulielmi et Maria:.

*Xu

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Report from the Committee, Cavendirti'» to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, dilate.

An Act for increasing the present Maintenance of the Honourable Henry Cavendish, and for providing a Jointure for

:*T

'-for

6 W. & M.

3 o'1 — 3 j°

145

lord

Suxlli

butt

such Woman as he shall marry during the Life of his Father, ttie Earl of Devonshire; was committed; be made upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of John Lord lately

deceased, w as read the Third time.

A Petition of Richard Cooling Esquire was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Name is inserted without his Know ledge, as a Trustee, in the Bill, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of John Lord Stawell, lately deceased; and that the Petitioner is unwilling to act therein: And praying, That his Name may be left out of the said Bill.

And thereupon his Name was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be left out of the Amendments before made to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Wharton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Bill with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

t Member Ordered, That Mr. Windham, in Custody of the Ser-

jeant-at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself ira*cu" y' from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Supply Piilj Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented roll lax. to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties a Quarterly Poll: And the same was received; and read the F rit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Lf3ve of Ableoce.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinson have Leave to go into the Country for Five Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Gott have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health, being lick of an Ague.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Winchcombe have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Trye have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for registring Filbermen, in order to the wiitNny. furnishing their Majesties Fleet with Seamen, ..... be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

"fjSfing

iiihfnnra

Min-

rtn*

Abridge

l>orxgiL

JvUl.

An ingrossed Bill for disabling the Borough of Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, to fend Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the future, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, by leaving out " Rumsey;"

The Question was put, That Rumsey do stand in the Bill:

And it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the next Election should be at Basingstoke.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pals; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Ye«,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties fereral Duties

,. Vot. XI.

105.

1*3-

upon the Tonage of Ships was, according to Order, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Hill for granting to their Majesties certain Duties Tonage upon Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, was, according to Order, read the Second time. E«gi m<t iocor-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee P0*1-] of 11 io whole House.

Resolved, That the said Bills be committed to the same Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do leave out the Duties upon Wines, and inlert the Duties upon the Tonage of Ships in lieu and instead thereof: And that they do alter and make both the said Bills into one Bill.---

A Petition of several Merchants trading to South Bar- Tonag* bary, without the Streights, was presented to the House, Duties, and read; setting forth, That there is now before the Hotife a Bill for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, and particularly 20 s.per Ton, on the Guinea and African Ships: That South Barbary is in Africa; and there is already so great a Duty upon the Commodities imported from thence, that it hath alnioft ruined that Trade: And praying, That the Shipping to South Barbary may not pay more than the Shipping to Spaine,

Portugall, and the Canaries, being as near as those Parts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the w hole House, 10 whom the said Bills are committed.

ing,

- — Refohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bills.

And then the House adjourned till To-morfow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 31® die Martii;

&> Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

MR. Waller reported from the Committee, to wrhom Leckby the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Manor. Act for vesting the Third Part of the Manor of alias Letby, and other Lands, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling a Farm, and other LaAtls, in Tarling and Much-Leighs, in the County of

Esse.r,of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses , w as committed; That they had considered the Bill, and examined the Values of the Lands therein mentioned j and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he' read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow j viz*

Pr. 1. L 10. before " County," insert " said."

11. after " Hertford,"insert " Esquire."

Pr. 3. L. io. before " Ter ling," insert " Tarling,

18. after " the," insert "said."

21. the same Amendment.

24. before " Terling,"insert " Tarling, alias."

34. the same Amendment.

40. after "and," insert "alL"

41. before "Lands," insert "berare-mentioned."

44. before " Terling," insert alias."

Pr. 4. L. 9. before "Settlement/' inlert " laid.'

33. after "Weld," insert "the younger."

35. after " Manor,"insert "and all those, the " before-mentioned Closes."

L. 37. after " York,' leave out "and," and

iulert " or.

Pp

Pr. 5.

1

A r,

146 31° Martii, — A, 1694.

Pr. 5. L. 16. before " Terling," insert " Tar ling, That a Bill be brought, in for taking and

" alias." stating the publick Accompts: And that Colonel - ^'nipts.

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

St John of Colonel Perry reported from the Committee, to whom

Wapping the gjj j-or the Endowment of a Chapel at Wapping, and _ A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cook and D' Offarrell'*

411 making of it Parochial, and distinct from the Parish of Sir Lacon William Childe: Isat*

Whitechapel, was committed. That they had examined Mr. Speaker,

and considered the fame, and the several Petitions to The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for them referred; and had made l'everal Amendments to naturalizing/oAaww an Infant, and her Sifter

the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the and Two Brothers: To which they desire the Concurrence House; and which he read in his Place, with the Cohe- of this House.

rence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock: And that Sir John Thompson, a Member of this House, be then heard at the Bar of this House, by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

Brent's Sir John Holies reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the ingrolTed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Brent, deceased, to raise Monies for Payment of his Debts, and Maintenance of his Children, who are Infants, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had made l'everal Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed uno by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. L. 3. after " indebted," leave out to " and" in the 8th Line; and, instead thereof, insert " at the time " of his Death, to divers Persons, in several Sums of " Money, by Bonds, Bills, or other Specialties."

Press 3. L. 27. leave out "April," and insert "

L. 29. leave out " the said and, after " Hodges," in* fert " of Dulas in the County of Hereford, Gentleman."

L. 37. leave out " April, and insert " May."

- Prels 4. L. 14. after "Pounds," leave out to the Words " together with," in the 17th Line; and, after the said Words, "together with," insert "all other the " just Debts due from the litid Nathaniel Brent, by Bonds " or Specialties, and."

L. 19. after " due," leave out to " and, " in the 22th Line.

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Blincoe, in Custody of the discharged Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting him-rom cut y. jroin ^js Service in Parliament, be discharged out, of Custody, paying his Fees.

And then the Mcfl'cngers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Fawkes have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Abiwice.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties a Quarterly Poll, Supply Bill* for One Year, was read the Second time. l iax'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Iloufe will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve it- Way* self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider and Mean* further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land- Forces, for the Service of the Year 1 bp 4.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna;, 2° die Aprilis;

6® Gulielmi ct Marine.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Sir Robert Ozcen, in Custody of a Member the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, lor ub-fenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be dif- ,rom cvnody. charged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Hawkers ani

Pedlars.

An ingrafted Bill against Hawkers and Pedlars was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider, against Tinkers, in the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in - Ordered, That Sir Richard Hart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

[Sir Richard Temple [Sir Richard Hart: Sir S. Bernadiston,

Mr. Boztyer: the Affirmative.

1

J

109.

72.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Michael Wentworth have Leave to Absence. g0 into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bushy Mansell have Leave to go into the Country, for- Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of William Bursey was pitfented to the reverly* House, and read; setting forth, That a Rill is now de- forspending in this House for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverly in Huntingto be fold: That the Petitioner hath a Judgment against T/10. Beverly, Father of Sir James, for 601.; as ailo a Bond lor ,51/. los. from Tho. Beverly, which is in no Part latiffied: That no Provision is made by the said Bill, for payment of the Petitioner's said Debts: And praying, That the House will take care, That the Petitioner's said Debt may be paid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brent's to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Brent, deceased, to raise Monies for Payment of his Debts, and Maintenance of his Children, who are Infants, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 3. L. 29. to leave out " the saidand, after " Hodges," insert " of Dutasin the County of Hereford,

" Gentleman

Apd

6 W. & M.

fj-.fnd'ili'i

liu1'-

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Holies do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Bill with feme Amendments: To which they dtlire their Lordships Concurrence.

0

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for increasing the present Maintenance of the Honourable Henry Cavendish; and for providing a Jointure for such Woman as he shall marry with the Content of his Lather, the Earl of Devonshire; w as committed; That they had examined the Bill, and the Settlements of the Litate therein mentioned: The State whereof he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: And that they had

Aprilis. 147

Child or Children he shall have, and their Heirs, any Part of the said Efrate, not exceeding One-Third Part of the yearly Value of the fame; or any Rent-charge, not exceeding 6001, per Annum:

Timt the !iiill Hen. Cavendish, after the Death of his Grandfather, as aforesaid, shall have Power to charge the Estate with younger Childrens Portions, not exceeding 8,0001, in the Whole:

That in calc Henry Cavendish shall have no Heirs Male, and James Cavendish be possessed of the said Estate, the said James shall have Power to settle a Jointure, not exceeding a Moiety of the yearly Value of the said Estate limited to him:

That the said James Cavendish, after he shall be in Possession of the said Estate, may settle on any Child or Children, and their Heirs, any Part of the Premises def ending to him, not exceeding One-Third Part of the Profits thereof, or any Rent-charge, not exceeding 6001.

directed him to report the said Jjiil to the House, without p Annum; and may charge the said Estate with younger

any Amendments,

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Which Slate is as followed);

That the said Earl, by Indenture of Lease and Release, dated the 10th and 11 th of July i68;>, settled the Manor-house, and the Demesnes, of the difiblved Abbey of the Blefied Virgin Maty, the Manor of the

Rectory of Buckminster and 'sic me, the Advowson of the Vicarage of Buckminster, and the Manor ol" Bishop's Fee, all lying within the County of Leicester the Manor of Cloxby, in the County of Lwcuhte; the Capital Mdliiage and Mansion-house in Latimers, and the Manor of ijalhamsted, and the Advowson of the Chapel thereof, in the Counties of Buckingham and Hertford; and the Manors of Chesham, in the said Counties of Buck-injhtm and Hertford; and all other Manors and Lands of tire laid late Earl, in the said Counties

cohie, Buckingham, and Hertford\ upon Trustees, for the

lies following; viz.

To the said Earl of Devon for Life; and after his Decease, to Trustees for Co Years, subject to thele Provisoes; vis.

That the said Trustees should pay, out of the said Estate, to Henry Cavendish, 250/. per until his

.Agt'M 14 Years; and from thence 400l. per Annum, until Lis Age of 18 Years; from thence <#oo/. per Ann. until his Age of24 Years; and from thence l,20u I. per Annum, during the now Earl of Life; and

lo pay the Surplulage to the said present Earl of shire:

That after the said Hen. Cavendish Lis Age of 21 Year?, and Death of his Father, or Marriage of the fair! Hairy with the Confont of his Father and Mother, and the late Countess of Devon, the late Duke of Ormond, and the Earl of Exeter, or the greater Number of them; or if the present Earl of Devonshire shall die before the said Henry Avail attain trie Age of 21 Years; in either of the tales aforesaid, the said Term of 60 Years to be void; and the said Henry to be let into the Pofiession of the whole I'-fiate.

That in case the said Hen. Cavendish shall die without Heirs Males, then so much of the Estate, as lies in the Counties of Lincolne, Buckingham, and is limited to James his Brother, and other the younger

Sons of the pre-font Earl of Devonshire, and the Heirs Males of their Bodies, by a special Intail; and the re-. maining Part of the Premises is settled on the now LorJ Cavendish, and his Heirs for ever: And if the said Henry shall have only Ilfue Female, the whole Estate is to be charged with Portions for them, not exceeding 24,000l. in the Whole; and the Leicestershire Estate is charged with the Payment of 5,000l. to the said James Cavendish:

That the said Henry Cavendish, after lie shall be in Possession of the said Estate, by Consent of the Persons before-mentioned, may settle a Jointure on a Wife, not exceeding a Moiety of the yearly Profits of the Estate:

That the fetid Henry Cavendish, alter the Death of his

Grandfather, and being in PoUllIion, may settle on any Vol. XI.

Childrens Portions, not exceeding 600l.

And in default of Heirs Males in Henry and James, then the said Estate to go to William, now Lord Cavendish, and the Heirs of his Body; the Remainder, to Ann Countels of Exeter, and the Heirs of her Body; Remainder, to the right Heirs of Wm. now Lord Cavendish.

And there is a further 'Fruit, fora Term of 500 Years, to preserve the contingent Remainders; whereby the Trustees therein mentioned are to stand leifed of the.

Premises, to the Uses aforesaid.

And, in the said Settlement, the late Earl of Devonshire referred to himself a Power of Revocation.

The Committee have also inquired into the yearly.

Value of the said Estate, in the Bill mentioned; and do find the same to be, Two thousand Eight hundred and Nimteeen Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence. Half-pcny.

They allb find, That all Parties concerned in Interest are confuting to the Bill; and that there is no other Settlement of the said late Earl of Devonshire, concerning the Estate in the Bill mentioned. And upon Perusal and Confidential) of the said Bill, have ordered the same to be reported to the House, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Third time upon ThurjdayMorning next, after Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, Thai this House will, upon Saturday Morning ^;ny3 next, trike into Cousideration his Majesty's gracious Speech to b* Speech, the 23th Day of Marchlaft, to both Houses of considered. Parliament.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned Call of th* till To-nmrrow Sevcnnight. House.

Sir John Guise reported from the Committee, to whom preventing the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Export of Wool, Fuliing and Scouring Earth, by altering the Pe- Wool, &c. nalty; and for the better regulating the Factors i hall; w as committed; That they had considered the lame, and the several Petition; to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read*in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in,

at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Conli-' deration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir John Levefm Gawes' have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Ambrose Manaion have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Bouchier Wray have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Woollen whom the Bill for reviving the Act, made in the First Maoufw-

Year lur

a* — 3°

A. 1694.

Ways

and Means.

Year of their Majesties Reign, for preventing the Exportation of Wool, and better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day,

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties* for Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694, a Duty be laid upon all Hackney and Stage Coaches.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That their Majesties be impowered to appoint Commissioners, to license Hackney-Coaches within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Weekly Bills of..Mortality, not exceeding the N umber of Eight hundred.

3* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. . Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 3* die Aprilis;

6° Gulielmi et Marite.

Praters.

N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act P'Offarreir* for the naturalizing Johanna an Infant, N*1-

and her Sifters and Two Brothers, w as read the Fit It time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leckhy for the veiling the Third Part of the Manor of alias , and other Lands, in the County of in

That the said Licences shall be granted for the Term of Trustees, to be sold; and for settling a 1* arm, and other One-and twenty Years. Lands, in 7 and in the County of

4- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lsseof greater Value, to and upon the fume Lies; was That for every Licence so to be granted, there be paid, rea^ die Third time, for a Fine the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and no That the Bill do pals,

more. Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to tire

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lords, and acquaint them, fhat this House hath agreed to

the Bill, with l'ome Amendments: To which they desire their Lordlliips Concurrence.

That for every License so to be granted, there be paid a Rent of Four Pounds per Annum, quarterly.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, _L ti,

That the said Commissioners, so to be appointed by their Die House proceeded to take into Consideration the St. John of

Majesties, do also license all Stage-Coaches. Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Wappm*

7- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Endowment of a Chapel at 1 Yapping, and making of it lWu That for every Licence lb to be granted for a Stage Parochial, and distinct tioin the Paiilli oi lb inice impelt Coach, there be paid a Rent of Eight Pounds per Annum, was committed: quarterly, for One Year. And the Amendments, made by the said Committee to

The first Six of the said Resolutions being severally read R^l, being read a Second time, one by one, the lunie a Second time, the same were, upon the Question severally were> w*th other Amendments, upon the Question leve-put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Refutation being read a Second time; A Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, touching

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by Repair of the Highways: aving out " per Annum, quarterly," and adding " by Ar*d die ^ame was twic

leaving

quarterly Payments And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That for every

twice read; and, with feme Amendments, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,

ingrafted.

be

Licence so to be granted for a Stage Coach, there be Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his V arrant to the \y naid a Rent of Eiuht Pounds: for One Year, by nnarterly Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new' V lit, lor elect-

?aid a Rent of Eight Pounds; for One Year, by quarterly ‘ayments.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That he do prepare, -

and bring in, Clauses for settling the Prices of Hackney "ie Country, upon extraordinary Occasions

Clerk

ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bossiny in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Peter Collitou Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir John Wyn have Leave to go into Leave nf

Ableuce.

Supply Bill; Poll Taut.

and Stage Coaches.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* xefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to their Majesties a Quarterly Poll, for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

Ordered, That Sir Francis War have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomhaughhave Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Snpidv Ri Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, Poll fm to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties a Quarterly Poll, for One Year, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they hud directed him to report to the House; ami which lie read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several feme other Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

34 A Clause

6 W. '& M.

3° — 40 — 5" Aprilis.

*49

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Members of the Iloule to be Commissioners:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the excusing Labourers:

And the same was, by Leave of the House, with drawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrofii'd Bill to prevent the Exportation of Eng- Preventing lish Bullion was read the Third time. 01

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pals u lo"‘

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. White have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. JVheate have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

T«»nage

Duties,

fi'itik 01'

Ej.dind

ttCvrjvjrated.]

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Tonage

r> rr , ti 4,r ir r , , . , .,nf of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to Duties, &c.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolveitself their Maiefiies certain Duties noon Wines, and into a Committee oi the whole House, to consider of the

Ways uid Means.

Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Duties upon Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and also of the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progrefe in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider turther of W ays and Means for raising the Supplies to he grunted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

their Majesties certain Duties upon Wines, and upon England Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and also the Bill for tocuiporated.] granting to their Majesties several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, are committed; That they do prepare and bring in, a Clause of Appropriation, for the Navy,

Army, and Ordnance.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1694.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

Woollen

Manufactory.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving the Act, made in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, for preventing the Exportation of Wool, and better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Committed.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercur'u, 4* die;

6 Gulielmi cl Marias.

Pba ve ns.

fipfusof

Lid.

N ingrossed Bill for the better Discovery of Clippers

i time.

of the Coin of this Kingdom was read the Third

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Discovery of Clippers of the Coin of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. W do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Colonel Granville, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the taking and stating the publick Accounts; and the same was received; and read the Eirlt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

t Mtmbrr Ordered, That Mr. Henry Manaton, in Custody of the uteed Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting him-t.iCtiiiody. kij- from jjs Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Commis-

kxrsof

Accounts.

Fjcr-unging

f.^teers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Yol. XI.

Jovis, 5° die Aprilis;

6° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Bill Execution of for the better Execution of Justice in Wales is com- in mitted, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and ts' Records, in order only to consider the Fees to them referred: And that they do report their Opinion therein.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and

Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by f , b this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the M*n0r\

Third Part of the Manor of Reckby, alias Letby, and other Lands, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling a Farm, and other Lands, in and

Much-Leighs, in the County of Essex, of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses: And also.

To the Amendments made by this House to the Bill Brent'* intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate.

Estate of Nathaniel Brent Gentleman, deceased, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and Maintenance of his Children, who are Infants: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Recovery for the more speedy Recovery of small Tythes, with SinallTythe-s. several Amendments and Provilbes: To which Amendments and Provisoes they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for importing the Importation of Saltpetre, for One year, without any Saltpetre. Amendments: And also,

The Lords desire a Conference with tin's House, in the Lord* desire Painted Chamber, at One a Clock this Afternoon, upon a Conlereuce, the Subject-matter of the Amendments made by this

Q q House

Conference agreed to.

Privilege.

5* Apri

Supply Bill; Hackney Coach Duty.

Hackney

Coach

Regulation.

Conference with Lords.

i5o

House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of John Lord St dwell, lately deceased.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do detire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Complaint being made to this House, That James Freeman, Tho. Pittman, Thomas Dew, William Esquire, John Wtaver, Robert and Samuel House, had, in a forcible Manner entered upon the Possession of Sir Hen. Johnson, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said James Freeman, Thomas Pitman, Thomas Dew, William Pudsey, John Weaver, Robert Giffee, and Samuel House, be summoned to attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, to answer the said Breach of Privilege.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, pretented to the House a Bill for the Licensing of Hackney and Stage Coaches: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Corn-Chandlers, Coach-makers, and Smiths, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in Hopes that this House would regulate the Number of the Ilackney Coachmen, driving in and about London, have trusted them in their several Ways of Trading: That, they believe, their N umber is not now above 800; and if the Hdufe should settle them at that Number, which is too many, and impose a Tine upon them, the Petitioners believe the Coachmen will he utterly unable to subsist, and consequently much less able to pay the Petitioners their jult Debts: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table-

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Secretary

Trenchard, Mr. Boyle, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Mr.

Brener, Mr. Palmes, Sir RTemple, Sir John Lozv-ther, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Mr. Jlfounta-

sue, Sir Eduard Seymour, Mr. Mr. Herbert,

Ir. Smith, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Wharton, Sir -grave, Mr. Comptroller, do manage the Conference to be this Day had with the Lords.

And the Alanagers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

.Air. Wharton reported, That they had attended the Conference; And that the Duke of Somerset managed the fame; who acquainted them, That the Lords had agreed to all the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of John Lord Starcell, lately deceased,‘except Clause B; to

which they disagreed, because it would create a Title in Francis Lee to the Annuity mentioned in the said Clause, which their Lordships conceive he has not without it; his own Counsel having not been able to make

r %

out any Title for him before their Lordships: And there being a general Saving in the Bill, entirely comprehen-five of all AIen3 Claims and Demands whatsoever, both to the real and personal Estate, whereof this Francis Lee mult necessarily have his full Benefit, their Lordships conceive that Clause wholly needless only to preserve his Right, if he hath any; and that it is not reasonable to enact a new one for him in this Bill, which this Clause would do, and would be a greater Security for this one particular Cafe, than is provided for any others concerned in this Bill, which would not be equal.

And he delivered the Bill in at the Table: Where the said Clause being read;

And the Question being put, To infill: upon the said Clause;

It passed in the Negative.

A. 1694.

Ordered, That Mr. Wharton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint their Lordships, That this House doth not infill upon the said Clause.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majesties a Supply Bill; Quarterly Poll, for One Year, was read the Third time. Po11 ^4X-

An Amendment was proposed to be made Pr. lad but One, L. 14, after " Place," to inlert " within London " and Westminster, or Five Miles thereof:"

And the same w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider to the Bill,

That no Person worth above Goal, shall lie obliged to take the Oaths, unless he be summoned by Two of the Commissioners.

And the same was thrice read.

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso be made Part of the Bill.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

/Sir Edward Hussey,

' [Colonel Perry:

/Colonel Holt, 1 [Mr. Muchcll: |t24.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That any Person paying the quarterly Payments at One intire Payment, shall be allowed by the Collector for the prompt Payment; with a Blank for the Rate:

And the Clause was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with 2 s. in the Pound;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

/Mr. Clarice,

h

Air.

/Air. Fuller, LMr. England: So it passed in the Negative.

7*>.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, That no Day-Labourer in Halbandry shall be taxed who pa vs Rent; with a Blank for the yearly Value, and another Blank as to the Value of his Estate:

And the kune was once read.

And the Question being put, That the said Proviso he read a Second time The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea " HmseH'

Tellers for the Noes

54.

7*-

vrj

ft

is?:

fiT

iJi

,-Wi

v*'.': i

1

Christy:

/Mr. Bouyer,

'/Sir Win.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause w>as offered, as a Rider, for explaining a Doubt, wrhich may arile upon the Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and other things, relating to the Contributors; viz. That for every Sum of Ten Pounds adventured, the Contributor shall receive 20 s, per Annum for every Lot that proves not a fortunate Lot:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And a Debate arising upon the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Cavtndish's tituled, An Act for increasing the present Alaintcnance of Estate. the Honourable Henry Cavendish; and for providing a Jointure for such Woman as he shall marry during the Life of his Father, the Earl of Devonshire; he read the Third time upon Monday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

ft

-'Ci Jim

-ter

- fl

.:7u

r

ft

' J_:v

- i

ft

' !i

6W.S/M. 5° Aprilir* 151

O-nmif- Ordered, That the Bill fdftakiilg arid flaring the pub- is ingrossed or written any Conveyance, Surrender of KBfrsof Jich Accounts be read the Second time upon Saturday Grants or Offices, Release, or other Deed whatsoever,

Accra n. Morning next. which shall be inrolled of Record.

13. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Tjtj and Sir Thomis Littleton, according to Order, reported from That a Duty of 5 be paid for tire Vellum, or Parchment

the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- upon which is ingrossed-or written any Writ of Covenant ferred to contider further of Ways and Means for raising for the Levying of a Fine.

the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for Main- 14. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

tonance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the Service That a Duty of 5 be paid for the Vellum, or Parch-of the Year 1694, the Resolutions of the said Committee; ment, upon which is ingrossed or written any Writ of the which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered Entry, for suffering a common Recovery, irt at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; 15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* afld are as follow; vis. ( That a Duty of 5 s. be paid for every Skin of Vellum,

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or Parchment, upon which is ingrossed or written any That, towards the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, Exemplification, of what Nature Joever, that shall pass for Maintenance of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for the the Seal of any Court whatsoever.

Service of the Year 1694, a Duty be laid upon Paper 16. RThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, and Parchment. That a Duty of be paid for every Skin of Vellum

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is ingrossed

That a Duty of Two-pence per Pound be laid upon all or written any Decree, or Difiniffion, made in the Court japanned and painted Paper. of Chancery, Exchequer, Court of the Duchy, Courts of

the Counties Palatine, or other Court of Equity.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Two Pounds be laid upon every Skin or That a Duty of 5 s. be paid for every Skin or Piece of Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, on which any Grants, Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is letters Patents, and Exemplifications of any Honour, ingrossed or written any Institution, or Licence, that shall Dignity, Promotion, or Profit, shall be ingrossed or written, pals the Seal of any Archbishop, Bishop, Chancellor,

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court.

That a Duty of 21, be laid upon every Skin or Piece of 18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vellum, or Parchment, or Paper, on which any Pardon, That a Duty of 5 s. be paid for every Skin or Piece of Reprieve, or Relaxation from pecuniary Fines, or corporal Vellum, or Parchment, upon which is ingrossed or written Punillunents, shall be ingrossed or written. any Writ of Error, Certiorari, or Appeal; except to the

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Delegates.

That a Duty of 40 s. be paid for every Skin of Vellum, 19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is ingrossed That a Duty of 5 be paid for every Skin or Piece of or written any Grant for any Sum of Money exceeding Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is in-io ol.which ftinll pals the Great Seal, or Privy-Seal not grafted or written any pro

dirt Red to the Great Seal. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 5,1. be paid for every Skin or Piece of

That a Duty of 40 s.be paid for every Skin of Vellum, Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is ingrossed ingrossed or written any Sentence given, Attachment or written any Grant of any Office or Employment above made, or Relaxation thereof, in the Court of Admiralty, the Value of 50/. per Ann. 21. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 5 be paid for every Skin or Piece of That a Duty of 40 s.be paid for every Skin of Vellum, Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is ingrossed ingrossed or written any Licence for or Certificate of or written any Prelerrtation, or Donation, of or to any Marriage.

Benefice, Dignity, or Ecclesiastical Promotion, above the 22. RejoheThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, Value of Ten Pounds in the King's Books. That a Duty of be paid for every Skin or Piece of

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is TTiat a Duty of 40 s.he paid for every Skin of Vellum, ingrossed or written any Letters of Mart.

or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, on which is ingrossed or 23. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, . written any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificates, That a Duty of 5$. be paid for every Skin or Piece of of any Degree taken in the Universities, or Inns of Court. Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ingrossed or written any Probate of a Will, or Letters of That a Duty of 40$. be paid for every Skin of Vellum, Administration, for any Estate above the Value of 2

cr Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, on which is ingrossed, 24. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; or written any Dispensation to hold Two Ecclesiastical That a Duty of 5 s. be paid for every Skin or Piece of Benefices, or any other Dispensation, or Faculty, from the Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which Archbishop, or Klafter of the Faculties. any Recognizance, Statute-Staple, or Statute-Merchant, ia

to. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ingrossed or written, and entered in any Court or Office.

That a Duty of 40 s. be paid for every Skin or Piece of 25. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, on which is That a Duty of 2 6d. be paid for every Skin or Piece

ingrossed or written any Admittance of any Fellow of the of Vellum, or Parchment, upon which is ingrossed or College of Physicians, Attornies, Clerks, Advocates, written any Record of and

Proctors, Notaries, or other Officers, in any Court. 2 6.Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ti. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 2 6d. be paid for every Skin or Piece

That a Duty of 40 s.be paid for every Skin or Piece of of Vellum, or Parchment, upon which is ingrossed or Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which written any Judgment whatsoever, signed by any Officer, is ingrossed or w ritten any Appeal to the Delegates, from of the Courts at

the Admiralty, Arches, Prerogative-Courts of Canterbury, 27. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 1

or Yorke. That a Duty of 6d. be paid for every Skin or Piece

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which 1

That a Duty of 5 s. be paid for every Skin or Piece of is ingrossed or written any Commission ifl'uing out of any

Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper upon which Ecclesiastical Court, not particularly charged. 1

Resolved,

The following Resolution i», in this Place, omitted in the Journals; and is supplied from the printed Vote*; viz. " That a Duty

"ofThiee-penceper Pack be laid upon all Playing-Cards.'

Vox.. XI.

1

s0 — -7°

A. 1694.

Ways and Means.

28. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vellum, Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is That a Duty of 2 s. 6d. be paid for every Skin or Piece ingrossed or written every Charter-Party, Policy of of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which Aflu ranee, Pafl port, Bond, Releal'e, Contract, or other is ingrossed or'written any Warrant, Monition, and Per- obligatory Instrument.

fonal Decree, in any Court of Admiralty, or the Cinque- 41. That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ports. That a Duty of 6 be paid for every Skin of Vellum,

29. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which shall be in-

That a Duty of 2 s. 6 d. be paid for every Skin or Piece grossed or written every Petition to their Majesties, the of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which Privy-Council, or their Majesties Courts, Ecclesiastical or is written any beneficial Warrant or Order, under their Civil, and every Lawyer's Brief.

Majesties Hands, except Warrants or Orders to their 42. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Majesties Navy, Army, and Ordnance. That a Duty of 1 d. be paid for every Skin or Piece of

30. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper upon which

That a Duty of 1 s. be paid for the Vellum, Parchment, is ingrossed or written every Declaration, Plea, Replica-or Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written any Special* tion, Rejoinder, Demurrer, and other Pleadings, or Pro-Bail, and Appearance thereupon. ceedings whatsoever, in any Court of Law; and for all

31. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Copies of them.

That a Duty of 1 s. be paid for every Skin or Piece of 43. , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is That a Duty of l d. be paid for every Skin or Piece of ingrossed or written any Bills, Answers, Replications, Re- Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which joinders, Interrogatories, Depositions, and other Pleadings is ingrossed or written the Copies of any Bills, Answers, and Proceedings in Chancery, Exchequer, Duchy and Pleas, Demurrers, Replications, Rejoinders, Interrogato-Palatine Courts, and other Courts of Equity. ries, Depositions, and other Proceedings in any Court of

32. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Equity.

That a Duty of 1 s. be paid for the Vellum, or Parch- 44. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ment, or Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written any That a Duty of 1 d. be paid for every Skin or Piece of Admission into any Corporation or Company, Matricula- Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which tion in the Universities, and Admissions into the Inns of is ingrossed or Written the Copy of any Will.

Court of Chancery. 45. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

33. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties upon Parchment and Paper be

That there be a Duty of 6d. paid for the Parchment, granted to their Majesties for the Term of Four Years, or Paper, upon which every Affidavit, and Copy thereof, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be is ingrossed or written; except Affidavits pursuant to the adjourned until Morning next.

Act for burying in Woollen, and such as are taken before

1.5 1

T,;.

1;: !*'

ti 'll

Ire

iy f '

r,

ftf'i ro ti*1

iu '

.1:;

ft

IK

1

,.n i

,jL

1 ' V

'< ' *')

J-.l

>1 I' ' j

t ;.-T. t

Justices of Peace, and Commissioners for the Taxes, in respect of their respective Offices.

34. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 6 d. be paid for every Skin or Piece of Parchment, or Vellum, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written any Indenture, Lease, and Deed indented, or Deed-poll.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 6 d. be paid for the Vellum, or Parchment, upon which is ingrossed or written any original Writ, Subpoena, Bill of Middlesex, Writ of Capias

quo minus, and every other Writ whatsoever, Process or Mandate, that thall issue out of any Court, holding Plea, where the Debt or Damage doth amount to 40 s. or the tiling in Demand is of that Value.

36. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 6 d. be paid for the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written the Entry of every Action in any Court; except Courts-Leet and Courts-Baron, out of which no Writs, Process, or Mandates, issue.

37. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 6 d.be paid for the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written any common Bail, filed in any Court whatsoever, and every Appearance that shall be made thereupon.

38. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, next Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 7* die Apri

G* Gulielmi et Marise.

Prayers.

CAPTAIN Frederick TVeghman, Daniel Kroger, and Simon IVcdinghousen, took the Oaths appointed, in

order to their Naturalization.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Recovering Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, faallTythes An Act for the more ealy Recovery of fniall Tythes:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 4. leave out " other."

L. G. leave out " then is given or provided."

L. 7. for " unless," read " if;" and after " or," add " if."

L. 30. after " Remedy," add " by this Act."

At the End of the Bill add the Provisoes marked A. B.

1-,

'*'.. iu,

a' L, i ft's, ar.i

k;

.hid h And lw

ht

4 bii

urf;]

Proviso A. " Provided also, That this Act, or any the Remedies or Powers thereby provided, thall not extend to, or be put in Execution for, the Benefit or That a Duty of 6 d. be paid for the Vellum, Parchment, " Relief of any lay Person or Persons whatsoever, Owners

i 1 rv 1 14 1 LL___i~\______*__________ T___T__________! i*__ Ti__4___

x i:

I: ;v-

1 IJ f

or Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written every Rule and Order, made or given in any of the Courts at Westminster, and the Copies of them; and the Copies of any Records or Proceedings in any of the Courts at Jler, not otherwise charged.

59. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 6 d. be paid for every Skin or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, upon which is ingrossed or written every Citation or Monition made in any Ecclesiastical Court, and every Libel or Allegation, Deposition, Answer, Sentence, or final Decree, or Inventory, exhibited in any Ecclesiastical Court, the Courts of Admiralty and Cinque-Ports; and all Copies of them.

40. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 6 d. be paid for every Skin or Piece of

or Occupiers of any Lay-Impropriation, or RectoryImpropriate, or Portions of Tythes; but all such lay " Impropriators, Owners, and Occupiers, shall be and " are left to sue for, and recover, the linall Tythes due to " them, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner " and Form, as they might or could do before the making " of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary " notwithstanding."

Proviso B. " Provided always, and be it Enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That no Person thall aft, "vote, or intermeddle, as a Justice of Peace, by Force " of any of the Powers, Authorities, or Jurisdictions, by " this Act given or granted to Justices of the Peace, " either in or out of the Quarter-Sessions, who is or " shall be Owner, Landlord, or any-way interested in 14 " any

V

-ti.,

l-;Aa

ill

g M

‘i ju -

;U;

.\1

6W.& M. 7 — 9

any House, Farm, Lands, or Tenements, the small j " Tythes whereof, or of the Occupier, or Inhabitant, of or

' in the fame, shall be in Question, or sued for, by means

* of this Act. "

The Four first Amendments, and Proviso A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Proviso B being read a Second time, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Realbns to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference touching the said Amendments:

And it is referred to Mr. Smith, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Clarke, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Palmes, Lord Coningsby, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Christy, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Roberts, Sir John Bodes, Sir Waiter . Rtmyer, Mr

And they are to meet on Monday Morning next, at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

p»ptrs to be Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do inspect the ittunicd. Writings in a Trunk of Mr. Brent's, in his Custody, brought before this House the lait Parliament; and if he find any Writings therein that concern Mr. Palmes, a Member of this House, that he do deliver the same to biin, by a Schedule of the Dates, and Natures thereof, taking a Receipt for the fame.

The King's Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-Spetcuiube fog next, take into Cousideration his Majesty's gracious couudered. (jpeecj, to h0th Houses of Parliament, on the 23th Day of March last,

Soppty bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-fumed the adjourned Debate upon the iugroiled Bill for granting to their Majesties a Quarterly Poll, for One Year:

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Monies which shall arise by the Act for granting certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, during the last Three Years of the Sixteen Years, after all Arrearages of the Annuities paid, shall be hereafter disposed by Act of Parliament, and sot otherwise:

And the feme was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{{£ gfjg* } > «8.

for.he }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Ati'tffors shall deliver to the Commissioners an Account of the Names of the Persons rated, within their several piftrids, and the Sums wherewith they are charged:

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to their Majesties a Quarterly Poll, for One Year.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

J'Pud The House, according to the Order of the Day, took into Cousideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, on Thursday last, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supplies to be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance Vol.XI,

Jprilis. 155

of the Fleet, and Land-Forces, for foe Service of the Year 1694:

And the first: Forty of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 41th Resolution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were propded to be made therein; viz.

By leaving out "Skin of Vellum, Parchment, or;'* and "ingrossed, or;" and "every Petition to their " Majesties, the Privy-Council, or their Majesties Courts,

Ecclesiastical or Civil."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Duty of Sixpence be paid for every Sheet of Paper, upon which shall be written every Lawyer's Brief;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for the Lieenfing of Hackney and Stage Coaches Supply Bill; was read the Second time. Hackney

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Coactl Duty* of the whole House.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti- Cavendish'i tuled, An Act for increasing the present Maintenance of Estate-the Honourable Henry Cavendish; and providing a Jointure for such Woman as he flia.ll marry during the Life of his Father, the Earl of Devonshire; be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Tonage next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties, &c; to consider of the Bill for granting to their Majesties LigiantMncw* certain Duties upon Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and P°ratedd other Liquors; and allb of the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hackney House, to consider of the Bill for Lieenfing of Hackney Coach Doty* and Stage Coaches.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Lma, 9® die Aprilis; 6° Gulielmi et Marias.

'Braham Tassin, D'Allome, Henry Van Berchem,

Reihtir Lampe, Frederick Bode, and Daniel took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting anew Parish of St. John St. John of of Wapping, within the County of Middlesex, was read Wapping the Third time. Panih.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That the new Parish shall have a Share of the publick Charities given to the Parish of Whitechapel, proportionably to the now Charge which they bear to Repairs of the Highways of Whitechapel:

And the Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingnoffed Clause Was offered, as a Rider, That Doctor Paine shall have the same Tythes of Whitechapel, as have, or ought to have, been paid before the Act:

R r And

9® — i o® Aprilis.

A. 1694.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read; It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting a new Parish of John of,

within the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Colonel Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Refolded, That the Names of the said Commissioners be brought in upon Wednesday Morning next: And tlmt every Member of this House do prepare a List in Paper of the Names of Seven Persons, who he shall think tit to be Commissioners, to be put into Glafl'es at the Table.

Resolved, That no Person be a Commissioner, w ho hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to their Majesties.

Cniifers A Petition of divers Merchants in and about the City

and Convoys, of London, in behalf of themselves and other chief Traders on the Coasts of England and Wales, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for the better securing the Trade of this kingdom. Forty-three Ships of War were, by an Act passed this Session, appointed to cruise in such proper Stations as the Commissioners of the Admiralty should think most meet, to secure the Merchant Ships in their going out, and returning home: That none of the said Ships have been appointed, according to the Directions of the said Act: For want whereof many of our Merchant Ships, trading from Port to Port, have been taken by the French; whereby the Trade of this Nation is almost totally obstructed: And praying, That the House will take some effectual Course, that the like Mischiefs may, for the future, be prevented; and the said Number of Ships may be appointed to cruise in proper Stations, to preserve the Trade of this Nation.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty have a Copy of the said Petition: And that they do, Tomorrow Morning, give a particular Account to this House wlvat Ships have been appointed for Cruiling, and to what Stations, since the Act for appointingCruifing-Ships; and also what Orders have been made by them pursuant thereunto: And that the Petitioners do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition was tendered to the House, relating to the Tonag*

Bill for granting to their Majel'ties several Duties upon DuUcS-the Tonage of Ships.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received;

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Tonnge solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^"Ues, &c. consider of the Bill for granting to their Majducs certain Lgu!i mc<». Duties upon Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Put*wdd Liquors; and also the Bill for granting to their Majesues several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bills.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Cavendifli's

Estate.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Knifing

Militia.

Commissioners of Accounts.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for increasing the present Maintenance of the Honourable Henry Cavendishj and for providing a Jointure for such

Woman as he thall marry during the Life of his Father, the Earl of Devonshire; was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That Mr. Cavendish may appoint a Jointure; and make Provision for Children; to take Effect after his Death; as if he were in actual Possession of the Premises:

And the same w as read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided. The Yeas go forth. Tellers for the Yeas, < fMr. Arnold, |_Sir Fra. Massam: } 85-

Tellers for the Noes, fMr. Gwyn, 1 Mr. LutlcreU: j 100.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Bill for taking and stating the publick Accounts

was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will proceed to a new' Election of Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Commissioners be Seven.

Martisy 10° die Aprilis;

6° Gulielmi el Marias.

Prayers.

SIR Mathew Andrews reported from the Committee, B-iilding to whom the Bill for building good and defcnlible ®luPs-Ships w'as committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyputthereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Arthur Cope, Smith, Thomas Prize Claims.

Elliot, James Smith, Thomas Burd, and Hugh on behalf of themselves, and others belonging to their Majesties Ship the Dover, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have faithfully served the Crown; and during the present War, the said Ship Dover hath taken several Prizes mentioned in a Schedule annexed to the'Petition, amounting to a very considerable Value; which the Petitioners are wholly wronged of by their Commanders, notwithstanding an Act of Parliament to the contrary: And praying, That the House will take such Care, that the Petitioners may not be defeated by their Commanders of their proper Rights.

Resolved, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to *

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to F.nrmirnginj whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers was Privateei*. committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

i 6° lip fills.

155

Privilegt.

Halfpence

Bui

fiTliliugS.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the Complaint made the Fifth Instant, of the Breach of Privilege committed against Sir Henry Johnfona Member of this House, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do hear the Matter thereof upon Thursdaynext, in the Afternoon: And that

they do report the iiune, with their opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, which have been pretented to the House, complaining of the Halfpence and Farthings which are now current, are referred, do meet and fit Tomorrow in the Afternoon: And that the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westm and County of

Middlesex, and Mr. Christy, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Kendall have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonathan Trelencny have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Glyn have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Lord Falkland, according to Order, presented to Crnifers the House a Lilt of Ships ordered as Convoys and and Convoy*. Cruisers, for Security of the Coasting-Trade: And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

SHIPS that were under Orders for Cruising, and for the Security of the Coasting-Trade, on the 25th of January last; viz.

Kate.

4

5

3

5

4

6

4

4

5

4

6

5

Ships Names.

Bonadventure

Sherneeffe

Monck

Berwick

Adventure

Greenwich

New cattle

Larke -

Weymouth

Dartmouth

Coronation

Portsmouth

Sinima Merchant

Cornwall

Devonshire -

YTirgin Prize -

Dolphin

Sapliir

Southampton Unity -

Prince of Orange Quaker Ketch Prudence

"J. Cruising off Cape Cleat.

-j- Cruising to the Westward, from the Lizard.

"J, Cruising to the Westward from Scilly.

Cruising between Lundy and the Holmes, in Channel.

Cruising between Zealand, Calls, and Dover, under the Command of Captain Gother, for intercepting Corn-Ships going to France.

-"I Cruising between Cape D'Hogue.and Bullion-Bay, to intercept. Corn-Ships going to

- J France.

} Cruising and Convoying on the Coast of Ireland, according to Order of the Lords Justices. '

- Convoy from Kinfale, Cork, waft. Waterford, to Plymouth.

- Convoy to the Colliery-Trade.

"j- Convoys between Plymouth and Brifoll.

- Convoy between the Nore and Humber,

Ships ordered for Cruisers since the 25th of January last.

Where ordered.

To join Captain s Squadron between Zealand,

Calis, and Dover.

To cruise off Rye, Hastings, &c. for securing the Fishing-Vessels.

To cruise on the Coast of France, to gain Intelligence.

To cruise in the Soundings, 50 Leagues, W. S. W. from the Lizard, for Security of the Ships expected from

Virginea md Barbadoes.

To join Captain Gother, cruising between Zealand, Calls, and Dover, with the Dutch Ships in their Company. To cruise off Shoreham, and Rye, till the Gun-

Vessels and others are laden; and then fee them fate about the North-Foreland.

To join Rear-Admiral Mitchell, who is ordered to cruise in the Soundings.

To cruise off Rye, , &c. for securing the Fiftiing-

Vessels.

Kate. Ships Names* Date of Orders.

4 Dartmouth -j 29 January 93-4. - - j

5 Sinima Merchant J

6 Albrough Ketch - 30 ditto - -

6 Goodwin Prize -j Germoone Prize J Monck February the 8th -

3

4 Newcastle -Greenwich - 1 February 3d

3 Berwick Adventure

4 Weymouth -1 5 ditto - - -1

5 Portsmouth -J

5 England Frigate - is ditto - - -1

4 1 1 . 3 V. 12 ditto - - - /

6 Sally-rose 14 ditto - - - /

5 Play Prize - I

4 Hampshire Weymouth

5 Dclavall -Saudadoes Prize \ England Frigate ( f ' 20 ditto - - -1

4 King-fisher . Crowne Norwich -

5 Pcarle - -J

4 Newcastle - 20 ditto - - t '

Ships going to France.

To join Rear-Admiral Mitchell, cruising in the Soundings.

Vol. XI.

Cr tilers and Coavoys*

io" Apr ills.

A. 1594.

Kate.1 Ships Xansst*,) Bate of Order*.

6 Germoon Prize I 24 February

Goodwyn Prize 2S ditto

Mariana Prize Maidstone Sally-rose 2 March 3 ditto - - -3 ditto - r

4 Dragon - -j

5 Play Prize - - > 6 ditto - - -J

6 England Frigate -j Gravhound - - 1 I 6 ditto -

Rupert Prize 7 ditto -

3 Mary -

4 Weymouth -> Kuby -J 7 ditto -

4 . 5 Dragon - -1 Plav Prize - -J 8 ditto - - -|

3 Dunkirke Mary -

4 Weymouth -Ruby - - -1 Dragon - - / to ditto

Play Prize Adventure Sheerneffe a*

Captain Bridges 1 CPs

6 Goodwin Prize 20 ditto -

Greyhound - 20 ditto -

5 Portsuiouth - 20 ditto -

4 Ruby - 2t ditto -

Captain Bridges 22 ditto -

6 Germoon'Prize 23 ditto -

Captain Bridges 26 ditto, 94.

6 Hind Pink - 26 ditto -

Lai ke - 26 ditto -

4 Forefight - -j A fid fiance - -> Archangell - -J 2 April, 94.

3 Monck ditto -

4 Archangell -A fid fiance - -J 7 ditto -

Sir Geo. Rook® 9 ditto -

Where ordered.

Tocruife on the Coast of France* to gain Intelligence; according to former Orders.

To cruise between Jersey and for gaining In-

telligence.

To cruise between Harwich and Yarmouth.

To cruise between Dungetiesse and Beachy.

To cruise between the North Foreland and Hanoich.

To cruise off Jersey and Guernsey, and the other Islands thereabouts.

To cruise between Dungenesse and the South-Foreland.

To cruise between Burlington and Yarmouth.

To cruise 20 or 30 Leagues W. or W.S.W. from Cape Cleare, for Security of the Merchant Ships expected from Virginea, and other Trades.

To join the Mary, Ruby, and Weymouth, ordered to cruise off Cape Cleare.

To cruise 20 or 30 Leagues West, or W.S.W. from Cape Cleare, under the Command of Captain Bridges, for

' Security of the Merchant Ships coming from Virginea, and the other Trades.

To hasten to his Station off Cape Cleare, with the Ships of his Squadron that are ready, leaving Orders for the relt to follow him.

To cruise on the Coast of France, to gain Intelligence.

To join the Ships cruising between and Guernsey.

To cruise between Jersey and Guernsey, and take under Command the Ships cruising the re.

To join the Ships cruising off Cape

To hasten to his Station off Cape Cleare.

To cruise on the Coast of France, for gaining Intelligence.

To hasten to his Station off Cape Cleare.

To cruise betw een Harwich and

To cruise between the lllands of Sally and the Holmes.

To cruise off Guernsey and Jersey.

To join the Ships cruising off Cape Cleare.

To hasten to the Station between Jersey and Guernsey.

To fend Three Third-Rates from the to join the

Ships cruising off Cape Cleare.

Ships ordered as Convoys for the Security of the Coasting-Trade, since the 25th January last.

4- 1 Samuel and Henry A

5 Sweepftakes - -J

4 Norwich

5 Play Prize -

6 Swallow Prize

4 Norwich Hampshire -Weymouth -

5th Saudados Prize A

6 Pearte Prize - -J

4 King-filber -

3 Dunkirke

5 Saudados Prize A

6 Pearle Prize - /

5 Shoreham

6 Pearle Prize -

5 Prudence

6 Rupert Prize

4 Prince of Orange -1

6 Quaker Ketch -j

27 January, 93*4. 1

30 ditto - - I m

6 February - -

7 ditto -

7 ditto - -

10 ditto -

10 ditto -

13 February < -

14 ditto - -

14 ditto - -

19 ditto - - m

21 ditto - -

22 ditto m j 1

24 ditto - - I

23 ditto - - 1

2$ ditto m

Convoys to the Colliery Trade; and then to proceed to Leith, Berwick, Bridlington, c. for convoying Corn-Ships, &c. from those Parts to the River.

Convoy to all Ships going to the Downes from the River;

To convoy all Ships from Spithead to the

To convoy Vessels laden with Wool, Malt, Draperies,&c. to Jersey.

To convoy ajl Ships from the Downes to Spithead.

To convoy Ships from the Downes to Ostend.

To convoy Ships from Ostend when -die returns to her Station between Zealand and Calais.

To convoy all Ships and Vessels to the West ward as far as Penzance, and back to the Downes.

To convoy Ships from the Downes to Ostend.

To convoy Ships from Plymouth to Spithead.

To put in Execution their Orders of the 13th, without Loss of Time.

To convoy Ships from Shoreham and the Parts thereabouts, to the Downes.

To convoy all Corn-Ships and Vessels to the Westward as far as Penzance; and then to proceed to with such as are bound thither.

To assist the Centurion in convoying Transport Ships to Holland.

To convoy Ships from the River to the

To convoy all Coasting-Vesselsbetween and the t

Hoinies in Bristol Channel.

1

D

4

5

a.',: 0. ! A:

.'tin;

it"

a 1 )u

v

v;V.

*57

r

6 W. M.

io* — i x° Jprilis-

Rate* Ships Karnes. Dates of Orders.

5 Prudence 1 March -

Prince George 5 Ditto 1

6 Marianna Prize

4 New Africa -

Dartmouth - 6 Ditto -

Smirna Merchant -J r

Saudadoes Prize -1 f

Pearle - - -| 6 March -(

6 Pearle Prize - -J [

4 Greenwich - L 9 Ditto

5 Unity - 10 Ditto -

Experiment - 12 Ditto -

Garland - -1 16 Ditto -

Unity - - -/

4 New Africa - 20 Ditto -

5 Charles Galley -j

Shoreham Scarbrough - -J 26 Ditto, 94

6 Jersey, J

4 Newcastle 3 April -

Sa muel and Hen. -1

5 Sweepftakes - -J 3 JJlttO -

Saphire - 6 Ditto -

Tonsge Duties, &(?. [Bank of England mcurpo-wcdj

And the Merchants, Petitioners Yesterday, attending, according to Order;

They were called in.

And the Petition, and the said Lift, were read.

And then the Petitioners withdrew.

Ordered, That the Petitioners have a Copy of the said Lift: And that they do attend this House again upon

Thursday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Duties upon Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and allb the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Consideration of the Bill for taking and stating the public Accounts is over, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Hills.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 11* die Aprilis;

6° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

Entouraging HHIJE House took into Consideration the Report from hmaers. J[ the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers was committed:

And several of the Amendments, made by the said Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vol. XI.

Where ordered.

To convoy the Vessels trading between the Nore and Humber.

To convoy the Vessels bound from , &c. to the

Maez.

To convoy Forces going from Leith to Holland.

To convoy all Ships bound to and the Western

Ports in England, as far as Penzance; and then the Pearle to proceed with those bound to Ireland; and the other Two Ships to convoy those from the W eft ward to the Downes.

To join the Dartmouth in convoying the Forces from Leith to Holland.

To convoy the Ships bound frtim the River to Hull; and others from thence to Hamburgh.

To convoy Vessels from the Nore to the Downes.

To convoy the Ships bound to Hamburgh.

To convoy the Ships bound from the River to Hull', and then to join with the Greenwich at Leith.

To convoy all Ships bound to Gottenburgh and Norway.

To convoy the Merchant Ships from the Downes to Ostend.

To convoy the Colliery-trade to and from Newcastle.

To convoy all Ships bound from to Spit head.

Falkland, J. Lowther,

R. Rich.

And a Debate arising upon an Amendment, Fo. 18. L. 7.

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go into - Member*

Hall, and Courts of Request, and summon the Members summoned. there to attend.

And he went accordingly j

And being returned;

The Members of the House, according to Order, put Commit-- ' into Glasses their several Lists of Persons Names, to be sioners of Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Ac- Account*, counts:

And the Clerk and Clerk-Assistance went, one of each Side the House, with Glasses, to receive the said Lifts.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, to examine and peruse the Lifts, given in by the Members of the House: And that they do report to this House, upon whom the Choice shall fall.

And it is referred to Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Papillion,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Lowther, Mr.

Bromley.

And they w ithdrew into the Speaker's Chambers accordingly.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented supply Bill'-to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duti«» on Duties upon Parchment and Paper: And the same w as Paper, received.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Commis solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to doners of consider of the Bill for taking and stating the publick Ac- Accounts; counts; and also of the Bill for raising the Militia of this Ri"sing Kingdom, for the Year 1694, altho' the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed- the Chair.

S s Mr*

Mr. Boyle reported from the* feid Committee, That they

had gone through both the said Bills, and made several Amendments to them: Which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for taking and dating the publick Accounts be made To-morrdw Morning.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for railing, the Militia be made upon Friday Morning.

0 Aprilis. A.16 94.

And the Question being pet, That the same be read a Second time.

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching the Lord Warden of the Cinque-Ports f

And the same was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Houser

Ordered, That the Rill, with tike Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Mr. Hot ford:

Mr, Speaker,

Supply Bill t The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

p I] r|i O 99

r*u XftX. for raising Money by a Poll, payable quarterly, for One Year, for carrying on a vigorous War against France, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Tonage The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

[Bank of Eng- solvect it felt' into' a Committee of the whole House, to i»nd incorpo- consider further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties m certain Duties upon Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and other

liquors; and of tike Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from tire said Committee, That they had gone through the Bills, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House w'ould please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 12* die Aprilis;

6* Gulielmi et Mariai.

Praters.

£ be (ORDERED, That the Clerk of this House do deliver return* 1/ to Joint Parkhierst Esquire, surviving Trustee, on the behalf of Sidny IVirtlcy, alias Mountague, Esquire, and his Lady, such Writings as concern the said Mr. Worthy and his Lady, which are in the Trunk of Mr. Brent, taking a Receipt for the fame, trpon a Schedule thereof.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties Duties on opofi Paper and Parchment was read the First time. aPer» c* Rejblted, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Encouraging The House resumed the adjourned Debate, upon the Privateers. Amendment to the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto.

And the Residue of the said Amendments, to the said Bill, beiHg severally read a Second time, some were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare and bring in, a Clause, as a Rider, upon the Debate of the House.

And then several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; which, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the examining the Master and Mate, touching Goods embezzled:

And the feme was once read.

Mr. Boyle according to Order, reported from the Con mif-Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for sioners of taking and stating the publick Accounts was committed, Accou"a* That they had left a Blank in the Bill for the Coirtmissioners Names, to be filled up by the House , and had made several Amendments; which he read fn his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Secdnd time, one by one; dnd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed Unto by the House.

Mr. Mountague reported, That the Members appointed Yesterday to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and examine and peruse the Lilts given in by tire Members of the House; and report upon whom the Choice of Commissioners should fall; had examined arid perused the said Lifts accordingly: And that,

Robert Harley Esquire had - -145 Votes.

Sir 77/o. Pope Blount Baronet - "134

Paid Foley Esquire - - - -134

Sir Tho. Clarges Knight - - - 131

Charles Hutchinson Esquire - - 122

Sir Edward Abney Knight - -121

And that, as to the Seventh, Sir James Houblon, and John Pafcall Esquire, had equal Votes, 110 apiece.

Which Report being delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and there read;

Mr. Speaker gave his Voice for Sir Houblon. Ordered, That the Blank in the Bill be filled up with the Names of the said Seven Commissioners.

And the same was filled up accordingly.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Rill, for <ho Commissioners to take an Oath:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Ques-trort put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Mercnant Petitioners, touching Convoys and Confers and Cruiting Ships, attending, according to Order; Convoys.

They were called in; and heard, what they had to offer to the House.

And, being withdrawn;

Ordered, That they be acquainted, That they were discharged of their Attendance, until further Order.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported Tonage from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ®utie*> Bill for granting to their Majesties certain Duties upon Lodliiwpi8 Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and r»led l also the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships; was committed. That they had, according to the Inl'trustions of the House, left out the Duties upon Wines, and infevted the Duties upon the Tonage of Ships m lieu and ftcad thereof; and had altered and made both the said Bills into One Bill; and had made several other Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

And

6 W. & M. 12° — - 140 Jprilis. 159

.And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 13* die;

6 Gulielmi Marias.

I Praters.

af"* A/f R- Boyle reported from the Committee of the whole

i-VX House, to whom the Bill for raising the Militia* for the Year 1694, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Eev-riy* Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, to k*lc' whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees the i state late of Sir James Beverly in lluntingtomhire, to be sold, was committed,

That tiiey had examined and considered the fame, and the several Petitions to then) referred; and had made le-veral Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and u hich he read in his Place/ with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 9. L. 8. leave out "Bedfordshire" and insert " Bedford. "

L 37. before " laving," insert Clause A, for Sale of a Farm, called Keys Farm, and other Lands, which were mortgaged by Sir James Beverly, for the full Value, io Mary Alston Spinster, in Trust, to pay Mrs.;

after Payment of the Trustees Charges.

Prels 9. L. 39. after " Successors," add " the Creditors of the said Thomas Beverly the Father, and Janu s " Beverly, by Bond, Judgment, Recognizance, or other "Specialty."

Pr. 1 o. L. 4. after " Hayes," add " William Warne,

"Mary Alston, and Roger ."

L. 5. after " Demand," add, " in Law or Equity."

The First and Second Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,

The Third Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by

the House.

The last Amendment being read a Second time; the same w as, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed ynto by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Lcgard and

Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

k Jjha, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

II for erecting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of it.

f<ji' John of flapping, w ithin the County of with

some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

| The House proceeded, according to the Order of the

1 r.f4c' ®a)'>so tak'e into Consideration the Report, Yesterday,

L-.,iiacor- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ",rtl Fill for granting to their Majestics certain Duties upon Wines, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and Vol. XL

also the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon the Tonageof Ships; . .:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were Ieverally read a Second time; and, upon the Onefiion Ieverally put thereupon, agreed, and others disagreed. unto by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Ordered That the Bill for granting to their Majesties Supply Bill; several Duties upon Paper and Parchment be read a Se- Duties on eond time Tomorrow Morning. Paper, &c.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

- - - - ----- r -

Sahbati, 14* die Aprilis }

6* Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

MR. Clarke reported from the Committee, appointed Recove|_ of to draw up Reasons, to he offered to the Lords at Tythes/ a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more ealy Recovery of finall Tythes, That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which they had direfiled him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and agreed unto by the Floufe; and , are as follow; viz.

The Commons disagree to the Amendments made by the Lords, in the 4th, 6th, and 7th Lines of the Third Press.

iff. Because the whole Intent of the Bill would be defeated thereby.

2. For that the Bill is designed to give those who are intitled to small Tythes, a more easy and effectual Remedy for the Recovery of them; and to avoid the Vexation of long and chargeable Suits for such finall Matters:

And the Commons conceive it unreasonable, That the Persons to whom small Tythes are, or shall be, due, should be discouraged from seeking their Right, by the Consideration of the Tediousness, and the Expence, of a Suit to recover it; or that the Person, who may have neglected or omitted to pay an Easter Offering of Twopence, a few Eggs, or some such thing, be put to a long and troublelbme Defence; wherein, how little soever ' the thing recovered against him may be, yet he may be condemned in 20, 30, 40/. or greater Colts: And there- fore the Bill provides, That where the Title is not in Question, nor the Value of what is demanded exceeds 20 s. there shall be no Suit for such finall Tythes, hut in the cheap and summary Way that the Bill provides;

Whereas, by the Lords Amendments, that Intent of the Bill is frustrated, and the Inconveniencies and Charges by the former Methods, for Recovery of small Tythes, are not prevented.

3dly. For that the Lords, by a subsequent Amendment, have agreed this Bill to be beneficial to the Clergy; and yet have excluded the Laity from taking any Advantage by it: And the Lords have, by these Amendments, left the Minister at Liberty to bring his Suit upon this Bill, or not; but have absolutely subjefiied the Parishioner to a1 new JuriliJiction, without freeing him from the Danger of being grieved by the old, dilatory, vexatious, and chargeable, Method.

4. For that the Commons are of Opinion, This Bill makes a beneficial Provision for all Parties concerned; and therefore the old Method of Suit for finall Tythea should not be continued: And that there appears to be as muelv Reason against the Bill itself, to which the Lords

have

i6o

14° Apri.

A \ 1694.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vexatbu* for preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits, with some Smts* Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duchy of for enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Cornwall Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of

have agreed, as there is for these Amendments made by the Lords.

The Commons disagree to the Lords Amendment in Line 30th, Press 5th: l ft, Because it alters the Intent of that Proviso, which was to be a Limitation of Time, within which all Claims for small Tythes should be made, or barred: Whereas the Lords Amendment makes it only a Bar to any Suit founded on this Act; but leaves Liberty of Suit for the fame, in other Courts as before.

2dly, For that there is as much reason to limit a Time within which all Suits for small Tythes, due before the passing this Act, shall be commenced, as to limit a Time, within which all Suits shall be prosecuted for small Tythes, that shall become due for the future: And the Lords have agreed to a Clause in the Bill, whereby all Suits for future Dues, are required to be commenced within Three their Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the fame; and Years, or else they shall be barred. for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made; with

3dly, For that the Commons think the First of May some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence 1695, a reasonable Time to be given for bringing any ~r u" r~

Suit for a Matter of so small Value, which is already due;

of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

bec ause few People take Receipts, or call Witnesses to testify the Payment of such little Sums; and, after a Year or two, it would be a hard Matter for any Person that has paid his Due to prove the same: And the Proof w ill, in this Cafe, lie on the Defendant, who ought not to be left to their Majesties certain Duties upon Wines, and upon

The House, according to the Order of the Day, took Tonage Du-into further Consideration the Report from the Commit- tics,

tee of the whole House to whom the Bill for granting

O O

liable thereto for so long a time till it will become very difficult for him to do it.

The Commons cannot agree to the Clause mark'd A:

1. Because they think themselves in Confeience bound to mete the same Meal'ure to all Persons, and to let all the

Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and also the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships;.....:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bills, were severally read a Second

Subjects have equal Benefit of the Laws: And therefore time; and some agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the they conceive, as to small Tythes, whether due to a Lay House, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Person, or an Ecclesiastical Person, the Remedy for the A Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, That such Recovery of them ought to be the fame; for it is an un- foreign Stores as John Taylor Merchant hath contracted doubted Maxim, That where there is the same Right for to their Majesties Use before the first of,

there ought to be the same Remedy. ' which shall be imported, shall not be charged with the

2. The Design of the Bill being to prevent Injustice in Duty ot Tonage: detaining what is due, and to provide against Oppression And the same was twice read, and Vexation in suing for those Dues which are of small And the Question being put thereupon, That the Value; the Reason is the fame, why Laymen should have Clause be made Part of the Bill;

the Benefit of this Bill, as well as Ecclesiastical Persons But by this Clause an Ecclesiastical Person, who is Owner or Occupier of a Lay Impropriation, as the Lords call it, or Rectory Impropriate, or Portion of small Tythes, {halt be included in the Bill, and have the Benefit of it, though a Layman shall not: Now the Commons do not fee any Reason to make any such Difference between Ecclesiastical Persons and Laymen: And are therefore of Opinion That w here there is the same Reason, there ought to be the same Law'.

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be

added to the Bill,

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for appropriating the Monies to be raised by this or any other Act of this Session, except the Money appropriated to pay the Recompences in this, and the Act for granting

Conference desired with Lords.

Cliitieroe

Election.

Supply Bill; Duties on Paper, kc.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, 8$c. to the Use of

upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That the Report Privileges and Elections, Borough of Clitheroe, be made next.

from the Committee of Election for the upon Tuesday Morning

touching the Commissioners of Accounts.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Paper and Parchment was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, was read the Third time:

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Commissioners do, by the next Session, state the Debt due to the Transports, for the War of Ireland:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, *9

the Navy and A;my:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That in case the 1,200,000l. shall not he paid in time, the Fund, intended as a Security for the fame, shall Hand a Security to any Person that shall advance any Sum, to have such Annuities, as the Contributors to the 300,000 U: And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Ships importing Goods from France, shall pay the like Duty of Tonage as those from after the War:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed uuto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for settling the Fees for the Officers of the Exchequer; with a Blank for the Sum:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with " Three Farthings " in the Pound;"

The

<1

;tl

Id

So

.1.'

f^i

Tr-e

tr

I.K

Tti

Soi

.hi

[ lluiik of England in cor-

hr

: Sr.ii

‘J " i:

U;

i-;.

:L -

:(J

t,

6W.0'M. i40 — 1<

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rr , t.u v /Sir S Bernadiston, 1

Tellers for the Yeas,|Mn Christy: j 34-

Tellers for the Ko«»,{"r' } 49-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the lloule do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, {* '^u^} 40.

Tellers ifor the Noes, j 45-

So it passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, against the Trading of the Corporation:

And the lame'Was once read; and withdrawn, by Leave of the House.'

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Eliah Harvey have Leave to offer another Clause of like Nature, to be added to the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Morning,

v Niue a Clock.

Aprllis, i6i

Sentences and Decrees, which shall be made thereupon before the End of the Session, shall be good in Law:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for Pardoning of Officers of Men of War for Offences already committed; with a Blank for the Time:

And the same was twice read; and the Blank filled up with " 2.5th Day of March 1694."

Arid theri the* Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the } 60.

Tellers for the Noes, {cfiowTf} S5'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Pr. i. L. 17, by leaving out " for the Term therein mentioned:

Aud the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for the better Encouragement ot Privateers.

Ordered, That Mr. Bosancendo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Luna, 16* die Aprilis;

6° Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

Sl John of rPHE House toqk into Consideration the Amend-Wjpping JL ments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of St, John of Wapping, within the County of Middlesex: And the said Amendments, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

9 Skin, L. 13. after " who,'read "rightfully;" and, after " is," leave out " or;" and, after, " are," read " or " ought to be."

L, 43. leave out " Reverend."

Ordered, That Colonel Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

I'OfamU'i An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An A fit k for naturalizing Johanna D'Offatrell an Infant, and her Sifter and Two Brothers, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Born/cr, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Waller, Mr. Haw, Mr. Clarke, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Colt, Mr. Sir

John Bolles, Mr. Foley, Sir Fra, Massam, Mr. Christy, Mr. Harries, Major Vincent, Mr. Fuller, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. England, Mr. Barrington, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Mamaton, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Mr.

Arnold, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Air. Bayle, Mr.

Hopkins, Mr. Bockland:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

E'-oorag'ng An ingrossed Bill for the better Encouragement of ir.nwri. Privateers was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. by leaving out the Forfeiture of the Privateer, in case of taking a Ship by Collusion:

And the Question being put, That the said Words do stand in the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

An ingrossed Clause w as offered, as a Rider, That the Act for prohibiting all Commerce with France shall commence on the 14th of March 1602: And that all Vox- XL

Mr. Clark reported, That he having, according to Or- Conference der, been to desire a Conference with the Linls, upon witil the Subject-matter of the Amendments to the Bill for the more ealy Recovery of small Tythes; the Lords do agree to a Conference immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who drew up the Rea-lbns to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Clarke reported, That they had attended the Conference, and given the Lords the Reasons for dif-agreeing to the said Amendments; and left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Duchy of Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Cornwall An Act for enabling their Majesties to make Grants, Lcafl"S-Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of Coor annexed to the fame; and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Prels 2. L. 2. leave out from " Manors," to " shall,"

L. 4.

L. 23. after " Sixty," add, " hath been, and."

Ordered, That Mr. Bose axcn do carry the Bill to the Lords, arid acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendmcnds.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia of this King- i;aifing dom, for the Year 1694, although the Month's Pay, Miium. formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third tine.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year 1694, although the Mouth's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Sir William Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy-Usher of the Black Rod:

t

T t Mr,

16a \6° A 1694.

Royal Afient Mr. Speaker, And then the Clause was, upon the Question put there-

to Bills. The King commands this Honourable Iloufe to attend upon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

his Majesty in the House ot Peers immediately. A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

And, accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went That the House do now adjourn; up to attend his Majesty. It passed in the Negative.

And being returned; Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been That no Fines or Amerciaments against the Corporation pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Publick shall lie pardoned:

and Private Bills following; viz.And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question

An Act for raising Money by a Poll, payable quar- put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part terly, for One Year, for carrying on a vigorous War of the Bill.

against France. Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

An Act for continuing the Act for punishing Officers That the Brewer may, by the Lord Chief Justice's Wal-

and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for Punishment of false Mutters; and for the Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

An Act for the Exportation of Iron, Copper, and Mundick Metal.

An Act for the Importation of Saltpetre, for One Year. An Act for settling the Estate of Sir John Maynard Knight, deceased, late One of the Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of England,

An Act for Payment of the Debts of John Lord Stauvll, lately deceased.

An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Kft ate of Nathanael Brent Gentleman, deceased, to raiie Money for Payment of his Debts, and Maintenance of his Children, who are Infants.

An Act for the vesting the Third Part of the Manor of Led by, alias Letby, and other Lands, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling a Farm, and other Lands, in Teand Much-Leigl in the County of Essex, of greater Value, to and upon the same "Uses.

An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of St.John of H apping, in the County of Middlesex.

Tonsge The Ilotife, according to the Order of the Day, pro-

fiiTt % ^C' ceet*cd to take into further Consideration the Bill for granting Kn^i'and to their Majesties several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships (incorporated.] ar)c) Vess'Is, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors:

And another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Corporation shall nut lend above 1,200,000l. to their Majesties, and shall account, upon Oath, before the Barons of the Exchequer, or the yearly Sums borrowed and lent by the said Corporation:

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It pafi'ed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That if the Corporation shall lend to their Majesties any Sum of Money, or make any Purchase of the Crown, without the Content of Parliament, they shall . forfeit; with a Blank for the Forfeiture:

And the same was twice read; and the Blank therein fill d up by the House.

And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, 'That the Corporation may not trade in Goods or Merchandizes, otherwise than in buying or selling Bullion Gold or Silver, or dealing in Bills of Exchange, or take-ing of Wares for Pawns; with a Blank for the Forfeiture: And the same was twice read; and the Blank filled up by the House:. and other Amendments made in the Clause.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Luftrings imported shall be marked and sealed by the Commissioners of the Customs; with several Blanks as to Forfeitures:

And the same w as twice read; and the Blanks therein filled up by the House; and other Amendments were made in the Clause.

rant, or any other Justices of Peace, take and carry away such Beer, as he shall any-where find of the Retailers who Hand indebted to him, the better to enable him to pay the Duties of Excise:

And the same was read the First time. -And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, against counterfeiting Bills of Exchange:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, against Stock-jobbing:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Commissioners of the Admiralty shall appoint certain Ships, as Crnifers, for the Security of the Merchant Ships; with Blanks for the Numbers:

And the same w as tw ice read; and the Blanks therein filled up.

And then the Clause was agreed unto by the House to

be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to lie added to the Fill,

That Members of Parliament may be concerned in the Corporation to be erected by virtue of this Act:

And the same was twice read; and tome Amendments were made therein by the House.

And the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, against Pressing of Seamen:

o o

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the Iloule, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Act shall not extend to charge any Barge carrying Sand, Lime, or Slate-Stone, from Port to Port:

And the same was twice read; and feme Amendments were made therein by the House.

And the said Clause was, upon the Question put them-' upon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing a Method for the measuring of the Tonage of Ships, according to the Rule printed with the Book of Rates, in 1 (>71:

And the same was tw ice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Merchandize imported from

shall be charged by the Ton, and not by the Measure of

the Shipping:

And the iiime was tw ice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Iloule to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were, upon the Question ft vend ly put thereupon, made by the House to the Bid.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning SupplylMIj

at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the b,:l"'3 ‘j:

7 . 1 Pa: cr, Xc.

15 whole

tfW.Sj'M.

whole House, to considerof the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Paper and Parchment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 17* die Aprilis;

6* Gulielmi et Maria?.

Prayers.

Bfmless A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dute. l \ for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir James Beverhy, in Huntingtonshire, to be sold, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Bill, with some Amendments: To which they de/ire their Lordlliips Concurrence.

tf.Jfrfnce Mr. Arnold reported from the Committee, to whom £miK,r- W]s rrj(Tre(j the Confederation of the several Petitions of several Traders, and poor Inhabitants in and about the City o f London, and Borough of Scat/near ke; and of the mail Shopkeepers, and other poor Inhabitants, without Cripple gate, London; complaining of the Halfpence and farthings now current; That the Committee had examined and considered the said several Petitions; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: 'Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Tin Farthings and Halfpence, not being of the intrinsick Value, and being easy to be counterfeited are an Obliruction to Trade, and a great Grievance to the Subject

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Earthings and Halfpence to be made for the future, ought to be made of English Metal, and of the intrinsick Value, and to be coined by their Majesties.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the same be not lett to farm.

4. lit solved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an humble Addrds be made to their Majesties, that the present Tin farthings and Halfpence, not counterfeited, be exchanged by their Majesties.

The Iii ft Resolution being read si Second time; the same was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed unto by the I Joule.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding " at the Mint And the same was, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Ife solution, lb amended, That the Far-tliings and Halfpence to be made for the future, ought to be made of English Metal, and of the intrinsick Value; and to be coined by their Majesties at the Mint.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Re faked, That the said Committee do prepare an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir John Lout her. Air. JHowi-toguc, and Mr. Clarke, be added to the said Committee.

' Umt Mr. Bowyer reported, from the Committee of Ele ctions ^ico. and Privileges, the Matter touching the Election and Return for the Borough of Clitheroe in the County of J.tn:casta\ as it appeared to the said Committee; the which he delivered in, in Writing, at the Clerks Table:

lure the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Fit ion Gerard Esquire, and Christopher Lister Esquire; by which, either of Vol. XL

163

the Petitioners set forth, That he is duly elected to serve for ClUhcroe in the County of Lancaster; and complain of a Double Return for the same Place: The Committee have examined the Merits of the lit id Election and Return.

The Counsel could not agree who should lirft begin; which depended upon this Queliion, Whether the Election, or Return, should be first proceeded on? And thereupon the Counsel, and Parties, withdrawing, the Committee ordered. That the Right of Election should be first examined, and then the Return.

As to the Right of Election; it was agreed on both Sides, That That was in the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Tree-men: The Burgesses were such as had Estates of Freehold or Inheritance, in Houses or Lands, within the Borough: The Freemen were the Tenants of these Houses, who were to vote, if their Landlords did not; but if the Landlords voted for the Houses, the Tenants were not to vote for them.

For Mr. Gerrard were produced Two Witnesses:

Joseph HU Anson; who produced a Poll taken by himself at the Election; being employed to do so by Mr. JUurris, an Agent-for Mr. Gerrard; and this was examined by the Poll taken by the Under-Sheriff, and found to agree: At the taking of which Poll, all Three of the Bailiffs were by; and by both these Polls, for the Under-Sheriff's original Poll was produced by the other Side, Mr. Gerard had 4b Votes, and Mr. Lister 43.

Edward Robinson; testilied, That the Under-Sheriff took the Poll by Content of ail Parties; the Town-Clerk being excluded from doing of it, as not having done it well the Election before: The Under-Sheriff came to Town the same Day that the J'leflion was.

On the behalf of Mr. Iy/sfer, Exceptions were taken to 13 of Mr. Gerard's Electors:

Against Five, because they were not found by the Inquiry-Jury, and sworn before the Election; viz. Four Burgesses, and one Freeman:

Against another Freeman, because his Landlord voted for the same Tenement:

Against a Burgess, for having fold his Tenement, and being /truck out of the Call-Book before the Election: Against another, for being a Quaker, and not sworn: And against Two others, for being Minors:

And Three more, because they did not pay Burgage-Rent; viz. 16 d. per Annum.

To prove this, they produced the following Witnesses:

Hiliiam Oddi/ the Town-Clerk; who tcliified he had been Town-Clerk Six Years, and had known the Town Twenty Years; and laid, It was the Custom, That no Burgesses or Freemen should vote at Elections, but those that were found by the Inquiry-Jury, and sworn: That he has been at several Elections, and never heard it dil-puted: That this Jury was dismissed by one Bailiff before the former Election, wherein Mr. Gerard and Mr; IVcddnll were Candidates; and no Jury made till after the present Election, w herein the Petitioners were Candidates; but lincc the Election there is a new Jury: That it did not ule to be dilinilii d, but by both the Bailiffs.

He testified likewise, That the Jury was dilinified before the Day to which it was adjourned; but not till they petitioned to be di/iniffed; and were then dilinilied by the Foreman Robinson.

As to the Iforfons excepted against;

He testilied, That Henry Mallam, Henry Banister, Christopher Hartley, and Henry Boocock, that voted for Mr. Gerard\ as Burgesses, and Richard Perkinson as a Freeman, were not found by the Jury, nor sworn:

That John IVillscn, another Freeman, that voted for Air. G crank his Landlord, Chippendale, voted for hblloufe:

That Robert Frank land, that voted as a Burgess for Mr . Gerard, owned to him, That he had Ibid.his Borough-hold before the Election, and w as struck out of the Cuil-Book:

That Richard Colbourne, that voted for Air. Gerard, was a Quaker, and not sworn:

Uiiat Leonard Lowell, that voted as a Burgess for Mr.

# c

Gerard,

16° — if Aprilis.

Clitheroe

Election.

164 170 Apr ills. ^.1694.

Gerard, was at Infant an School: That he never knew a House at the time of the Election, than what he now Minor found, or sworn, but Mr. Mamcaring the present lives in; in an House of Sir Edward Alstons, who Bailiff, about Two Years since; who is the same Person did not vote; and that he was in Possession of the that is the present Bailiff, and voted for Mr. Gerard: House from the 14th of February to the 23d, and That he was sworn at an Alehouse, by the Bailiff; and then turned out by Force, by Oddy; who broke open he was by, and another sworn at the same time: his Door, and flung out his Goods:

That he does not know what Right Mallam, Banister, But Farrer testified, He was not in Possession of that Hartley, or Boocock, have; nor that they offered them- House above an Hour before he was turned out. lelves to the Jury to be found. On behalf of Mr. Gerard;

Edward Farrer, and Richard Wilson, testified, They Objection was likewise made against Four that polled had known the Town, one 30, and the other 20 Years; for Mr. Lyster', viz.

and that it was the Custom for norie to vote in Elections Against Utred and Edward IVas

but such as were found by the Jury, and sworn; and Reversioners:

that he never knew this Custom disputed, or a Right Against JVm. Riddiall; because, though he was Te-claimed by Perl'ons not found, and sworn, till this laftElec- nant, yet his Landlord voted for his House; and Nicolas tion: And Farrar instanced in Two Persons that had Bur- W; for the same Reason. gage-Tenements, and yet did not vote, because not found The Exception to the last was agreed by Mr. Lister' % and sworn; viz. Mr. diamond and Richard Grosden. Counsel: And as to the former the Proofs were thus:

Farrer likewise confirmed all that Oddy had said before, Robinson testified; as to the Two first, That they were as to the particular Persons objected against; and further hut Reversioners of Burgage-Tenants; and that Two testified against Three j viz. James Slater, George Dale, Women had Estates for Life in them, and were in Pof-and John Colthurst, that voted for Mr. Gerard; that fefliun.

though they were Burgesses, yet they paid no Burgage- But it was said, on the other Side, That where Wo-Rent to the Lord of the Manor; and therefore, by the men have Estates for Life, who cannot vote, there the Custom, were excluded for voting at Elections. Reversioners may vote:

But, on the other Side, it was testified by Robinson, Oddy testified this to be the Custom; and that these That all that had been Owners of those Iioufes before, Reversioners were found by the Jury, and sworn. had always voted at all Elections, and never objected Robinson, a Witness for Mr. Gerard, confefied, He against, or refused: w as of the Jury that found Webster, and was for finding

The same was also testified by Thomas Dugdall, and him; but he is since better informed: confefied by Farrer a Witness for Mr. Lister, who testi- Dudly, another of Mr. 's Witnesses, confefied,

fied their Non-payment of Burgage-Rent. He was likewise of the Jury, but against finding him.

To these Objections, were answered for Mr. Gerard, Oddy likewise testified, That Slater, that voted for Mr. That this Custom, That none but such Burgesses and Gerard, was a Reversioner, as well as these that voted for Freemen should vote at Elections, as were found by the Mr. Lister.

Inquiry-Jury, and sworn by the Bailiffs, was an unrea- Robinson likewise testified, That that

lonable and illegal Custom, and therefore void; as put- voted for Mr. Lister as a Freeman, his Landlord Warren ting it too much in the Power of the Jury or Bailiffs, to chose to vote for the same House; and that the Landlord hinder whom they plealed to vote, though they had might chule which House he would vote for, though he never so much Right. had other Tenants:

It w'as likewise testified by Henry Baily, That one of But this was denied by Farrer; who said, Landlords the Inquiry-Jury confefied to him, That they purposely could not debar their Tenants from voting, when they avoided meeting, that Mallam, and the rest objected had other Tenants to vote for.

against for not being found, might not have an Oppor- Robinson and Dudley likew ife testified, That Mr. Nowdl, tunity of being found, and sworn; and that there being that voted for Mr. Gerard, was Woane's Landlord.

Eleven of the Jury together, he absented himself for fear Mr. Kenyon, a Member of the House, testified, as to of making a Twelfth Man: the Custom of being found by the Inquiry-Jury, and

That Oddy, the Town-Clerk, confefied to him, That sworn; and that Mr. was yet a Minor; and

he knew that Mallam, and the other Mandamus-men, had that Mallam, and the other Mandamus-men, bought their a Right; and declared, that he would have entered them, Borough-holds, to serve a Turn; and Robinson the Fore-if they had come to him. man of the Jury fold them to them.

He testified likewise, That these Men offered them- And that thereupon the Committee came to this Re-selves to the Jury, and were denied to be found, and solution; viz.

sworn; and yet voted at the former Election, where Mr. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Weddall and Mr. Gerard were Candidates; and some of That Fitton Gerard Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to them had given Votes at some late Elections of Bailiffs, serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clithe-but does not know they did it before: Believes they roe in the County of Lancaster.

had their Borough-holds since Mr. Parker's Death: Afterwards the Counsel being calk^J in, upon the Mat-

That they were received by one Bailiff, but rejected by ter of the Return, the Counsel for Mr. Lister declared to the other. the Committee, That the Witnesses, that should prove

Robinson likewise testified, That he was Foreman of their Cafe, were gone away; and therefore they would the Inquiry-Jury; and that Mallam, and the other Three not trouble the Committee with opening a same they Burgesses objected against, have Lands in the Borough, could not then prove.

and tendered their Writings to the Jury: Whereupon, being again withdrawn, the Committee

That the Jury found Colebourne the Quaker, and resolved to proceed upon the Matter of the Return, allowed his Right of being Burgess; and that he still And the Counsel for Mr. Lister offering nothing, th* continues to have his Right, aa such, in all other Matters Counsel for Mr. Gerard called Two Witnesses; belonging to the Borough: Dugdall; who testified, That Mr. Mamcaring was

That Nmellxs a Man grown, and has a Borough-hold, fairly cholen Bailiff, had 38 Voices, and Mr. Wilkinson

and tendered himself to the Jury: but 36: That it was brought to an Equality, by letting

That Frankland lives still in the House; and in that a Vote down wrong: And that Mr. Mamcaring was same he has Right to vote, till another be entered, by the sworn Bailiff before this last Election.

Custom of that Place: And Robinson; w ho testified, That Mr. Mamcaring,

That Perkinson lives in a free House belonging to the before the Election, was found by the Inquiry-Jury, Borough; and therefore has Right to vote, his Landlord whereof Bailiff Lister was one; and sworn, without any not voting. Objection.

Dugdall testified, That John Wilson was in another

The

6W.<£j*M.

170 — 18° Aprilis.

l65

japply Bill;

puties on Pap€f, &c.

The Returns were in this manner: In the Indenture, whereby Mr. Gerard is returned, Mr. Mamcaring and Mr. Lyster are named as Bailiffs; but Air. Alatruariwr only- Turned the Indenture with our liurgdics; but not Bailiff Libs ter.

In the Indenture, whereby Mr. Luster the Petitioner is returned, Mr. Ambrose Pudsey, and Air. Lyster, are named Bailiffs: and have both tinned the Indenture; and both tlide indentures arc returned by the Sheriff.

Thereupon the Committee

Ordered, That the Matter of the Return should be thus Ijx'cially reported to the House.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Tilton Gerard Klquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clitheroe in the County of Lancaster;

The Mouse divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers forte Yeas{^"">

Tcllenr for tire Noes, gif;:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Returns for the juid Borough, in order to amend the lame.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide!* of the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Paper and Parchment.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

An Amendment was proposed to be made; Pr. *. Tonage L. *. by leaving out €i at the time of the sealing such Duties, &c. " respective Security:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, ] agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Also the same Amendment was made, Pr. *. L- *. in the same Clause.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in Pr.

*. L. *. after " Administrators," to insert " in proportion to their respective Shares or Subscriptions, as " aforesaid:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That

119

r>-2

Morning, Nine a Clock.

flilhtito

letum

mended.

Mercuni, 18° die;

6° Gulielmi el Mariae.

Praters.

THE Clerk of the Crown, according to Order, attended with the Returns for the Borough of in

the County of Lancaster; and amended the fame, by taking off the Return of FittonGerard Esquire, and rating out the Name of Christopher Lysterout of the Return under the Seal of the said Borough, and inserting the Name of the said Fit Ion Gerard in the room thereof.

An ingrossed

Bill for building good and defensible Ships was read the Third time.

An Amendment being proposed to be made L. 2d, after "Customs," to insert " of Tonage and Poundage And the Question being put, That the said Words be added to the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for building good and defensible Ships.

Ordered \That Sir Henry Ashurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majesties several Hates and Duties upon the Tonage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, lor securing certain llccompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as ilia.Il voluntarily advance the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, was read the Third time. Vo l: XI.

Tonage

iLtftS, &c.

[hr.i g( ><1

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Person shall subscribe to the Bank above 10,0001.: And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That all Bills of Credit, under Seal of the Corporation, may be assignable by Indorsement:

And the same was twice read; and amended by the House; and then read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That ali Sums lent upon the Credit of the said Fund, shall be entered in a Book, that it may be known when the 1,200,000l. shall he advanced:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That . *

And the same was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up by the House:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to lie made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Person shall have above 20,000l. in the Bank, except it happen by Marriage, Legacy, Executorship, or Death of Parties, and not otherwise; with Blanks:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up by the House:

And then the Clause was read the Third time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Officer belonging to the Excise shall vote for, or influence any Person to vote for Parliament-Men; with a Blank for the Forfeiture, and Time when to commence:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up by the Houl'c:

And the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause w as offered, as a Rider, That the Gauger shall leave a Note, in Writing, of the lait Gauges; with a Blank for the Penalty:

And the same was twice read; and the Blank filled up by the House:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

liefulvcd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonage of Ships and Vessels, and upon

U u Beer

Supply Bill; Duties on Paper, &c.

Supply Bill; Hackney Coach Duty4

D'OffarrelTs

Nat.

Halfpence and Farthings.

Stockbridge

Writ,

Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Surn of Fifteen hundred thouiknd Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Ixjrds, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Paper and Parchment

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Licensing of Hackney Coaches.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Johanna D'Offarrell an Infant, and her Sifter and Two Brothers, is committed, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to prepare the Address to his Majesty, touching Halfpence and Farthings, be revived; and do fit Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Joris, 19° die Aprilis;

6* Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AMOTION being made, and the Question being put, That a Warrant be now directed to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stod, bridge, in the County of Sout, in the room

of Richard IF hit eh cad Esquire, deceased;

It passed in the Negative.

The Lord Combury reported from the Committee, to PrizeClaim*. whom it w>as referred to examine and consider of the Petition of Arthur Cope, and others, on behalf of themselves, and other Seamen belonging to their Majesties Ship,

That they had examined the Petitioners, touching the Matter of the said Petition) and that they had delivered to the said Committee a List of several Goods embezzled by the several Captains complained of by the said Petition; and that the Committee had directed him to report the said Lift, and Examinations, to the House: Which Report he read in his Place; and alterwards delivered the fame, with the said Lift, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w ere read; and are as follow; viz.

Arthur Cope one of the Petitioners, who has been Gunner on board of their Majesties Ship the Dover these Fifteen Years, said. That himself, and the rest of the Petitioners, did, before Christmas last, apply themselves by way of Petition, to the Lords of the Admiralty, for Re-dress of the Wrongs they have received from the several Captains w ho have had the Command of the said Ship Dover, since the Year 1689; but that they could get no Anl'wer to their said Petition, till about Three Weeks ago; when they were told, That the said Captains were sued in the Court of Exchequer by the Commissioners of Prizes for the King's Part; and that they could have no Account w hat would come to the Petitioners Share till that Suit w as ended.

And laid further, That Three of the Ships, mentioned in the Lift annexed to their Petition, are now in their Majesties Service; viz. the Half-Moon, now made a Fire-ship; the Mary Anna, and the He, both Men of War:

And that the other Ships, mentioned in the said Lift, have been tnoft of them dii'posed of by the said Captains, to their ow n private Uses; particularly one taken by Captain Bing, which was a French Ship laden with Brandy, whereof he gave tour Gallons apiece to his Officers; the rest he kept himself, and burnt the Ship: Another, which was taken by Captain Whitaker, the Captain took the Cargo, put it on board another Veil'd, and lent it beyond Sea; but w hither, the Petitioners know not.

Anil that the other Petitioners said the same things, and gave the same Account, as Arthur Cope had done.

An ACCOUNT of what Prizes have been taken by their Majesties Ship Dover, as likewise by what Commanders, with their Number of Guns and Tonage; viz.

Time when taken* Ships Names* Captains Names 5 O Ton- age.

4th Aug. 80.. A Banker - 100 I

5th. - - A Buss - 7° 11

20 - ' "wo Brothers of Dublin - 100 L

20 Dec. 89. The Charles Privateer. m — 22 230 1

21 Mar. - The Golden Lyon - Captain Geo. Byng m 170 \

5th May 90. A French Ship - 50

27 Dec. 90. Half-Moon Privateer. 22 200

4 Febr Henry Privateer. m m + 24 200 '

15 Mar. 90. A Dane Ship - - - m - Co '

13 March The Mary of Calis. ? 1 40

10 June 92 St. John the Baptist. j f Captain Edward LI Whitaker - - J 1 1 100

by the Commander.

eef, Butter, Leather, &W00I; sold by the Captain, inen Cloth, and Canvas, and several Bales of Paper, with some Salt, sold by the Captain, he Ship funk at Plymouth; the Guns, Cables, Anchors and Sails, sold by the Captain, fine, and Brandy, and Copper; sold by the Captain, to the Value of 6,0001, as the Clerk of the Prize-Office did prove to us.

the Officers Gallons apiece, and the relt to himself; and the Ship burnt, he belt Part of the Anchors, Cables, and Sails, sold by ... Captain; and other small Stores.

Die heft Part of the Anchors, Cables, and Sails, loid by the Captain; and other small Stores, ine and Brandy taken out by the Captain, and put into another Vessel, and Transported; but whither, know not.

Flax, Cattles, Anchors,& Sails; sold by the Captain, i Paid to the Captain for Goods between Decks, L 71 I. 2-y.

19 Aug,

T.-

;>n.

_X

>_ Ac

..I

:Ik' ii At-: to re 1

.*e Lie . re a> i i.

:uT*

huVH

m

- A '.

.'.Hi

AVi

J. ..V;,

"tii

*. T,

a \

Jr T j

*v;

.1

" 4.'. v

'-D,

; tr

' '> Ci

' :>

v: A:

A.L

'M

1

ATi

'-I

r

6 W. & M.

190 Aprilis.

167

Time when taken. . Ships Names. Captains Names 1 </) § 0 Ton- age.

19 Aug. Revenge Privateer IS ! 100

9 January Waking Lyon Privateer m m > i. m I 100

16 January Mary Ann Privateer - - 16 120

4 June 93. The Bullcw Privateer Captain Wm. Crofie 30 300

/ he-take* r ships.

Julyu, 89. A Fly-Boat of London. Captain Geo. Byng 14 300]

9 Nov. 91. A Ship of Bristol. By Captain Whitaker - 50 1

Ditto. - . A Pink of London. - 60 I

22 Dec. 92. A Brandenburgh - - 16 30 I

HJfpenee ud Farmings.

lOffarrtll'i

hi

Guns, Cables, Anchors, Sails, and other small Stores; sold by . Captain.

All sold by the Captain, except Hull, Malts, Yards, and standing Rigging.

Cables, Sails, and small Stores; sold by the Captain. Paid the Captain for Guns, 300 /. sold by the Captain 12 Inch Cables, 2, "]\ Inch Cables, one 5 Inch, 1 new Cordage 1,000 Weight; a new Gang of Fore-Sails, Shrouds, and Stay; 1 Anchor, 12 c, one new Suit of Sails.

Smith, Carpenter.

'rom the 4th August 1689, to the 16th January 1692, Hugh Jenkins, Cooper, rom 13th March 91, to June 4th 93. Tho. Elliot, Boattwain.

rom the 10 June 92, to the June Smith,

Carpenter.

Arthur Cope, Gunner for the whole Time. Thomas Bird, Cook for the whole Time.

And the House being informed, That the said Captains Act shall not exempt any Person from paying such Duties were now actually in their Majesties Service in the Fleet to the City of London, as they now pay: at Sea; And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

Ordered, That Admiral Russell have a Copy of the said It passed in the Negative.

Report and Lift, in order to accommodate the said Matter. Resolved, That the Rill do pass.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in the Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to prepare an Title, by adding " and others humble Address to be presented to his Majesty, touching The same was agreed unto by the House.

Farthings and Halfpence, do withdraw into the Speaker's Ordered, That Sir Bolles do carry the Bill to the

Chamber, and prepare the fame. Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to

the said Bill, with the said Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Johanna D'Offarrell an Infant, and her Sifter and Two Brothers, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. ]. L. 16. after " Allegiance," insert " and also " Abel TassinD'Allonne, Son of Abel and

" Johanna, or Jane, Bomrnert his Wife, born at the Hague " in Holland; Captain Frederick Son of John

"JVeyhman, and Mary his Wife, born at " niel Kroger Merchant, Son of Hans Kroger, and Christeam his Wife, born at Bergen in None ay; Simon "dinghousen. Son of Albrecht Weddinghousen, and Mar-"garet his Wife, born at Gottenburgh in the Kingdom of

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Keck and Mr. Railing Mr. Speaker, Militia.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-four, without any Amendments: And allb,

They have agreed to the Amendments made by this Beverley'* House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Estate*

Tru frees the Estate late of Sir James Beverley, in tonshire, to be sold.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole Heule, to whom the Duties on Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon FaPer>&c< Paper and Parchment w'as committed, the Amend-

Sweden; Daniel Olivier, Son of Philip Olivier, and Ma- merits made by the said Committee to the said Bill; the

" ry his Wife, born at Chandener, in Poitou, in the Kingdom of France; Henry Van Son of Jacob Van

" Berchem, and Anne his Wife, born at Bremen in "many; Reinier Lampe, Son of Peter Lampe, and t{beth his Wile, born ..Bremen in Germany; and " rick Bode, Son of John Bode, and his Wife, born "at Bremen in Germany, all professing the Protestant "Religion, and born out of their Majesties Allegiance."

L 25. After " D'Offarrell,' insert " and the said "Abel Tassin D'Allonne, Frederick JVeyhman, Daniel

"Kroger, Simon Weddinghousen, Daniel Olivier, Henry

" Van Berchem, Reinier Lampe, and Frederick Bode."

L last, after " D'Offarrell," insert " and the said Abel 1 Tassin D'Allonne, Frederick IVeyhman, Daniel Kroger,

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House; And feme other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Borrowing Clause was, according to Order, offered, with Blanks, to be added to the Bill:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up by the House:

And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made part of the Bill. Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for

" Simon Weddinghousen, Dan. Olivier, Henry Van Bcr- charging Physicians, not charged by the Act, with certain

" chem, Reinier Lampe, and Frederick Bode."

Pr. 2. L. 27. After " D'Offinfert " and the " said Abel Tassin D'Also/nie, Frederick JVeyhman, Daniel "Kroger, Simon Weddinghousen, Daniel Olivier, Henry " Van Berchem, Reinier Lampe, and Frederick Bode."

To the Title add " and others."

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the

Vol. XI.

Payments; with Blanks for the Sums:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Resolved,

1.9

20

21

Aprilis.

A. 1694.

i'1

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this lionfc will, Tomorrow Morning

Ilackney at Eleven a Clock, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the oacfa Duty, whole House, to consider of the Bill for lipenting Hackney Coaches. 0

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his The Ch*[i. Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his lain. Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will graciously please to confer a Dignity in the Church upon Mr. Maurice Vaughan, the Chaplain of this House.

Tencris, 20° die

G# Gulielmi Marite.

Prayers.

Address respecting Half-pence ami Farthings.

Supply Bill; Hackney Coach Duty

MR. Arnold reported from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an humble Address to be presented to his Majesty, touching Farthings and Halfpence, That they bad prepared an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read the l'iift time throughout; and then a Second time, Paragraph by Paragraph; and, with some Amendments, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament aiVembled, being highly fen-fible of your Majesty's unparalleled Goodness, tender Affection, and great Charity, towards your People, do humbly beg Leave to represent to your Majesty, That the present Tin Farthings and Halfpence, not being of the intrinsick Value, and eaiily to be counterfeited, are therefore become an Obstruction to trade, and a Grievance to your Majesty's Subjects: And therefore do most humbly bel'eech your Majesty, That the Farthings and Halt-pence, to be made for the future, may be of English Metal, to be coined at your Majesty s Mint, of the intrinsick Value: And that your Majesty will be graciously pleased, That the same may not be let to farm; and to order such of the present Tin Farthings and llallpence, as are not counterfeit, to be exchanged; that thereby your loyal Subjects may be ealed and treed from the In-con veniencies that have arisen by the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for licensing Hackney and Stage Coaches, w as read.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Met'ede/h:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, without any Amendments.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

Commit

fioneis of Accounts.

H

\?.i

p I

Supply Bill; Duties on

Resolved, That it be an Instrufction to the said Com- accordingly, nittee, That they do consider of the Fine, Rent, and Another Amend dumber, of the said Hackney Coaches. to leave out

An ingrafted Bill for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against was bapu, See,

read the Third time.

An Amendment w as proposed to be made, Pr. 1. L. 16. to leave out " Four," and insert " Eight

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. 4.

L. 38. alter " Parchment," to insert " or Paper:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the llouie; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. 6.

L. 24. after " W1 it," to inlert " except such Original,

" on which a Writ of Capiasifl'ues :"

And the same was. upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to lie made, Pr. 7.

L. 9. after " arrested," to leave out "as by the Courie " of the several Courts it ought to be done :"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment w as proposed to be made, Pr. 8.

L. 4, after " Equity," to inlert " Except the PaperDraughts of Depositions, taken by virtue of any Commission, before they are ingrollbd

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the

A

Diciplining liie Navy.

mittee,

N umber,

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause to the said Bill, for the Commissioners to license a convenient Number of Coaches, to ply on

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 21° die Aprilis;

6° Gulielmi et Maria?.

Pray ers.

AA RDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Bill _ lor the better Discipline of their Majesties Navy Royal

Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. 8. out " Four," and insert " Eight:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

And the like in Pr. 10. L. 14.

And the like in Pr. 11. L. 5.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. 14. L. 7. to leave out " One hundred," and insert " Five:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

And the like in Pr. 14. L. 13.

And the like in Pr. 14. L. 25.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That the Proclamation for altering the Stamps shall be sent to the chief Officers of every Market-Town to be by them published to the Inhabitants.

And the same was twice read; and amended by the House:

And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That Writs shall contain but One Cause of Action:

And the same was once read; and by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider to

is committed, be revived; and do fit upon Monday Morn- the Bill, for making Bonds, Bills, and Notes, assignable. ing next. Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers, And the same was twice read:

21. And

t.

q:

X. to

..rf tl o.i ihi and 1

jC f: ‘:t7

-X

6W.&JVL

21° — 230

169

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to charge Bills of Exchange, Accounts, Bills of Parcels, Bills of Pees, Bills or Notes, not sealed, for Payment of Money at Sight, or upon Demand, or at the End of certain Days of Payment:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against jFrance.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Harley reported from the Committee, to whom Disciplining the Bill for the better Disciplineof their Majesties Navy- lhe Royal was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

p'Otfarill's

U

feiding

A Message from the Lords, by Mr* Mercdeth and Mr. Pitt:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Johanna D'Ofar ell, an Infant, and her Sifter, and Two Brothers: Andalfo,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for building good and defensible Ships, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

k?ply Bill; Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of ubPm vv 'c ^0U^eJ *° whom the Bill for licensing of Huck- neyand Stage Coaches was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; the which he read in his Place, with th£ Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House: And other Amendments were made to the Bill by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, for giving Liberty to a certain Number of Coaches to ply on Sundays:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and other Amendments made therein by the House; and the Clause agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Magistrates to punish Abuses committed by Coachmen: And the same was twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not prejudice the Privilege of the University of Oxford,\ in licensing their Stage Coaches, they paying the Duties of the Act.

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Building Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, SbiPf* An Act for the building good and defensible Ships:

And the same were once read throughout; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. L. 13. leave out " Decks and half," and insert " reckoning the Orlop for one :" and, after " Cattle,* u add Quarter-deck, and Rouud-house."

L. 14. after ‘‘Plank to Plank, "insert "their Hawfes " to be between Decks; the said Ships to be of no " lets than 4r>o Tons; and to have no leis than Ten " Ports of a Side between Decks."

L. 15. and 16. lor "at least," read " close; of which " Eighteen to be between Decks; the said Guns upon " the Lower Deck to be Demi-culverin, of 30 Hundred Weight at least; upon the Upper Deck, Forccuftle, u and Steerage, to be also Demi-culverin, of Two-and-u twenty hundred Weight at least; and those ill the lt Cuddy to be Six hundred Weight at least."

L. 20. after " Customs," read " commonly called " and known by the Name of the Subsidy of Ton age " and Poundage."

At the End of the Bill, add the Provilb marked A,

That if at any time, after the Three first Voyages, any of the said Ships shall be altered, so as they may be less deft nfihle, they shall be forfeited to their Majesties.

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill*

L. 13. after " Three Decks/* to leave out " or :"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, with the said Amendment niade by this House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Lords, being read a Second time, one by one, w ere, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Ashurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with an Amendment:

To which this House desires their Lordships Concurrence*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock,

Luna, 23° die Aprilis;

6* Gu.lielmi et Marice.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Berealstonin the County of Devon, in the room of John Srcinfen Esquire, deceased.

Vol. XI.

j

An ingrafted Bill for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and Stage Coaches, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by leaving out the Clause for permitting Coaches to ply . on Sundays.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause do Hand in the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, gjr A* flirt.

Tellers for the NoeJ?ir

' (Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That no Person shall have any Grant, or Pension, of any Money arising by the Act; with a Blank for the forfeiture:

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blank filled up by the House:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

X x The

Supply Bill Hackney Coach Duty*

58.

u-

Answer to Address#

Disciplining the Navy.

Tonage Duties, &c.

plank of England incorporated.]

Parliament further prorogued.

Parliament further pro* rogued.

Parliament further prorogued.

23" — 24" — 25° Aprilis. — 18" Sept. — <25 6° Nov. 1694.

66.

45-

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^'p^BUe,

Tellers for the Noes,{|

So it passed in the Affirmative*.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, and Stage Coaches.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr.Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That, he having presented the humble Address of this House to his Majesty, touching the Tin Earthings and Halfpence, his Majesty was plealed to return this gracious Anl'wer; vis.

That he is willing to comply with the Desires of this House; and will do in this as far as is conliftent with the publick Good.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Difeipline of their Majestics Navy-Royal was read the Third time.

liefolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for the better Difeipline of their Majestics Navy-Royal.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 24° die Aprilis;

6° Gulielmi ct Marias.

Prayers.

AM ES S AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Ilolford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majestics several Rates and Duties upon Tonage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as ilvall voluntarily advance the sum of Fifteen hun-red thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, without any Amendment: Alio,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made Building 0 by this House, to the Amendments made, by the Lords, ^'P8* to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building good and de- y

sensible Ships.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,25° die Aprilis;

6° Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

AMESS AGE from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Aliks Cooke and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney and Stage Coaches, without any Amendments: Alio,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Difeipline of their Majesties Navy-Royal, without any Amendments.

And then the Mcifengers w ithdrew.

Supply Pill; Duties on Paper, &c.

Supply Bill; Hackney C'oarh Duty,

Difeiplining the Navy.

A MeiTage from his Majesty, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy Menage to Usher of the Black Rod: attend the

Mr. Speaker, King.

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up.

And his Majesty was plealed to give the Royal Assent Royal AflhPj to several publick and private Bills, and to make a gra- to Ms, and 1 cious Speech to both lloui'es, and to prorogue the Parlia- ^arIia^t ment until Tuesday the Eighteenth Day of September pror0elie ' q next.

Mortis, 18" die;

6* Gulielmi et Marias.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and the House being met;

A MeiTage was delivered by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read for the Proroguing of this Parliament until the ‘2.r)th day of October next.

And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly.

Jovis,25' die;

6s Gulielmi ct Alarise.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and the House being met; v

A Alclfage was delivered by Sir Shepherd,

Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read for the Proroguing of this Parliament until the Sixth of November next.

And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly.

Mortis, 6° die;

6" Gulielmi et Maria;.

Parliament being prorogued to this Day; A the House being met;

A Alefiage was delivered by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Air. Speaker,

and The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance oftiiib Honourable

In the original Journal it ilandi, " So it passed in the Negative."

i'\!

i'.!

e: i

0,

s

6 W. & M. 6° — 12° Novembris. 171

able House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said for the Proroguing of this Parliament until Monday the Commission read. 12th of November instant.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly, the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read

Lunev, 12° die Novembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Marine; annoque Domini 1694. Prayers.

Bleirisre10 A MESSAGE from his Majesty by Sir Fleetwood t'ie -/A Shepheard' Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned; ybe King s Mr. Speaker reported That his Majesty had been pleased

Speech to make a gracious Speech to both Houses: And that, to jeported. prevent his Mistake in Reporting thereof, he had desired and obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I AM glad to meet you here, when, I can say, our Adairs are in a better Posture, both by Sea and Land, than when we parted last.

The Enemy has not been in a Condition to oppose our Fleet in these Seas; and our fending so great a Force into the Mediterranean has dilappointed their Designs, and leave us a Prospect of further Success.

With respect to the War by Land, I think, I may say, That this Year a Stop has been put to the Progress of the French Arms.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have had so much Experience of your good Affection to me, and of your Zeal for the Publick, that I cannot doubt of your Assistance at this Time: I do, therefore, earnestly recommend to you to provide such Supplies as frnay enable me to prosecute the War with Vigour; which is the only Means to procure Peace to Christendom, with the Safety and Honour of England.

I mult likewise put you in mind, That the Act of Tonage and Poundage expires at Christmas: And I hope you will think tit to continue that Revenue to the Crown $ which is the more ncceUWry at this Time, in regard the several Branches of the Revenue are under great Anticipations for extraordinary Expences of the War, and subject to many Demands upon oilier Accounts.

I cannot but mention to you again the Debt for tire Transport-Ships employed in the Reducing of Ireland; which is a Calc of Compassion, and deserves Relief.

Aly Lords and Gentlemen,

Ilhould be glad you would take into your Consideration die preparing feme good Bill for the Encouragement of ' our Seamen; You cannot but l>o lenlible how much a Law of this Nature would tend to the Advancement of Trade, and of the Naval Strength of the Kingdom; which is our great lutcrcft, and ought to be our principal Care.

FJeof A Bill for the Ease of Jurors vho serve at the Assizes Jum for England and H ales was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Gnnd Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do

I'jiaites. fg every Tuesday, in the Afternoon, in the ftonfe.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Grievances do lit every Thursday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Saturday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justrce do fit every Friday, in the Afternoon, in the Iloafc.

Paxclct, Mr. Neale, Afr. Clarke, Sir John Morel on. Sir Gilbert Clarke, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Braver, Mr. Price,

Afr. Nicholas, Afr. Hutchinson, Sir IVm. Cooper, Lord AIarquis/F/7//0//, Afr. Hungerford, Mr. Newport, Sir John GuifCy Air. Mayne, Sir Walter Young, Sir Roger Pulcston,

Afr. Kinaston, Sir Joseph Herne, Mr. Bvtn/er, Mr. Et-teriek, Sir Orlando Gee, Afr. Culliford, Sir Isaac Echoic,

Mr. 1 'ravers, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Boyle, Sir Robert Cotton,

Sir Wits. Larwfon, Afr. Beale, Mr. Pooley, Mr. Foot Onslozv, Afr. Hedger, Mr. Colston, Afr. Roberts, Mr. Osborne, Sir Eduard Windham, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Courtney, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Wm. Forester, Mr. Foley,

Afr. Perry, Afr. How, Mr. Andrews, Mr. Levefbn, Sir 77/u. Littleton, Mr. Stanley, Sir Fra. Winnington, Air.

St. John, Mr. Guyn, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Campion, Mr. Lut-terclly Air. Mitt on, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Parkhurst,

Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Eliah Harvey, Lord Fairfaw, Colonel Earle, Mr. Gray, Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Wharton, Sir Sam. Barnadiston, Sir Robert Rich, Colonel Titus, SU.Mountague, Mr. Dolben:

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Monday, IFedncfday, and Friday, in the Afternoon, in the Place above-mentioned: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into their Consideration all such Alatters as shall or may come m Question, touching Returns, Elections and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places are to make their Eh ftions by this Day Three W eeks, for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing Until come in Question, touching the Return, Election, err Alatter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Alatter is in Debate.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ciiipenha the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for -the Borough eh* Chipenham in the County of Wilts, in the room of Thomas Talmash Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Stafford Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Whit, for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of StaJjord, in the room oi Jonathan Cope Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Afr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ne(]WVM the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ/ electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwyn in the County of I Tilts, in the toom of Antony Lord Viscount Falkland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to pew(i]^ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough oi Bend ley in the County of I Forrester, in the room of Henry Herbert Esquire, now Lord Herbert of Cherbery, called up to the House of Lords.

f mmitife Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elec-

1 Privileges tions be appointed, of Air. Man fell. Sir Tho. Pope Blount % Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Liverpool*? Sir Clir. A Inf grave, Mr. Harley, Sir RoivUmd Gwyn, Air. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Vincent, Sir ^William Iionywood, Mr. Trelawney, Lord electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for

Vol. XL the

iu

12" — ip° — 2o° — 2i° Novembrts.

Colchester

Writ.

Norwich

Writ.

171

the Borough of Lecerpoole in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Richard Lord Colchester, now Earl Rivers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the ele€ling a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the room of Samuel Reynolds Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich, in the room of Hugh Brockenham Esquire, deceased.

CarlifleWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlisle, in the room of Lowther Esquire,

deceased.

The King's Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

sPe*ch be ing next, at Ten a Clock, take into Consideration his con 1 ere Majesty's gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

A 1694.

Cardigan

Writ.

Stockbridge

Writ.

Call of the House.

Printing the Votes.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Ciown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan, in the room of Sir Baronet, deceased.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make our a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, in the room oi R Esquire,

deceased;

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned until Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That the House be called over Tomorrow Sevennight, at Ten a Clock: And that all such Members who shall not then attend their Service in this House, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker: And that no Person do presume to print the fame, but such as shall be appointed by Mr. Speaker.

And then the House adjourned till Morning,

Ten a Clock.

Lunev, 19* Novembris;

6° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

f^RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill " for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments: And that Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for registring Memorials of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills: And that Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, every Morning at Ten a Clock, enter upon publick Business: And that no private Business be proceeded upon after Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That no new Motion be made after One a Clock.

Committees. Ordered, That no Committees do fit in the Morning, without special Leave of the House.

The King's The Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration Speech his Majesty's gracious Speech to both Houses of Parlia-considered. n)ent, was read:

And his Majesty's Speech being read;

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Supply, to their Majesties, for the carrying on the War against France with Vigour;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- state of ing next, at Ten a Clock, consider of the present Posture the Nation, and Condition of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 20° die Novembris;

6° Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

TDESOLVED, That this House will, upon Saturday Poor Laws. *' Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Laws relating to the Poor; and for preparing of Heads for a Bill for the better Relief of the Poor, and for setting them on Work.

The Order of the Day, for calling over the House, Call of being read; the House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until Monday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

and for Forage.

O

The House, according to Order, took into Considera- Stockbridge tion the Motion on Monday was Sevennight, touching the "'rlt' Borough of Stockbridge:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge in the County of Southampton, in the room of Richard Whitehead Esquire, deceased.

Triennial

Parliaments.

Registry of Deeds, &c.

Publick and

Privata

Business.

Motion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Duties o» ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Paper, Ac. of the whole House, to consider of the Act, made the last Session, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 21' die Novembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

MR. Clarke, according to Order, presented to the Registry of House a Bill for registring Memorials of Deeds, Deeds,&c. Conveyances, and Wills: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

15 The

JJr.

'if'

Jt.

v;i

i-

:o

A Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Par- Free Pro-liament was presented to the House, and received; and ceedings in read the First time. Parliament

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Sevennight, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and Monie* stating the publick Accounts do forthwith lay before paid to the this House a short Account of what Monies have been Fleet> Repaid, since January last, to the Fleet, to the Army, to the Allies,

)!:. 1 Mr. 1

uX I

Mr.; Mr. I

is in

h.}

r.:

h]

lor q

reed

:, V

» if T*G

V

if

'A'wjJL I

llflf

li.Jt

eh

uirvi

riiii

id: 3 ee;t

J‘-'Y

r;

6 W- & M. 21° Novmbris. 173

The House, according to the Order of the Day, revived itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made on Monday last, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House, and which, upon the Question, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at die Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Foley, in'Obedience to the Order Yesterday, presented to the House, from the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, an Account of Monies paid to the Fleet, to the Army, to the Allies, and for Forage; and delivered the same jn at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Monies paid to the fleet,

A STATE of the Grants; Winter-Sessions i6y{; and of the Mites thereof, to the 16th of November 1694.

RECEIPTS, On the 2d 4>. Aid - >" > Vote - - (on Loans - - - By the Complement of the Million-Annuities By the Lottery By Fines on Hackney Coaches - By Bank-Money ----- - By Loans on the Vellum-Act - By Annuities ----- -- General Loans, transferred to be paid out ofl the 2d Quarterly Poll - - - - -J Whereof paid. To Mr. Russel ----- -- To Mr. Bertie, for Sea-Service - To the Earl of Ranelagh - - - To Mr. Fox and Lord Coningsby - To Mr. Bertie, for Land-Service - - - - To Michaelmas 1694. To 16 November 1694. TOTAL.

L* d. 400.000 — — 1 1,000,000 — — J 118,506 5 10 934»485 17 5 34,500 592,527 10 4 4 299,480 17 3i 300.000 389,128 6 3} X d.: : :} 283,136 10 11 19,584 14 84 204,135 13 4 Cd. 1,400,000 118,506 5 10 934,485 17 5 34,500 875,664 1 34. 319,065 12 — 300,000 593,263 19 74.

4,068,628 17 24 506,856 18 114. 4,575,485 16 2

1,907.493 2 4i 59.333 .6 8 1,833,725 17 9* 9L517 14 5 137,874 159,835 10 — 4-1 50,165 13 4 J 256,145 8 104,) 9,875 2 8 45,550 J 2,176,827 12 4$. 2,374,688 3 9

4,029,944 1 3 521,571 14 104- 4,55i,5i5 16 1*

23.970 ‘

C 4,575,485 16 2

w

t

ijligi

Note, Mr. Russel, besides the above, has received since Michaelmas, on Loans, on Excise and Customs, 40,630 /.

and 12,900l. out of the -f of the 9 Pences.

Note, The Earl of Ranelagh, besides the above, received before Michaelmas 30,000 /. out of the 9 d. Excise^ for 99 Years.

Besides the above Sums the Exchequer has received, On the 2d 4 s. Aid ----- - The 2d Quarterly Poll - - - Salt - The Vellum-Act ----- - 4 Tonage ----- -- f Tonage - - - - £. s. d. 841,195 6 8 145,378 19 10 8,534 11 8 9,700 6,097 15 94 15,244 10 114 £- $. d. 365,463 3 9 67,34610 2 9,948 4 — 4,600 — 2,73215 — 4] 6,831 17 94J £ d. 1,206,658 10 5 212,725 10 — . 18,482 15 8 14,300 30,906 19 7

1,026,151 4 11 456,922 10 9 1,483,073 »5 8

Of which paid. 300,779 16 5 1,084,013 13 10

Principal; On the 2d 4^ Aid - 783,233 17 5

On the 2d Quarterly Poll - 131,400 76,400 207,800

On the Vellum-Act - 2,750 6,000 8,750

917,383 17 5 383,179 16 5 1,30 0,563 13 10

Interest, On the 2d 4#. Aid - - - - 41,847 9 7 14,938 19 11 56,786 9 6

On the Vellum-Act - - 249 4 1 963 2 11 1,212 7 — 18,000

On the Bank - - - - ' 12,000 6,000

On Annuities - - - . - 5,473 5 11 5,473 5 11

54,096 13 8 27,375 8 9 8M72 2 5

Vol. XL Yy la

1

J,

2i° Novembris.

In Cash, in the Exchequer, 16th November 1694.

On the 2d 4 Aid

Salt -

2nd Quarterly Poll Vellum-Act Tonage-of Tonage -

Principal

s.

3>357

4,076

s. d.

65,858 7 1 18,482 15 8 4,925 10 — 4,337 13 —

7,433 l3 8

A. 1694.

jC* * d-

»,300,563 13

101,037 19 5 i,483 073 *5 8

The State of the Navy-Account, comparing what was voted with what hath been issued thereof to Michaelmas 1694; and what then remained due thereon.

Victual.. . 33,692 Men, at 20 per Mensem

And what was voted not for them; for the Ordinary

And what was added to make up Two Millions

Wages for the like Number of Men, at 305.

And towards the Arrears of Wages -

Wear and Tear, at 30 ,v, per Head -

Ordnance, at 5 s. a Head -

For the Ordinary - -

And what was added to make up Two Millions

c

Voted. Paid to Michaelmas '94.

£ £ s. d.

437,996 437,996

B - 85,740

- 52,777

656, Q04l 500,000] 700,594 10 ioi

656,994 624,214 10 —

1 °9,499 85,740 52,777 59,333 6 8

2,500,000 1,960,655 7 6i

Remains due.

s.

456,399 9 H

32 779 10 — 50,165 13 4

539-344 12 5i

s. d.

Memorandum! There w-as due to the Navy at Michaelmas 1694, as above - 539,344 12 54

Towards which Mr. lluffel received, out of the Grants ofluftScilions, to the 16 1694 - 159,835 10 —

And on Arrears of Customs, Anno 1688 - -- 630 — ——

Besides 12,9001, out of the Excise.

And 12,780/. paid the Victuallers out of this Year's Funds, before Michaelmas 1694.

And 40,000 /. paid Mr. Russel, after Michaelmas 94, out of Loans on Hereditary and Temporary Excise.

The Exact Distrihution of which Sums is not yet come in to the Coumiiffnmers.

Memorandum: The Money issued for Wear and Tear hath paid 82,000l. lor the Service of the Ordinary; which has much streightened the Navy in buying Stores.

The State of the Army.

For Pay of the Horse, Dragoons, and Foot For the General Officers - For Contingencies - For Transports

For Levy-Money and Recruits - For Ordnance for Land-Service -

Of which paid.

To Michaelmas 1694, as appears More to the 16th November 1694

So there remains due of all voted

Though the General Officers have had 14,751 /. 8 lid. That cleared them only to the 31st of December 1693, inclusive: So all due to them for the Year 1694, is in Arrear, unless satisfied out of what have been issued since Michaelmas.

Memorandum: The91,517/. 14 5d. was issued to

Mr. Fox and Lord Conings who pay for Transports, and have issued the same on that Account, and tow ards satisfying the Irish Arrears; except 3,3001. they issued for Levy-Money, for Regiments raised here for the Service of , and iquft be re-

paid out of the Revenue of that Kingdom: And 9,988/. os. 94 d.for Subsistence of the Regiments that came this Year from , and are placed on

the English EstabLishment; 280 /. for Pensions; and 300l. for Recruits'for Colonel Dragoons.

16

Voted. Paid to Michaelmas 04.

£. s. d. 1,990,781 16 10 3L058 8 6 147,000 40,808 110,160 — — 210,773 4 5 £. s. d. 1,459,062 1 9*1 14,7.51 8 11 303,519 19 a'A 9 *»517 14 5 [ 56,392 7 91 137.874 J

2,530,581 9 9 2,063,117 12 24

m 2,063,117 12 24 311,57011 64

m m m m £ 2,374,688 3 9 155,893 6 —

2,530,581 9 9

To 160 Nov. 94.

£- s. d. 311,570 11 6S

In the Directions from the Treasury for the Distribution of the Money issued to Michaelmas 1694, are these Particulars:

For Monsieur Saiylenburg's Bills,"I for Contingencies - - - -/

To pay a Bill from Secretary") Trenchant s -J

To Sir William Gore, for Contin-'l gencies -J

For the Duke of Savoy To Mr. Lamb, on his Contractl for Hospitals -J

To Two Months Pay for the Of-1 ficers of the Hospitals - - -J

For Apothecaries in FlandersS Anno 1693 - - - -J

£. s. d. 40,000 ——

2,300 ——

25,304 7 3 104,000 — 2,000 ——

1,653 10 —

3,158 ——

For

For the Ordinary in the Pay-Office To Machado, for Advance on his-)

Contract for 1694 -And in Part of his Arrears to the") ift of May 1694 - For the Battalion-Waggons - For Pensions - -

For Exchange of Money, Lossl by Guineas, and Discount of Tallies/ For Exchange of Money for thej

Brandenburg Forces at Leidge - For Ranlom of Prisoners taken! at Landen -

For Contingencies in general On Fourteen contingent Warrants'! to General Officers, - For Transports, and Interest of a Transport-Debt, due to the Dutch To John Pevice, for proving falsel Musters against Captain Pope - -/

For a Magazine of Forage at Ghant For providing for the Encamp-'l ment at Hounslow -

-I

£ s- d.

10.000 -

30.000 -

10.000 -

11,800 ——

3»oooo 3 4

9>697 3 7 1,480 ——

1,359 10 —

31,500 ——

7,527 3 io£

1,324 9 3*

40 ——

5,000 ——

2,375 12 —

L- 303,5*9 19 4t

What of this Kind hath been directed, as to the Money issued since Michaelmas, it cannot be stated, those Di-

rections not being all come in: Nor w hat of the general Money issued hath been paid to other Allies;

TothcDukesof Hanover, Saxony, Hes

the Landgrave, Elector of Treves: Or of F'oi age-Con-tracts.

Memorandum. The Army is less than was provided for by the Commons; and the Pay of some of the Officers are lessened; which, allowing for all additional Forces, finks the total Charge about 160,000 /.

£ d.

Total of the Money voted for the!

Navy the last Winter-Session -/ 2,500)000

For the Army - 2,530,581 9 9

5,030,581 9 9

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Members House do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and to summoned. the several Courts there, and into the Court of Requests, and require the Attendance of the Members of this House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Ordered, That Mr. Leigh Banks, Mr. Roger Dicken- Tryals in son, and Mr. Tuff, do attend this House Tomorrow

-k r &C*

Morning;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Lunt do attend this House Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle* for the 7-

Tellets for.be Noes,

So it w'as resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilson do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Woomber do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Beresford do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Parsons do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Partison do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashton do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Aaron Smith do attend this House Tomorrow Morning: And that he bring wdth him all such Papers and Examinations as are in his Custody, re-. lating to the late Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do attend this House Tomorrow' Morning.

Ordered, That such of the said Persons as are now in Custody, be brought in Custody of their respective Goalers, Tomorrow Morning, to attend this House.

Whereof paid to the 26th November 1694.

To the Service of the Navy - 2,176,827 To the Army, including Contin- gencies to the Allies and Forage -/

s. d. 12 4i

3 9

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 23* die Novembris;

Resting to be paid -

, , r , Sexto Gulielmi et Mari®.

4»551»515 JO H

479,°^5 J3 7i Praters.

£ 5,030,581 9 9

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to the end the Members of the House may perule the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Flight a Clock.

Jarvis, 22* die Novembris;

6* Gulielmi et Maris.

Praters.

TiieaMl TtyjT ft. Harley, according to Order, presented to the lVJL House a Bill for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

bteoftU The Order of the Day, for the House to consider of the present Polture and Condition of the Nation, being read;

Vefc XX,

TJESOLVED, That this House will, upon Tuesday Supply. * * Morning next, at Ten a Clock resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

A Motion being made, and the Question being Army proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Estimate. Majesty, That he will please to command, That an Estimate for the next Year's Service, for the War, be laid before this House;

The previous Question was put, That That Question be now put:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Ch°aJv;/ndhm: } 157‘

Tellers for the Nees,{^^.; } 9*.

So it wad resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will please to command. That an Estimate for the next Year's Service, for the War, be laid before this House.

Resolved,

1

17 6 c&3# — *4° — 2

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majel'ty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Monies paid Ordered, That the Account from the Commissioners to^ht Heet, por and stating the publick Accounts of the Mo-

nies paid to the Fleet, to the Army, to the Allies, and for Forage, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties for the carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Quotas of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Allies. Mavfty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Trivy-Council, That he will please to command, That the State of the War, relating to the Quotas that the Confederates and Allies are severally to furnish for the carrying on the War, be laid before this Home.

Persons or- The Serjeant at Arms acquainted the House, That Mr. df ed to at. Dickenson, Mr. Farsons, Mr. Fartison, and Mr. Beresjord, lound*°l 10 be "el t in the Country; and that Mr. could not be

found.

Trvais in Mr. Aaron Smith, attending according to Order, was

ancashire, called in; and examined, touching Matters relating to the late Tryalsin Lancashire and Cheshire; and delivered several Papers, and Examinations in to the House.

And then withdrew.

Mr. Leigh Bunks, attending according to Order, was called in; and examined also.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That all the Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Novembris. A. 1694.

Sabbati, 24* die Novembris;

Sexto Gulieltni et Mari*.

Prayers.

f)RD ERED, That Mr. Speaker do issuehisWar- Stamford rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ.

W rit, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stamf ord in the County of Lin-colne, in the room of William Hide Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Tass, attending according to Order, was called in; Tryals ia and examined, touching the Matters relating to the late Lancafoii., Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire, &c*

And then withdrew.

Mr. Ashton, attending according to Order, was called in; and examined also.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That all Persons who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House again upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, except the said Mr. Ashton, who is discharged lrotn further Attendance.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning F.ight a Clock.

Luna, 26° die N; Sexto Gulielmi et Mari*.

Prayers.

TII E Earl of Ranelagh acquainted tire House, That Army his Majel'ty, in pursuance of their Address, had Eftuuat* been pleated to command him to lay before this House an Ehimate for the next Year's Service, for the War, in relation to the Land-Forces: and he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A LIST of the Land-Forces which his Majesty has now in his Pav, and which he thinks necessary to be continued and maintained in England, and beyond Seas, lor the Service of the Year 1695.

-3

§§ M X

Cl Cl

11

HO

HORSE.

First Troop of Guards

Second Troop of Guards -

Third Troop of Guards -

Troop of Grenadier Guards

Troop of Scots Guards

Royal Regiment -

Queen's Regiment -

Colonel Levifon's, late Villiers's

Colonel Wood's, late Berklye's

Colonel Langston's, late Godfrye's

Colonel Coye's -

Colonel Wyndham's

Duke Scomberg and Leinster's -

Lord Gallway's -

Earl of Macclesfield's

Earl of Arran's -

Colonel Windsor's -

DAN ES. Duke of Wirtemberg's

Late Marquis La Forrest's

Colonel Scheftedt's -

DUTCH. Troop of Guards -

Regiment of Guards

Steinbock's, late Riddefiers

Richteren's -

Monpovilian's

Athlone's -

Late Sgravemore's -

Z'.iykitein's -

Schack's -

Vittenhoffs -

Boncour's -

c

B £ c «= UC

1 I l6

1 I l6

1 I l6

1

1

9

9

6

6

6

6

6

6

9

6

6

6

6

6

6

1

6

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

= i£ c O

T3

? s

11 11

40

40

29

29

29

29

29

29

U4

29

29

29

32

32

32

15 28

16

16

»7

17 17 17 17 17 17

*5

5

5

5

20

5

45

45

30

30

30

30

30

30

45

30

30

30

36

36

36

5

36

15

*5

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

200

200

200

180

118

53i

53i

354

354

354

354

354

354

53'

354

354

354

306

306

306

200

402

198

198

165

165

165

165

165

165

165

a>

Xt

to

221 221 221 211 134 616

6l6

4*3

413

413

4'3

413

4i3

Cgo

413

413

413

374

374

374

220

466

229

22m

200

200

200

200

200

200

200

Pay per Annum. 1 > C 0 4) 7=1 7 cd

s. d.

18,517 13 4 14

18,517 13 4 14

18,517 13 4 14

11,746 18 4 7

9.687 14 2 *9

33,829 8 4 53

33,829 8 4 57

22,833 15 10 1 5i

22,833 15 io 51

22,833 15 io 51

22,833 15 io 51

22,833 15 io 5»

22,833 15 io 5i

43,949 — io 75

22,833 15 10 5i

22,833 15 i° 5i

22,833 15 10 5i

12,912 7 9

12,912 7 9

12,912 7 9

18,389 18 4 12

25,206 5 10 51

12,650 5 10

12,650 5 10

6,901 13 6

6,901 13 6

6,901 13 6

6,901 13 6

6,901 13 6

6,901 13 6

6,901 13 6 1

4. Regiment*

6 W.

46* Ao ve/nbrif*

*77

HORSE, / 11 / as. J HU / I / f = / IJ 1 S r cl c / i / ?- II

4 Regiments of Hanovers I 24 1 14 O f 152

Total of Horse - J 16a 1 955 J 902

DRAGOONS.

Royal Regiment - - - -Lord Fairfax s, late Levcfon's -Lari of Essex's - - - I Sir Tho.Lcvingfton's - - - - 1 Colonel Wynn's - - - -1 Colonel Cunningham's - - - - I Lari of Denbigh's - - - 1 Colonel Leigh's - - - j Colonel Eppiager's - - - I 8 I 8 3 8 8 8 8 I 8 10 / 1 38 381 38 38 38 38 38 3« 45 1 72 72 72 1 72 72 72 72 72 9°

Total of Dragoons - j 74 j 349 I 666

FOOT.

tS

s

a

a

TirCt Regiment of1 Guards

Second Regiment of Guards

Regi'nent of Scot tsG uards

Royal Regiment - -

Regiment offu tHeers - -

Colonel Selwyn's -

Colonel Churchills -

Colonel TreJaw nye s

Colonel Beaumont's -

Sir Bcvil Granville, late Bath's -

Colonel Brewer's - -

Colonel Huttings's -

Colonel Tidcomb's late Beveridge's

Sir David Coljear's -

Sir James Leslie's -

Colonel Colt's late Goodwyn's

Sir George St. Georges -

Colonel Collingwood s

> f

Colonel Stan lye s Colonel D O Farrell's Colonel LillingltonV, late Fulkes's Colonel Earle, late Luttrell s Colonel Earl's, from Ireland Colonel Mordaunt's late Monmoth's Duke of Bolton's -Late Colonel God fry Lloyd's -Lord Castleton's ... Colonel Verniers's -Colonel Ingolfby's, late Morgan's Colonel Maitland's, late Leven's Colonel Fergul'on s, late Munro's Earl of Arguyle's Colonel Tiftin's Colonel Mack ay's Sir Cha. Grayham's Colonel Lander's Marquis De Rada's, late Hefe's Lord Cutis's -

Lute Colonel Edward Lloyd's Colonel Frederick Hamilton's Colonel La Melon »er's Count Marton's Colonel Belcaftd Is -Sir Hemy Ballafis - -

Colonel Rowe's Colonel Stewart's - -

Colonel Coote's Colonel Bochan's -Colonel George Hamilton*

D>rd Strathnavcr's -

Colonel Gibson's -C olonel Farrington's

Colonel N orthcott'*

VqlXL.

2* 14 16 26 «3 *3 *3 13 13 13 13 13 *3

13

13

»3

13

13

13

J3

*3

'3

Li

13

13

13

*3

13

*3

n

13

13

13

13

13

13

13

13

13

13

u

13

13

13

13

13

13

53

n

13

13

13

53

99 5 57 88 46

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

44

224

112

128

208

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

104

1,248

1,540

9,996 11,853

480

480

480

480

480

480

480

480

800

Pay per Annum.

M- rf-

58,592 to —

590

590

59 o 59° 5po 590 59° 59° 935

608,637 16

20.652

20(65 2

20.652

20.652

20.652

20.652

20.652 20,6.52

31.329

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

18

3

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4,640 .5,655 196,552 IO — 619

2,240 2,563 £4,016 19 2 145

1,1 20 1,283 27,511 17 6 74

1,280 1,465 23,807 2 6 84

1,560 1,856 3L7i2 8 4 135

780 930 16,455 8 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 f9

7S0 928 16,155 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

7S0 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 9-8 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 6*145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 §28 16*145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 6,145 3- 4: 6

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 780 928 928 16.145 16.145 3 3 4 4 69 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

780 928 16,145 3 4 69

"-4

if

*=3

811

67

67

67

67

6*7

67

67

67

33

z*

Colonel

Navy

Ultimate*

26* Noveinbris*

FOOT.

Colonel Roffell's - -

New-York Companies -

Company at Jamaica -Company at the Leeward Islands - -

Company of Miners -

Company at Wind for -

Company at Upnor -

Company at Chester

Company at Timnouth -

Company at Hampton Court -

DANES. Battalion of Guards -

Queen's Battalion - -

Prince Frederick's Battalion - -

Prince Christian's Battalion -

Prince George's Battalion -

The Zealand Battalion - 1-

the Juitland Battalion - -

The Tunish Battalion - -

DUTCH. Regiment of Guards Count Nassau's

Colonel Anver's, late Groben's Prince of Brandenburgh's -

Four Regiments of Hanovers -

Two Regiments of Wolfembottle -

Total of Foot

Total of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, now in Pay

1 1 § e. a.. § 3 ir<2 $3 co 3 5 Ii t£, 'U fit Si: 55 <45 Private Men* Together. Pay per Annum; m 11 t: s 9J ^3 C/l

5 ' 1$. 40 500 558 £. 8,q88 s. 2 d 6 29

4, 13 ! 32 1 4QO 445 6,801 3 4 20

1 3 i 9 100 112 1,727 13 4 5

i 3 8 60 71 1,177 2 6 5

1 2 6 50 58 1,733 15 0 4

' 1 4 14 ' 150 168 1,727 9 8

i 2 6 50 58' 863 16 8 2

! 1 3 9 80 92 983 10 9

i 3 9 80 92 983 10 9

3 9 80 - 92 983 10 9

7 . 42 9* 728 *61 14,224 5 O 28

1 7 , 36 9» ' 71-4 841 11,060 14 6 28

5 6 j 32 78 6r2 722 9.5i6 1 3 24

6 32 78 6r2 722 9,602 19 4 24

6 3i 78 612 721 , 9.152 18 2 24

6 32 - 78 - 6l2 722 9.602 10 4 24

6 32 78 612 722 9.494 6 8 24

6 3i 78 612 721 9.152 18 0 24

26 96 . 209 . 2,381 2,680 844 54,068 13 4 125

12 40 12b 684 11,231 4 6 36

12 40 120 684 844 11,231 4 6 36

12 40 120 684 .844 11,231 4 6 36

28 104 396 2,464 2,964 1,482 44,528 — -

14 52 198. 1,232 22,752 10 -

892 3,255 7,726 59.213 70,194 1,198,080 10 6 4,317

1,128 , 4,559 9.294 73,849 87,702 2,003,270 16 r* / 5,747

Memorandum. That over and above the Total of the Charge of the foregoing Lift, being -There will be wanting

For the General Officers ——

For the Train ——

For Transports, Hospitals, Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War

2,003,270

31.058

210,773

460,000

lG

8

4

d.

7

6

5

Total of the foregoing Lift, and the aforesaid Particulars - £ 2,705,102 9 6

By his Majei'ty's Command, ——

William

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate jesty, in pursuance of their Address, had been pleased to ' ' ' r 1 ' tr‘ ‘ 1 command him to lay before this House an Estimate for the nextYear's Service for the War, in relation to the Fleet: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth;

be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Sir John Lowther acquainted the House, That his Ma-

An ESTIM ATE of the Charge of their Majesties Navy for the Year 1695. Wages, Victuals, Wear and Tear, and Ordnance-Stores, for Forty thou-j j£.

sand Men, serving in their Majesties Ships at Sea Thirteen Months , at Four >2,210,000---'

Pounds Five Shillings per Month ----- - -J

Ordinary Estimate ----- -- ,£lli, Ol2'{ 127Qg4 __________ __

Officers of the Two Marine Regiments - 16,972/ 'T"

New Docks and Yards at Portsmouth and , in Addition toV ______

former Estimates ——

Mortars, and Ordnance Stores, for Eight Bomb Vessels - - - 31,459 13 10

Transporting 1,030 Marine Officers and Soldiers to the Mediterranean - 4,120 1

Transporting Victuals to the Fleet in those Seas - - - - 33,349 1

Transporting Ordnance Stores for the same Fleet - - 9,360 — '

Hulks and Store Ships ordered to the Strelghts -25,690 16 — Building, and furnishing with Rigging, Sea-Stores, Ordnance, and Gunners Stores, Four Second-rate Ships, of 90 Guns each ——

J. Robert Austen,

H. Priest man, Jt. Rich,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Total

G. Rooke, John Houblen.

£. s.

2,395A36 13 1®

72,519 16 —

135.835 18 11

2,603,492 8 9

The Lord Marquis of Winchester acquainted the House,

That his Majesty, in pursuance of their Address, had been Quotas of pleased to command him to lay before this House, the Allies. State of the War, -relating to the Quotas the Confederates* and Allies are to furnish, for the carrying on the War:

And he delivered the same in-at the Clerk's Table: Where die fama was read: and is as followeth; viz.

A STATE

dfc >*}:. r?

(V

ofi

lv:i

c: ii, lh\ ii: h

t?y

U\

tbk

h

V

hcc:j fc Cd

.V

Si:-

M:

S,

they

k

next,

tuC

Vc

6 W. &M. Mrvembns. 179

A STATE of the War, relating to the Qudtes which the Confederates and Allies do severally lurnifli.

Nunibtr of Men.

States General - -

Spanish Troop6 in the Ijoxe-Oonntrits, ki,

eluding 1,500 Bavarian Cuira fliers -/

In Spaine - - - -:

Erri[>ereir in Germany -:

Elector of Brandenburg, besides those irr Hungary 33,000.

W7-540

7,oo0

23.000

10.000

Elt-stor Palatine Elector of 1 revest - *

Ef clor of Cologne - - * -

Elector of Afcntz *- -

Elector of Saxony " - -

E feet or of Bavaria

House of Lunenburg, betides those in Hungary

Under the Duke of

| of German19,000)

t, , . Sounis 12,000 }

Savon in Liediaijut r , / /

J |of Ins own l O.OOoJ

Circles of Suahiaand Franconia

Landgrave of IlesscMasscll - -

Biftrop of Zc/Ve -

Bishop of Munster and Padcvborn, for their Quota 2,000.

(>,000

1,500

2.000

2.000

iC,oooo

8.000

23.000

47.000

50.000

8.000

0, OoO

granted to their Majestics, for carrying on the War agairtft France with Vigour.

An.d then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 28° die iS; Sexto Gulielmi ct Maria;.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Bill for the registering Memorials pf5iftrr of ot Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, be read the Second-Deeds, &c. time upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Cluck.

A Bill for the frequent Meeting and Coding of Parlia- Triennial meats was, accordion to Order, read the Second time. Parliaments.

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed, upon the Debate of the House, to a Committee of the whole Ifoufi*.

Re/blnd, '1'hat this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, rofolve itieli in‘o a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Total - - 334,040

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said State be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are toconsider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Tryal* for . A Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason,

Irtalon. and Misprision of Treason, was presentod to the House; and read the Eiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight, at Eleven a Clock.

Call of th# The House was, according to Order, called over;

" . And the Names of such as made Default were called

over a Second time; and the Abllnce of several of them exculed, by reason of presentSicknds, and such Indifpolitiou of Health as rendered them unfit to travel; and others were exculed for urgent Occasions, and for a certain time.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the House do make a List of such Members Names, as made Detanlt to appear this Day, and of the Time's lor which they are severally excused, to the end the same may be read over to the House.

Rooked, That James Prade Esquire, Sir Nath. Sappier,

and IVittiam Okeden Esquire, be severally sent lor in

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for < ebfenting the mlclves from their Servic in Parliament.

t *

A Rill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Par- Free Pro-liament was, according to Order, read the Second time. <:et(ilMi-s in

And the Question being put, That the JJill be com-, Pdlimuient' mitted;

The flonfe divided,

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J,3S.

Tellers for, he Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tacfday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Baker attending according to Order, was called in; Trvals in and examined touching Matters relating to the late Trvals. Dancaflurji

\n Lancashire and Cheshire. ' &c‘

And then withdrew.

And the House being informed* That one Mr. JVUrand attended also;

He was called in; and examined also.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That all the Persons w ho were ordered to attend this House this Day, do attend this House again upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mortis, 2?* die Novembris;

Sexto G ulielmi el Maria?.

Praters.

fcpplp npHE House, according to the Order of the Day, JL resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thar [day Morning next, at Ten a Clock, rcfelve itself into a Committee of the wltple House, to confideF further of the Supply to be VOL. XI.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 29° die Novembris;

Sexto G ulielmi et Marise.

Praters.

f}RDERED, That Mr. Secretary Trenchard have Leave of Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for At,fence* Recovery of his Health*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Supply Bill; vesting the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majestics; Irish And that Mr. Bridges do prepare and bring in, the said forftltures* Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day SeVefl- Dutie* on night at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Paper, &c* the whole House, to consider of the Act, made the last Session, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties -

several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France.

Th«

Sapply. The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to re|)ort, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the W<jr against France with Vigour.

A Member Ordered, That Sir Nathanael in Custody of

discharged the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting from custody. jjiaiielf from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. in Custody of the Serjeant

at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 30* die Novembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

Earing TAESOLVED, That a Committee be appointed to L*. inspect what Laws are lately expired, and are

expiring; and to report their Opinions, what Laws are fit to be revived and continued:

And it is referred to Sir Sam. Sir Robert

Dovers, Mr Foley, Mr Pitt, Mr. Mr.

My. Hutch infon, My.Long, Mr.

Lord Marquis IViutc n, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Sir Walter Young, Mr. Latter ell, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bid-dulph, Sir Jof. Tredenhum, Mr Sir John Guifc, Mr. Colt, Mr. Foster, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Jo. Smith, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. BadMr. Sir Latcfon, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Sir Richard Temple,

Mr. Fuller, Sir Stephen , Mr. How, Mr. Piggot, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Blofcild, Colonel Austen, Colonel

Earle, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Bkkerstajfe, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Morgan, Sir Henry Goodrich, Mr. Balch, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Roger Puleston, Mr. Gray, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Shackerly, M r. Hawtry, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Simon Smith, Mr. Mat fell, Mr. Mr. England, Mr. Holt,

Sir Jervas Elwcs, Sir Wm. Colonel Titus, Mr.

Jervois, Sir Johnil foreton, Mr. Clarke, Mr. , Mr.

Wharton, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Speke, Mr. Christy, Mr. Waller, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Morland, Mr.

Mr. Lampion, Sir William Ellis, Sir Robert Edoti, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Tempest, Sir Tho. Littleton; and all the Members that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are empowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of England

4kmpany. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to Guinea cannot be maintained without Forts and Castles for the Protection of the Europeans, and their Goods, from foe Treachery of foe Natives; and other Nations that traffick into Africa, have found it impracticable to improve that Trade, lave by incorporated Companies, who are only able to bear the Charge that Forts and Castles require: That foe Trade to Africa is of more Importance to England than to any other State, it being chiefly carried. on by foe Exportation of Woollen, and Oliver English Manufactures, the Returns whereof are in Gold, and Negroes to supply their Majesties Plantations; and ought the rather to be encouraged, for that many potent Rivals lie in wait to ingrofe that Trade to themselves: That the Petitioners have, for many Years past, been at about 20,000l. per Annum Charge, in maintaining several Forts and Castles; and, since the War, have been at many Losses by Sea; and unless they be ftipported and encouraged, in a short tinted®Trade to Africa will be in Danger of being utterly loft to this Kingdom: And praying l^ave to bringin a Bill for tlte preserving and establishing the Trade to Africa, according to the Charier granted to the Company, or with such Alterations as shall be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the Examination and Confederation of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Bio-field, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Mr. Thorn-

hough, Mx.Hutchinson, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Slater, Mr. But,

Mr. Poles fen, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. LuttereU, Mr. taguc, Mr. Biddulph, Mr -Long, Mr. Chetwyn, Sir Robert

Clayton, Mr. Colt, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Palmes, Sir Waller Young, Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Machell, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Burdet, Sir John Guise,

Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Foster, Sir Stev. Evans, Mr. Jo.

Smith, Mr. Harley, Mr. Backwell, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Fuller,

Sir Tho. Barnardiston, Mr. How, Mr. Clarie, Sir Chr.

Musgrave, Mr. Jervois, Mr. Bur ridge, Mr. Speke, Mr.

Chafe, Mr. Wharton, Sir Tho. Mcntpesson, Sir Geo. Willoughby, Mr. Morrice, Mr. Waller, Sir Wm. Mr.

Bicktrstajfe, Mr. Christy, Mr. Sir Eliah,

Colonel Austin, Mr. Culliford, Sir Goodrich, Sir Geo.

Fletcher, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Balch, Mr. Sir Char. Raleigh, Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Alan fell, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. England, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Moreton, Sir Fra. Massam, Colonel Titus, Mr. S. Mr. Sir

Jerv. Elwes, Mr. Perry, Mr. Wilmot, Sir Wm. Scaucn,

Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Bouycr, Mr. Morland, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Lampion, Mr. Hungerford;

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meetTo-tnorrow at Four of the Clock in foe Afternoon, in foe Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Apulbj Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for elect- 'Vnu ing a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Apulby in the County of Westmorland, in the room of Charles Boyle Esquire, now Lord Cliff ord, called up to die House of Peers.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of die Supply-. Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to die House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the carrying on die War against France with Vigour, there be Provision made for maintaining Forty thousand Seamen for Thirteen Months, for foe Service of the Year 1695.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of 4 I.55. per Man, per Month, be allowed for the said Forty thousand Men.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, of the said Sum of 4/. 5*. per Month, 30i. bo allow ed for Wages.

Rfokcd,

6 W. & M.

30° Novembris. — 1° Decembris.

181

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, of the said Sum of 45 s. per Month, a8s. be allowed for Wear and Tear.

ResolvedThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, of the said Sum of 4/. 5 s. per Month, 20 s. be allowed for Victuals.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, of the said Sum of 41. 5 s. per Month, 7j.be allowed for Ordnance Stores.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 85,740/. be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 76,072/. be allowed for the Officers of the Two -Marine Regiments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 135,835/. 7 8 1 1 d. be allowed for building, and furnishing with Rigging, Sea Stores, and Ordnance, and Gunners Stores, Four Second-rate Ships, of Ninety Guns each.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " there be Provision madeand, instead thereof, inserting " a Supply be granted to their Majesties And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lb amended. That, towards the carrying on the War against France with Vigour, a Supply be granted to their Majesties for maintaining Forty thousand Seamen, for Thirteen Months, for the Service of the Year 1695.

The Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Helblutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made therein, by leaving out "13.5,835/. 18$. 11 and inserting, instead thereof, "70,000 I.;' and by leaving out "forj" and, instead thereof, inserting " towards

Sale of Cloth is become lo very hazardous, through a Jong Credit given to Buyers, that no considerate Person can be easy in so great a Hazard of his Estate: And praying, That feme better Provision may be made to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and to maintain the publick Market of the Woollen Manufactures at;

and that those Merchandizes may be preserved in the Hands of English Merchants.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir John Guise, Lord Mr.

Traverse, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir IT alter Young, Sir William Drake, Mr. Slater, Sir Sam. BMr. Freeman, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Clark, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Morgan, Sir Edu ard Hussey, Sir Fra. Vincent, Sir Greenfield, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. St. John, Mr. Piggott, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir John Bo/les, Mr. Booth, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Ralph Dutton, Sir Fra. , Mr. Bur*

rington, Mr. Chelny a, Mr. Luttercll, Mr. England, Mr. Foley, Mr. Waller, Mr. Christy, Sir Lord

Paw let. Sir Tho. Barnardiston, Mr. Sand ford, Mr Mr. Hautry, Mr. Bo-eyer, Mr Sir

Sir John Fag, Sir Tho.

Vernon,

Mr. Pollexfen, Sir Sam.

Dashu'ood, Mr. Stokes, Sir John Key, Mr. Foot Onslow,

Mr. Cocks, Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Mr. Morris: And all that

come are to have Voices: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Debt* against the better Recovery of Debts against Heirs under Age: Minors.

And that a Committee be appointed to prepare and bring in the said Hill:

And it is referred to Mr. Christy,^Lr.Solicitor-General, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Fawkes, Colonel Titus, Mr. Luttercll, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Barrington, Mr. M r,

Sand ford, Mr. Travers, Mr. Hautry, Mr. Mr.

Ash, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Pollea fen, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Stokes,

Air. England, Mr. Clark, Sir IVm. Sir Sam.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put Sir Chr. Air. Dolben, Sir Edxvard

thereupon, agreed unto by the House. Seymour, Sir

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Commit- And they are (o meet on Monday next, at Four of the tee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Sum of Glock *n the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chambers.

Seventy thousand Pounds be allowed towards building, and furnishing with Rigging, Sea-Stores, and Ordnance, and Gunners Stores, Four Second-rate Ships of Ninety Guns each.

Resolved, Nemine contradhente, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Two Millions Three hundred Eighty two thousand Seven hundred and Twelve Pounds, be granted to their Majesties, for the Maintenance of the Navy, for the Year 1695, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That the Bill for registring Memorials of Registry of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, be read a Second time Deeds, &c. upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- pariiamen. night, consider of the Privileges of this House} and also tary Privi-of all privileged Places. leges.

Tiya< in

unrakt,

tc.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were, on Wednesday last, ordered to attend this HouseTo-morrow touch- ., _ ins the late Tryalsm Lancashire and Cheshire, do attend Wll« Vigour, this House upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- s . solved itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for the carrying on the War against France

I W»|

ityortot

Wool

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, T die Decembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prat ers.

A PETITION of divers Gentlemen and Clothiers of . the County of Gloucester was presented to the House, and read , setting forth, that the Calamities of the poor Labourers in the Woollen Manufactories are so pressing, through low Wages ill paid, and want of Employment, that unless some speedy Care be taken, many Hundred* of poor People are in Danger of being itarved: That the Vol, XI

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered of the Matter to them referred, and come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

1

1

1

JA

wA -

1 % 2

3° — 40 De.

A. 1694.

Luna, 3* Decembris;

Sexto Gulielmi e/ Mariae.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Praed, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting him-irom custody. ^roul jjg Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Member

difeharared

Tryals in

Lancashire,

&c.

Ordered, That Mr. Newbe Mr. Mr.

Holmes, Mr. Donelagh, Mr. Cooper, and Mrs. Cotton, do

attend this House upon lVedne.filay Morning next, in relation to the late Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire.

Martis, 4° die Decembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Richard Blackham, Citizen and Mer- Blackham'* chant of London, was presented to the House, and Claim of read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is a Freeman of London; and finding that, by reason of the present War, p y‘ our Woollen Manufacturers, for the Generality, were forced, for want of Vent of their Commodities, to turn off' Thousands of their Workmen; though, at the same time, such Manufactures were very much wanted in Turky, and other Parts bordering on the Mediterranean Seas, very few being exported thither,; that the Peti-

W arrants for ap prebend ing certain Persons.

Supply Bill; Infh Forfeitures.

Chippenham

Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Mr. Coachman, Mef- UOMr, notanthtadlrig the War hath exported of die

fenaers in Ordinary, do attind tins House upon Wedm-flag£Manufactures tar greaterQuanUtira than any other

Momma next; and bring with them fuih Warrants as MerchaM hath done finj* May , 692; which, as he be-they had for apprehending of Persons conspiring, and hevcs hathgiren to miichOBu.ce to the Turkey Comfmy endeavouring to Ibborn WifnetTcs against the Lives and ‘hal they feck to deprive him of his Right, as he is, and Credits of Iveral Witnesses for their Majesties, against [or £>* Years past, had. been, a mere Merchant: That Per ions charged with High Treason. the Petitioner hath applied hmilelf to the said Company,

to be admitted a Member thereol, being duly qualified; notwithstanding which they have denied the Petitioner his Freedom, contrary to the Charter, and usual Customs, of the said Company: And praying, That the said Company may shew Caul'e, if they can, why the Petitioner should not be admitted a Freeman of the said Company.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Gentlemen and Clothiers of the County of Gloucester was referred: And that the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bridges, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for veiling the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Majesties: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Re find, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of several Burgesses and Freemen of the Borough of Chipenham, in the County of I Vi Its, in behalf

of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read , setting forth, That Sir was, on

the 19th of November 1694, duly defied a Burgess to

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief adrift serve in Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham, in the Relief against Sheriffs and Gaolers, for Escapes of Pri- Shenfls m room of Tho. TahnashF.squire, deceased; yet the Bailiff foners for Debt; and for preventing the Abuses by Writs E*cap.

of the said Borough has returned Richard Long Esquire, of HabeasCorpus, and Day-Rules, for such Prisoners; and

as duly chosen: And praying the Examination by the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Tryals for Treason.

A Rill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Trca-

Triennial

Parliaments.

for the better regulating the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet.

Resolved, That it be referred to Mr. Dolben, Sir John Barker, Mr. Sir Elzces, Mr. Waller,

Mr. England, Mr. Mr. Gee, Sir Fra.

neux, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. Sluter, Sir Jof. ham, Mr. Hutchinson, Colonel Lee, Mr. Arnold, Colonel w Deane, Sir Hurt, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Staines, Sir Iler-

lon, and Misprision ot Treason, was, according to Order, hert Crofts, Sir John Lord Ranelagh, Sir Robert

read the Second time. Davers, Mr. Newport, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. B/ofcild,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Brewer, Lord of the whole House. Mr. Burdet, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Sir

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Jennings, Mr. Sir Fra. Maffam, Mr. Gwyn,

ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Commit- Mr. Fuller, Mr. Christie, Mr. Maync, Sir Cha. Bloys, tee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill. Mr. Neale, Sir Sum. Bamardiston, Mr. Smith, Sir John

Kay, Mr. Colt, Lord JVm. Pawlet, Mr. Tilney, Sir

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Robert Sir Wm. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill: And they

consider of the Bill for the frequent Meeting and Calling —

of Parliaments.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granviletook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granvile reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Supply. Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thoul'and Pounds be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1695, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved,

<5 W. Sd M. 4.° — 5* — 6° Decembris.

183

Refbtced, That this doth agree with the Committee in the fa idThat the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to their Majesties, for Maintenance of the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1695, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

An* Refotvcd, That this House upon Friday Aforn-

Mews, jug next, at Ten a Clock, resolve i tic If into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

FreePro- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

in jjg next, after the Report the Bill for frequent Aleet-tiriiMneac jn^ anc/ Calling of Parliaments is over, resolve into

a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

Committee Ordered, That Colonel GramHe, Sir J'ho.

<xPmil^es. jVfr. Waller, Mr. Biofcild, Sir Air. Christie.

Mr. Slater, Mr. Brereton, Sir 2ta. Dutton, Mr.

Air. White, Mr. Hop/,ins, sir J'ho. Dyke, Mr. England,

I Mr. Ft eke, A/r. Haze try. Air. Ash, Mr. Fuller, Sir

Key, Mr. Jeffrycs. Lord Air. Arnold, Air.

Thornhagh, Mr. Dazcney, Mr. Ho c, Mr. Stokes, Sir Strickland, Mr. Lotether, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Jervis, 6* die Decembris;

Sexto Gulielmi el Marise.

Prater s.

A BILL for the Ease of Jurors who serve at the Assizes Ease of in England and Wales, was read a Second time. Juror*. Resolved, That the Bill.be committed to Air. Waller,

Mr. Dazcney, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr.

Christie, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Clark, Sir Jona. Jennings,

Mr. Fawkes, Sir John Kay, Mr. Hawtry, Mr.

Air. Bowyer, Mr. Palmes, Sir J'ho. Sir John

Parsons, Mr. Bickcrstajf, Sir Wm. Drake, Lord Com -bury. Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Gzq/h, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Slater,

Air. duttercil. Air. Lloyd, Mr. Perry, Mr. Kenyon, Mr.

Archer, Mr. England, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Gee, Sir Ra. Carr, Sir Robet't Cotton, Mr. Biofcild,

Air. How, Mr. Lampton, Sir Win. Strickland, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Bassets, Sir Orlando Gee, Mr. Wilmot,

Sir Wm.Robinson, Mr. Taylcr: And they are to meet , Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Exami- African nation and Confederation of the Petition of the Royal Company. African Company of England is referred, have Power to lend for Persons, Papers and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aforning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 5° Decembi'is;

6* Gulielmi et Afuria?.

Pkaters.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Rutland, in the room of Sir Thomas Mackworth Baronet, deceased.

Tryals in Mr. Parsons, Mr. Parkinson, and Mr. Dickenson, at-

bcaihirc, tending according to Order, were severally called in; and examined, touching the late Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire.

And then withdrew.

The House being informed, That one Mr. Allanson attended;

He was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Mr. Baker was also again called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Air Kitson, and Mr. Coachman, Aleflengers in Ordinary,

attending, according to Order, were severally called in; and examined; and delivered in to the House such Warrants as they were directed by the House to bring with them.

And then withdrew.

And the Warrants were read.

Mr. Newberry, Mr. Coopery and Mr. attend-

ing, according to Order, were severally called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Examination and Consideration of the Matter, touching the late Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock: And that all such Persons as w ere ordered to attend this House this Day; and also Mr. Venrn; do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

i VolXI.

Refblved, That this House will, upon Aforn- Duties on

ing next, at Ten a Clock, rclblve itself into a Committee Paper, &c. of the whole House, to consider of the Act, made the last Session, intituled, An Act for granting to their Alajeftics several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the "War against France.

Then the House resumed the Examination and Conli- Tryals in deration of the Matter touching the late Tryals in Lan- Lancashire, cashire and Cheshire. c"

And Air. Lunt, attending according to Order, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That William Cooper and Robert Dandy be summoned to attend this House.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Wingfeild, Mr. John Perkins,

Mr. 7 fathering ton, and Air. Robert Wingate, be summoned to attend this House.

Ordered, That Sir lVilliam Williams Air. Serjeant Gould, Mr. IJazcles, and Air. Napp, be summoned to attend this House.

Ordered, That Sir Bartho/emcxv Shore be summoned to attend this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagshaxv be summoned to attend this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Upton, and Mr. Cheshire be summoned to attend this House.

Air. Brereton and Airs. Cotton, attending according to Order, were severally called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Afterwards Mr. Brereton, and Mrs. Cotton, and Mr. Newberry, were called in; and examined together.

And then they withdrew.

Mr. Vernon, attending, according to Order, was also called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon be dismissed from further Attendance.

Ordered, That Mrs. Amcell; the Master of the House at the Ram-Inn in Smithfeild-, and the Master of the House at the Three Herrings in Redcrosse-street; and an Oilman on Snow-hill, lately a Constable; and a Justice of Peace, in Gutter-lane; be all summoned to attend this House.

Ordered, That the further Examination and Consideration of the Matter, touching the late Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire, be adjourned until Tomorrow Seven-night, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered

Relief againstt

Sheri I is in Escapes.

Rebuilding

Warwick

Town.

Cardigan

Writ.

Ways

and Means.

Leave of Absence.

The King's Speech to be confide red.

Tryals for TreafoR.

184 6° — 7* — 8° — id0 . A. 1694,

Ordered, That the several Persons this Day ordered to be summoned to attend this House, do, on Tomorrow Sevenight, give their respective Attendances accordingly.

Ordered, That all the Persons that were, by Order, to attend this House this Day, do again attend on To*-morrow Sevennight, at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, ?° die;

Sexto Gulielmi et Marie.

Prayers.

MR. Waller, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for Relief against Sheriffs and Gaolers, for Escapes of Prisoners for Debt; and for preventing the Abuses by Writs of Habeas Corpus, and Day-Rules, for such Prisoners; and for the better regulating the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the Borough of and for determining of Differences, touching Houses burnt or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire which happened there: And that the Lord Digby and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Writ, for Electing of a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cardigan, was not delivered to the Sheriff;

Resolved, That all Writs, for the Electing of Members to serve in Parliament, be immediately lent to the proper Officers, for Execution thereof, with all convenient Speed.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Commitee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Consideration of the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati 8' die Decembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Maria;.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. have Leave to

into the Country for Three Weeks, to attend the Burial of his Father-in-law.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, take into further Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, at the Opening of this Session.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 34

consider of the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon this Day Sevennight, at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 10° die Decembris Sexto Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Bill for Registring of Memo- Registry of rials of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, be read a Deeds>&c* Second time upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

A Petition of the Planters and Merchants interested in, African and trading to, the Island of Barbadoes, on behalf of them- Company-selves, and the Inhabitants of that Island, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Petition of feme Persons, who stile themselves the Royal African Company of England, is now depending in this House, w hereby they pray Leave to bring in a Bill for establishing their Trade to Africa, pursuant to their Charter; which Trade, they insist, cannot be maintained without Forts and Castles, by a Joint Stock: That the Petitioners hope to satisfy the House, That the said pretended Charter is only an illegal Patent, which would exclude all other his Majesty's Subjects from trading to Africa; and that That Trade would be best managed and secured to this Nation by a regulated Company, according to the Methods of the Turkey Company: And praying, That the said Patent may not be established; and that the said Trade may be carried on by a regulated Company, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England stands referred.

A Bill to vest the forfeited Estates in Ireland in their Supply Bill j Majesties was read a Second time. lufo

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee For^eltures* of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Refolded, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven- State of the night, at ElevenTa Clock, consider further of the present Nation. Posture and Condition of the Nation.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- The King's ceeded to take into further Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses, of Parliament at the Opening of this Session.

And the same was read.

A Motion being made, That the Subsidy of Tonage Tona and Poundage be granted to their Majesties; Poundage.

Refolded, That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Motion.

Refolded, That the Committee of the whole House, Ways and who are to fit Tomorrow Morning, to consider further MeaM-of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, do also consider of the said Motion.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Seven- Encouraging night, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Seamen.

the

6 W. & M.

io° — x i® — 12° Decembris.

185

Triennial

Parliaments.

the whole House, to consider that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen.

Colonel Granvi/e,according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame

were

m *

Blackham's

Claim on

Turkey

Company.

Martis, 11° die

Sexto Gulielmi et Mariae.

Praters.

SI R John Guise reported from the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Richard Blackhatn, Citizen and Merchant of London, was referred, That they had examined and considered the same accordingly; and had come to several Resolulions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the By-Law, made by the Company on the

4th of January 1693, following in these Words;

That none ought to be looked upon or esteemed as mere

him to report, when the House would please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made To morrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the said Committee, That they had taken into Consideration the other Matters to them referred; but had not come to any Resolution therein; but had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 12® die Decembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters,

ORDERED, That Mr. Robert Winter, Mr. Thom. Persons to Bale, and Mr. Richard Hayxc do attend this attend. House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Colonel Governor of Chester Leave of

Castle, have Leave to go into the Country for Three Absence.

" Merchants, but such only as have been so educated from Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

" the Beginning; or, who having been of another Trade,

" have forborne the fame, and followed the Trade of a A Complaint being made to this House, That one Complaint "Merchant only for Seven Years;" is contrary to the Thomas Atkinson, under a Pretence of hiring him as a Ser- Intent of the said Company's Charter, and prejudicial to vant, is, by the Command of Captain Reyny, put into the CaP£- Kevny. the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures. Custody of Michael Tooley, Provost-Marshal, at his House

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in Ho/bom, and there detained against his Will;

Ordered, That Captain do attend this House

Tomorrow Morning, to answer the said Complaint.

Order That the said Michael Tooley, with the said Thomas Atkinson, do attend this House Tomorrow

Rebuilding

Warwick

Town.

Free Proceedings in Parliament.

Ways and Means.

That Mr. Black)iam, having demanded to be a Freeman of the Turky Company, and tendered his Fine, according to the Intent of the said Company's Charter, was duly qualified, and ought to be admitted and adjudged a Member of the said Company.

The. laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That Copies of the said Resolutions be sent to the Turky Company.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of this Matter be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

The Lord Digby, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for rebuilding the Borough of Warwick; and for determining of Differences, touching Houses burnt or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour; and also to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the said Motion, and had come to a Resolution thereupon; which they had directed to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parch-Vox. XI. D ment.

Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, Tonage and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Poundage, was referred to consider of the Motion for granting to their Majesties the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's T able: Where the same was one read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage be granted to their Majesties.

The said Resolution being read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage be granted to their Majesties.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Duties on That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself Paper, &c. into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the

Teller, for the Noe*{|f Tran- Mmam‘

75.

Sir Walter Yonge: } ^2*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act for granting

186

merit, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France.

Triennial Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for frequent Meeting Parliaments- an(j Calling of Parliaments be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

African A Petition of the Merchants and Planters concerned

Company. in the Island of Jamaica was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Losses by Sea, and by Earthquakes, and the Descent of the French fmce the War, have been very great; inso much that, about Two Years since, by an Earthquake, about 700 Houses and 2,000 Inhabitants of P were swallowed up, with all their Riches; and, by a Descent in June last, the French destroyed 169 Plantations, and carried otf about 1,400 Negroes; the whole Loss being deemed at 200,0001.: That the A frican Company having prayed Leave to bring in a Bill for establishing the Trade of Africa, according to their Charter, it will debar the Petitioners from purchasing their Negroes at the best Hand, which can only enable them to resettle their ruined Plantations: And praying to be heard at the Bar of the House, before the said Bill do pass; or that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish the Trade to Africa in a regulated Company.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England stands referred.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir John Lowther, of have

Absence. Leave to go into the Country, his Lady being very ill.

Tonage and Resolved., That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Poundage. after the ingossed Bill for frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments is dispatched, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Grant to be made to their Majesties of the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage.

1694.

the IVth, all Persons were prohibited to convey of bring from beyond Sea, any painted Wares, upon Forfeiture thereof; by reason of which Statute, the Manufacture of English Earthen-ware did long flourish to the

Maintenance of a great Number of poor Families; but, of late Years, divers Ways have been found out to evade the Penalty of the said Statute, so that great Quantities of the said prohibited Wares have been imported daily, to the Decrease of the English Wares, the Impoverishment of the Artificers, and the utter Lois of the said Manufacture to England, unless some speedy Remedy be had: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual prohibiting the Importation of Eartlien-ware.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Bofcawen do prepare, and britig in, the said Bill.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Sotiety of Apothecaries the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries, London, was pre- txtnH't froni fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have under their Care the due Preparation of Medicines prel'cribed for the Inhabitants in and about London and Westminster',but, by reason that they are

obliged to serve upon Parish and Ward Oflice3, they cannot perform the Trust reposed in them, nor attend on the Sick, as they ought: That the Petitioners Service in the said Offices may now be rather excused than formerly, by reason of the Populacy of the Places where they live; and for that the several Persons to whom the Lives and Health of their Majesties Subjects is committed, except the Petitioners, are already, by Act of Parliament, exempt from the like Duties: And praying, That I^eave may be given to biing in a Bill to exempt the said Company from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for exempting Apothecaries, in general, from serving the said Offices: And that Mr. Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ia°~ — i$u Decembris.

Ways

and Means.

Earthen-

ware.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-l'olved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker refmncd the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow, after the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Grant of the Tonage and Poundage to their Majesties, is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

O O

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jervis, 13° die Decemhris; Sexto Gulielmi et Marias.

Pray e us.

themselves, and others, exercising the Trade of Potters iii this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Statute made in the 3d of Edward

22

Ordered, That Mrs. Spencer of the Ram-Inn in Smith- Persons to feild, and her Two Daughters, do attend this House To- attend> morrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

Michael Toolcy, with Tho. Atkinfonattending accord- Complaint ing to Order, were called in; and examined, touching the against Capt. detaining of the said Atkinson. Reyny.

Ordered, That the said Michael Toolcy, with the said Tho. Atkinson, do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Air. Kegos, one of the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Captain Reyny do attend this House To-inorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That Thomas Cawder, a Drummer, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the yyays and Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, Means, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, the Resolution of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was once read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be granted to their Majesties,

Some Amendments were proposed; viz. to leave out " not exceeding," and toinfert " of:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " for One Year:'*

And

'i

1

j

V

1

0:

6 W. & M, 13° — 14" — 15° \ 87

And the Qufellion being put, That those Words (land jn Hie llesolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Hcrufe doth agree with the Committee in the (hid Resolution, so a/nended, That, towards the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against trance with Vigour, an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, be granted to their Majesties.

Mr. Spea- Ordei'ed, That the Back* Doors of the Speakers Cham-ker'sCham- foers be locked up every Morning at Ten a Clock: And lacked*b* ^at ^le Keys be brought, and laid upon the Table, by the Serjeant at Arms.

Triennial The ingrafted Bill for the frequent Meeting and Call-Parliaments. ing of parliaments was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

An Amendment Was proposed in the Bill, Line the last, by leaving out the Word " Five;" and, instead thereof to insert " Six And the Qtleltion being put, That the Word " Five" stand in the Clause, as Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,/'f,0,°"?1 1

[Mr. Boyle: J

Tellers for the Noes,f J}r* *!!nt/l' X 55.

fair, leavers: J

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved,t hat the Word "Six" be inserted.

And tl ie Bill wa9 amended at the Tabic accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments.

Mr* Speaker reftimed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House would plcale to receive the same.

Resolved, That the Report be now received.

Then Sir Thomas Littleton read the said Resolutions in

his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Quoftion severally put thereupon, they were agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Grant, to be made to their Majesties, of the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, (f ill commence on the Six-and-tiventieth Day of December1(194.

llefoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Grant of Tonage and Poundage shall be and continue for the Term of Five Years, and no longer.

Ordered, That Captain Rcyny, and such other Persons Complaint as were ordered to attend this House this Day, touching ^"f1,

Thomas Alhinjon's being detained in the Custody of Michael Tooley, do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 15° die Decembris; Sexto Gulielmi et Mari®.

Ordered, That Colonel do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto,

Tonage and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Poundage, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Grant, to be made to their Majesties, of the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 14° Decembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Mari®.

Prayers.

Assize of /A RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Bread. \J for the regulating, and better ascertaining, the Assize

of Bread: And that Air. and Colonel Perry do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Poor Laws. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-tligbt, at Ten a Clock, refelve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the several Laxvs relating to the Poor; and for preparing of Heads for a Bill for the better Relief of the Poor, and lotting them on Work.

Tryals for Rtfohid, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Treason. after the Report of the Bill for regulating Tryals in Cafes of High-Treason, and Misprision of Treason, is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraifing the Supply to lie granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Tryals in Ordered, That all the Persons that were ordered to at-Lancailiire, tend this House this Day, relating to the Proceedings

*c‘ and late Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Tonage and Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Poundage, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Grant, to be made to their Majesties, of the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage.

Mr. Speaker h it the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Vot. XI.

' Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Cole, one of the Clerks The Clerk's without, do attend to alfift in the House, during Mr Indisposition. JodretfsSicknels.

Mr. Negos, attending according to Order, was called in; complaint

and examined, touching the Matter of the Complaint against Capt, made by Thomas Atkinson, in Custody of Michael Tooley. Reyny.

And then withdrew.

And the House being informed, That John Colvile and Christopher Leman attended, touching the said Matter;

They were also severally called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Thomas Carcder, also attending according to Order, was likewise called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Captain Rcyny, also attending according to Order, was likewise called in; and examined; and declared hint (clf willing, that the said Thomas AtkinfonHiould bedilcharged out of Custody of the Provol't-Marshal.

Whereupon, the said Captain Rcyny. with a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, was dilhiilfed.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in, for granting to their supply Bill; Majesties the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, upon the Tonage and Resolutions of this House: And that Air. Solicitor-Gene- Poundage, ral do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Air. Boyle, according to the Order of the Day, reported, xn ;,|s for from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Treason.

Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cales of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Q11 eft ion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w as offered, lor enforcing the Execution of the Statute of 110 Lien.IV®:

And the dime was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, That the committing of Treason

shall

Ways and Means.

Committees.

Supply Bill; Tonage and Poundage.

Punishing Mutiny and Defer tion.

Leave of Absence.

Plantation

Trade.

shall not be a Forfeiture of the real Estate; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived: And that they do fit on Monday next, at Four a Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Places formerly appointed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 17° die Decembris;

bert Dovers, Mr. Colt, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Haw-try, Sir Rich. Hart, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Bowyer, Mr.

Rider, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Ash, Sir Tho. Taylor, Sir Edward Huffey, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir John Key, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Hedger, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Holt,

Mr. Christie, Mr. Appleyard, Sir Wm. Ellis; and all the Members that serve for the Sea-port Towns, and that are Merchants: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers:

And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for registring Memorials of Registry of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, be read a Second time Deet"' &Cm upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

A Bill for Relief against Sheriffs and Gaolers for Relief against Escapes of Prisoners for Debt; and for preventing the ^enffs m Abuses by Writs of Habeas Corpus, and Day-Rules, for caPes* such Prisoners; and for the better regulating die Prisons of the King's-Bench, and Fleet; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Dolben, Sir Jeroas Elwes, Mr.

Bowyer, Mr. Gee, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr.

Latter ell. Sir Jqf. Tredenham, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Colonel Lee, Mr. Slater, Colonel Deane, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr.

Cocks, Mr. Arnold, Sir Herbert Crofts, Sir Lord

Ranelagh, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Newport, Mr. hough, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Kenyon, Lord Coningsby, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Burdet, Sir Jon. Jennings, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Christie, Sir Fra.

Sir John Key, Mr. Fuller, Mr. BlMr. Maine, Sir John Barker, Mr. Neale, Mr. England, Mr. Sim. Smith,

Mr. Colt, Mr. Tilney, Sir Charles Raleigh, Mr.

Sir Robert Edon, Sir Wm.Cooper: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers: And they are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sexto Gulielmi et Mariae.

Prayers.

MR. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for punching falle Musters; and for Payment of Quarters, for One Year: And that Colonel Earle do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas have Leave to go

into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Bristoll to their Majesties Plantations in America was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the Statute of 2 2d and 23, Car. I Id; it is Enacted, That all Ships, loading any Commodities of the English Plantations, shall bring the same into some Port of England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, there to be unladen: notwithstanding which, divers Ships, belonging to their Majesties Subjects, have carried such Commodities directly to Scotland and Ireland, without paying Custom here; contrary to the said Statute, and to the great Prejudice of their Majesties Revenue, and the Trade of England: And praying the House to provide such Remedy against this growing Evil as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And it is referred to Sir John Knight, Sir Gilbert Clark, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Chetwyml, Mr. Pigot, Mr. England, Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Newport, Mr. Cull ford, Mr. Burdet, Sir Ro-

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Way*

Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, the Resolutions of the Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to the true yearly Value thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, be laid upon all Personal Estates, other than Houshold-Goods, and Stock upon Land; and upon all Offices and Employments, of Profit, other than Military Offices in the Army and Navy; according to the true yearly Profit thereof.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding after the Word " Pound," " for one Year:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, to be granted to their Majesties, for earning on the War against France with Vigour, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to the true yearly Value thereof.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding, after the Word " Pound," " for one Year:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Aid of

Four

6 W. & M. Decemhris. 189

Tour Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, to be granted to their Majestie for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, be laid upon all Perfimal Estates other than Iloufliold Goods, and Stock upon Land; and upon ail Offices and Employments of Profit, other than military Offices in the Army and Navy, according to the true yearly Profit thereof

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the said Aid, pursuant to the Refblutions of the House: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

> Fre< pro- The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-reedings in solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-Parliament. f1(jer of the Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings I in Parliament-

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Bodes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Bodes reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mart is, 18® die Sexto Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

Hebuilding A RILL for rebuilding the Borough of Warn; and

Warwick JTx. for determining Differences that may arise by reason To*n. of the late Fire there; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dighy, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Colemore, Mr. Burdet, Sir Robert Dashwood, Mr. Archer, Mr. Waller, Mr. Bock-

land, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Christie, Mr. Sir

Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. How, Colonel Ferry, Sir Jetxas Elwcs, Mr. Pigot, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. England, Mr. Smith, Sir John , Mr. Pollen,

Air. Stokes, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Air. Air.

Dolben, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hedger, Sir Win. Honyuood, Mr. Batch, Mr. Booyer, Mr. Gray, Mr. KenyonAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Uiveof Ordered, That Air. Br have Leave to go into Alienee. the Country for Three Weeks, his Brother Sir John Brownlaw being very ill.

in the said Parish, and overflowed above 1,000 Acres of Land: To retrieve which, the Owners have expended above 3,000l. though double the Value of the Lands will not make good the Breach: That the Commissioners of Sewers, as Conservators eft" the Thames, finding the re was a large Shelf in the salt! River, occasioned by the said Inundation; and that the same was of dangerous Consequence to the Navigation; a great Ferry between Essex and Kent totally destroyed; and the Revenues of the Poor of Cobham College utterly impaired; decreed the Petitioners to pay Six Pounds per Acre, or their Lands to be sold, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament: That the several Acts made in relation to the Sewers, as the Emergency of the Occasion required, have in all times been enlarged: And, the same being for a general Good, and the Lands not sufficient to make good the Reparations, the Petitioners pray the Confederation of the House, for Relief in the Premises; and that the Navigation of the Thames may be preserved.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Alatter, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Afr. Mountague, Sir Cha. Barrington, Lord Digby, Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm. Honywood, Air.

Harvey, Sir Thom. Cook, Mr. Bock land, Mr. Sir

Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Sir

Raleigh, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Cha.G Air.Robinson,

Ait.Bouyer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Luttcrcll, Colonel Ferry,

Mr. Burdet, Mr. Christie, Mr. Colt, Sir John Sir

John Kiutlchlndl, Mr. Blofeild, Sir HFoster, Mr. Gee, Mr. Campion, Mr. Chadwick,

Air.England, Mr. Ash, Mr. Smith, Mr. Foster, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Wm.Whitlock, Air. , Mr. Hungei'-

ford. Air. Hedger, Mr. Grubb, Sir John Moreton, Mr.

Stokes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bracer, Afr.; and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Essex, and and Si {folk, and for the City of London: And they are to

meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties the Subsidy of Supply Bill; Tonage and Poundage w'as read a Second time. Tonage and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee. oun a6*' of the whole House, upon the Debate of the House.

Rcfolxcd, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take oare, That the Oaths be administered to, and taken by, the Officers of the Customs, for the due Execution of their Offices.

Preventing Sir John Guise reported from the Committee, to whom ^ie Lxallat'on and Consideration of the Petition of divers Gentlemen and Clothiers, of the County of Gloucester, w as referred, That they had examined and considered the feme accordingly; and had come to a Reiblution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which lie read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the publick Market at Blackwell-hall; and for Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill, according to the said Reiblution of the said Committee: And that Sir John Guise do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

ntktad* Petition of the Poor of Cobham College, and the Pro-

£ DUB prietors of Lands, now under Water, in in

the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in Decembe 1690, an Inundation happened, which broke down the Banks of the River of Thames Vo 1. XL

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for regulating of Tryals Tryals for in Cales of High Treason, and Misprision of Trcalon Treason. lie read the Third time Tomorrow Alorning at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorning State of tht next, after the reading the Bill for registring Memorials of Natlon-Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, a Second time, con-lider further of the present Posture and Condition of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning Duties on next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Paper, tcc, of the whole House, to consider of the A ft, made the last Session, for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, relblved Ways and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Mean8* further of Ways and Afeans for raising the Supply to be granted to their Alajcftics, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Afr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

3 C That,

i go x8* — 19* — ao° Decembris. A. 1694.

That they had made feme Progress in the Consideration of the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Triennial

Parliament*.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice and

Mr. Baron Turton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, sent up from this House, intituled, An Act for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die Decembris;

Sexto Gulielml et Maria;.

Praters.

Tonage [ORDERED, That the Consideration of the Act>

Duties. made the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, in relation to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of Southampton, and the Town of Portsmouth, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Nathaniel Napier have Leave to go Abfance. into the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Trenchard have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Jovis, 20* die Decembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Marias.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Sir Edward Seymour have Leave of Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon Absence. extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Edmund Harrison, William African

John Thrale, Thomas Jones and Partners, Owners and Company. Freighters of several English Ships, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Ships were freighted with English Commodities, on a Trading Voyage to the Coast of Africa-, and, arriving the re, l'orne of them were seized in a hostile Manner by the African Company's Agents; who carried them to the Company's Factory at Cape-Corse Castle, and there imprisoned the Matters and Seamen: That the Company's Agent did there erect an illegal Court of Admiralty, and condemned the said Ships and Cargoes, as forfeited: That the Petitioners, for endeavouring to recover Satisfaction, were, in the late Reigns, illegally imprisoned, as Persons obnoxious to the Government: That the said Company, who had the Benefit of those Seizures, have already pleaded, and do still threaten to plead, the Statute of Limitation to the Petitioners, though they detain their Estates to this Day:

And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the said Company stands referred: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, That although L«verp<nle the Election for the Borough of Leverpoole was the 4th Instant, no Return is yet made, or brought in;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter; and report the same to the House.

Apothecaries Mr. Smith, according to Order, presented to the House exempt from a Bill for exempting Apothecaries from serving as Con-Officas. Rabies, Scavengers, and other Ward and Parish Offices: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Tonage and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of oun age. the Bill for granting to their Majesties the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House would.....to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock,

"Encouraging Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven-Seamen. night, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech, which relates to the Encouragement of Seamen.

Tryals for The ingrossed Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treafou. High Treason, and Misprision of Treason, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

Refolded, Nemine con That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Aiid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mr. Bofcawen, according to Order, presented to the Earthe*-

House a Bill for the more effectual prohibiting the Impor- ware, tation of Earthen Wares: And the feme was received.

Colonel Earle, according to Order, presented to the Punching House a Bill for continuingTwo former Acts, for punishing Mutiny 304 Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Desertloa* Majesties Service; and for punishing fidfe Musters; and for Payment of Quarters: And the same was received.

A Petition of Thomas Kemp, Edward Smith, Edward Hackney Phipps, John Nicholson, Matthew Gand Robert Keen, Coach Com-

on behalf of themselves, and several others of the ancient nnfhoners. 400 Hackney Coachmen, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Stage Coaches, Commissioners, appointed under the Great Seal, had Power, under their Hands and Seals, to license 700 Hackney Coaches, to drive for Hire, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, receiving for each Licence Fifty Pounds, and Four Pounds yearly, and no more; and were, in the first Place, to grant Licences to the ancient Four hundred Hackney Coachmen, in Consideration of great Sums of Money they had before paid to the Crown for former Licences, and since for Taxes:

But the Commissioners, namely, Henry , Richard

Gee, Henry Kill'igrew, Henry Ashurst, and Walter -

bury, Esquires, instead of following the Directions of the said Act, have refused to grant Licences to the Petitioners, and about 30 more of the old licensed Hackney Coachmen; and have granted Licences to several Tradel-men, Women, and Porters, and a greater Number than Seven hundred; and great Sums of Money, above what the said Act allowed, have been extorted from the Petitioners, and most of the Hackney-Coachmen, before they could obtain Licences; which tends to the utter Ruin and Impoveriftiment of the Petitioners, and their Families, having taken long Leases of Houses, Coach-19 houses,

Debtors

Petition.

Leave of Absence,

Supply Bill

Tonage and Poundage.

6 W. &M. 20° — 2i° Decembris. ipi

houses, and Stables, at great Rents; and have several Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Coaches and Horses on their Hands; and must be forced Oaths to be administered to the Officers of the Custouis; to fell them to great Loft, being refuted Licences to use with Blanks:

the fame; and the Charge of keeping them being more And the feme was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; than the Petitioners are able to bear; which Employment and other Amendments made to the Clause. being the only Subsistence for the Petitioners and their Fa- And the Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question milies, they are utterly destitute of any other Employ- put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made nient for their Support: And praying, That the House Part of the Bill.

would take their Grievances into Consideration, and grant Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for such Relief in the Premites as thall bethought fit satisfying Debentures for such Goods exported, as thall

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the remain unpaid on the 24th Day of December 1694: laid Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they And the same was twice read; and feme Amendments do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the made thereunto by the House.

House: And the Question being put, That the Clause, lb

And it is referred to Sir John Key, Sir Sam.Barnardiston, amended, be made Part of the Bill j

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Arnold, Mr. England, Sir fVm. Lemon, It past in the Negative.

Mr. Lutterell, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Mr. Hungerj'ord, Sir Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

Matth. Andrewes, Mr. White, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Slater, *.

Mr. Pigot, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Colt, Mr. Harley, Mr. And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question Thornhaugh, Mr Boscawen, Mr. Bonyer, Mr. Waller, Mr. put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made

Fuller, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Kenyon, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Part of the Bill.

Mansell, Sir Win. Honywood, Mr. Hobby, Colonel Titus, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Mr. Preston, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Ward, ingrossed.

Mr. Brockman, Sir JervasElwes, Colonel Perry, Colonel

Lee, Mr. Lmcther, Sir Edward Hussey: And they are to Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented Supply Bill $ meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in to the House a Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid Land Tax. the Speakers Chambers: And are to have Power to fend of 4.?. in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War for Persons, Papers, and Records. again!! France with Vigour: And the same was received.

A Petition of JVUliamLuckin, a Prisoner for Debt in the King's-Bench, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That he hath been there a Prisoner for above Five Years; and hoped to have been discharged by virtue of the late Act for Relief poor Prisoners, having no Creditor that will opposehis Difebarge; but Mr. Farrington, Gaoler of the said Prison, hath forced the Petitioner, when a close Prisoner, to lign Bills for Payment of 30/. which he pretends to be due for Chamber-rent, though the lame, if any, is discharged by the said Act: That the Petitioner is no way able to pay the said 301, having a great Family; and nothing but his own Labour to maintain them: And praying the House to take his same into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief again!! Sheriffs and Gaolers, for Escapes of Prisoners for Debt; and for preventing the Abuses by Writs of Habeas Corpus, and Day-rules, for such Prisoners; and for the better regulating the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet; is committed: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That no Motion be made for Leave fqr any Member of this House to go out of Town, but between the Hours of Eleven and One a Clock.

; Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to their Majesties the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill: And the Question being put, that the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te«ereforU.eY}

Tellers for the Noes,} >«4.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was brought up to the Table, and read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn,

Vo 1, XL

Ordered, That all such Persons as were ordered to at- Tryals in tend this House this Day, relating to the Proceedings, and Lancathire, late Tryals, in Lancashire and Cheshire, do attend this &c*

House upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 21* die Decembris;

Sexto Gulielmi et Mari®.

Praters.

AMOTION being made, That Leave be given to Bankrupt* bring in a Bill for better Discovery of Bankrupts Estates. Estates:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That these Words be added, " without Retrospect It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be brought in: And that Sir Henry Ashurst do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Hawkers and the suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, in Cities, Bo- Pedlars, roughs, and Corporations: And that Colonel Dean do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Bill for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall punishing mutiny, or desert their Majesties Service; and for pu- Mutiny and ni(hing false Mullers; and for Payment of Quarters; was Daemon, read the Firl! time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Encourage* the better Encouragement of Privateers: And that Mr. ment of Boscawen, Mr. Pendaroes, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Vincent, Sir Privateers. Eliah Harry, Sir Tho. Vernon, or any Three of them, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. Fawnes have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight only, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence. lions.

A Petition of several Burgesses and Freemen of the Bo- Leverpoole rough and Corporation of Leverpoole, in the County Pala- Election, tine of Lancaster, in behalf of themselves, and others, was

presented

22° Decembris.

'll

o

A. 1694.

presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did, on the 4th Instant, legally choose Jasper Mazcdil Esquire, as their Burgess, to serve in Parliament, in the room of the late Lord Colches, now Earl of Rivers; notwithstanding which, the Mayor of the said Corporation hath unjustly returned Thomas Brotherton Esquire: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Three Weeks.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had taken into their Consideration the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

hejolvedy That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Leverpoole

Election.

Leave of Absence.

Privilege — Publication of Proceedings.

Supply Bill; Toaage and Poundage.

Begiftry of Deeds, kc»

Ways and Means.

A Petition of Jasper Mcavdit Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at an Election the 4th instant for a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Leverpoole, in the room of the Lord . Colchester, now Earl Rivers, the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess for the said Town, by a Majority of above 200 Voices of the legal Electors; but the Mayor of the Town, upon Prclence that the Petitioner was not duly qualified to serve, denied a Poll, though the same was demanded by the Electors; and hath returned one Thomas Brotherton Esquire, who opposed the Petitioner, in Prejudice of the Petitioner's Right: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition be also heard at the Bar of this House upon this Day Three Weeks.

Ordered, That the Mayor of Leverpoole do attend this House upon this Day Three Weeks.

Ordered, That Mr. Blathnaite have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Lord Cults have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occafiors.

A Complaint being made to this House, That Oyer, a News-Letter-Writer, has presumed in his News-Letter to take notice of the Proceedings of this House;

Resolved, That the said Dyer be liimmoned by the Serjeant at Arms to attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, to answer the said Complaint.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to their Majesties the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage was read the Third time.

An ingossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, That the Secretary of the Commissioners of the Customs may take the usual Fees for common Dispatches of his Office: And the same was tw ice read.

And the Question being put, That the feme be read a Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, touching Debentures:

And the same was twice read; with Blanks: And the Blanks were filled up by the House.

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Bill for registring Memorials of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, be read a Second time upon this Day Sevcnnight, at Eleven a Clock.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr Speaker left the Chair.

Sir 77)o. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 22° die Dece;

Sexto Gulielmi et Mari®.

Pr A T EES.

A PETITION of Comrade Greibe was presented to Court the House, and read; letting forth, That the Peti- Martial tioner, being Adjutant to Colonel a Dutch oa Greil>e*

Colonel of Horse here in England, demanding his Sub-fistence-money, which was in his Colonel's Hands, was im-pri'.bncd by his Colonel about Eight Days, without any Process of Law': That, in Julyluit, upon the Petitioner's Petition, her Majesty granted a Warrant for calling a Court Martial, to examine and try several Articles exhibited by the Petitioner against the said for

causing great Disorders in his Regiment, contrary to an Act for punishing Officers and Souliers who shall mutiny, or de'ert, &c. of which Court-Martial Colonel w as

appointed President: And the said Court met several times; and heard the Petitioner, and his Witness'cs, who fully proved the said Articles, as he conceives: Yet the Petitioner cannot procure the said Court to proceed to Sentence; hut the said President hath difl'olved the same: So that the Petitioner is fti!l deprived of his Pay, as aforesaid, and of the Benefit intended by the said Act: And praying Relief in the Premises; and that Colonel Colliear may shew for what Reaton the said Court-Martial was dissolved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of divers Freeholders, Bargemasters, and Thames other Inhabitants,w ithin the several Counties of kyc_ksan<*

Oxford, Berks, and Bucks, was presented to the House, and urs* read; setting forth, That the Rivers of and Thames being navigable for Boats and Barg) s from to

o o o

London, by the Help of several Locks and Weirs for keeping up the Waters for Fialhes in several lballow Places, an accustomed Rate has been usually ^>aid by the Bargemasters to the Proprietors of such Locks and Weirs, for their Passage, towards the Charge of maintaining them; but of late the Occupiers have raised the Prices near Ten times higher than formerly, because they are not ascertained by Law; and itop the Barges until they comply with their extravagant Demands: That it is necessary, and always was practised, that Boats, and other Vessels, should be haled up the River by the Strength of Men and Horses, going upon the Land, on Banks j which Passage used to be free and open; hut now the Occupiers of those Lands do exact great Sums for such Passage: That these Impositions tend greatly to the Obstruction of the inland Trade and Navigation: And praying, That the Rates and Prices of such Passages may he ascertained by Law, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Norries, Mr. Sir

Hen. Winchcome, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Robert

Sir Wm. Whitlock, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mr. Laulher,

Mr. Smith, Mr Frewen, Mr. Arnold, Sir Richard Mr.

Stokes, Mr. Ward, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Mr. Bere,

Sir John Moretonk^lx.England, VLt.Chase, Mr Sir

a 1 27/o.

6 W. III-. aa° — 28"- — 29° Decembris.

193

T/10. Clarges, Mr, Bowyer, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Freke, OrThat the Report, from the Committee of the Free Pro-

Mr. Iloir, Sir Ira.A frisson, Mr. Foley, Mr. JVaUer, whole House, of the Bill touching free and impartial Pro- ceedinge m

Mr. {faulty, Sir John Key, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Fawkes-, ceedings in Parliament, be made upon Monday Seven- Parlimm*1>t‘

and all the Members thatlerve for the County, City, and night, at Eleven a Clock.

University of Oxf ord, and for the Counties of Gloucester,

Berks, if'ilts, Bucks, Surrey, and Middlesex, and City of Ordered, That John Jenkxnfon, Laurence Higgs, Robert Persons to

London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Powell, Howson, and fViUiam Lee, do attend attend. Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are to have this House immediately.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions,

Speaker's Ordered, That the Back-doors of the Speaker's Cham-Chambers. be opened this Morning.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Richard Hart have Leave to go Absence. j,ito the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Hawkers and Colonel Dean, according to Order, presented to the Pedlars. House aJlill for suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars in Cities, Boroughs, and Corporations: And the same was received.

Supply Bill; A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Tonage and Mr. Meredith:

Poundage. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Then the House proceeded in the Examination and Tiyals in Consideration of the Proceedings relating to the late Lancashire, Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire: c"

And Mr. Wyngate, attending according to Order, was

called in and examined.

And tl>en withdrew. 1

Sir William Williams, Mr. Serjeant Gould, Mr. Hawks,

Mr. Ktiapp, and Sir Barthobmeic Shore, attending, according to Order, were severally called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Sir William Williams, Mr. Serjeant Gould, Mr. Haxelcs, Mr. Knapp, Sir Bartholomew Shore, and Mr. Wingate, be discharged from their further Attendance.

Ordered, That Mr. Upton and Mr. Cheshire, who attended according to Order, be discharged from their further Attendance.

Ordered, That Mr. Parsons, and Mr. Parkinson be discharged from their further Attendance.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten a Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Decembris;

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Land Tax. Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with vigour, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

KiAC*nt A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Afient to the Bill for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported: And also To the Bill for the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments.

Privilege-Publication of Proceedings.

The House being informed, That Dyer, the News-Letter-Writer, attended, according to the Order of Yesterday;

He was called in; and heard touching the Complaint made against him; and, acknowledging his Offence, humbly begged the Pardon of the House for the lame.

And then withdrew'.

Ordered, That the said # Dyer be brought to the Bar, and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, for his great Presumption.

And, accordingly, he was brought in, and reprimanded.

Ordered, That the said Dyer be discharged, paying his Fees.

Sexto Gulielmi et Marias.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker having taken the Chair, the House lat Death of

for feme time in profound Silence; when Mr. Queen Mary. Comptroller acquainted the House, That it had pleased God to take to himself our most gracious and most excellent Queen, who died this Morning, after a few Days Sickness. to the unspeakable Grief of his Majesty, and all loyal Subjects.

Whereupon the House, on a serious Consideration of this great Calamity, came to the Resolution following; viz.

Rejoiced, Neminecontradkente. That an humble Ad- Address of

dress be presented to his Majesty, to condole the Death of Condolenc* the Queen, and to desire his Majesty to take Care of his Royal Person; and to allure his Majesty, That this House will Hand by, support, and defend, his Majesty and Government against all his Enemies, both at home and abroad.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the said Address:

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Sir John Thompson, Mr. Mountague, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Tho. Clarges,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr.

Clark, Mr. Foley, Sir Richard Onjlono, Mr. Boyle, Mr.

Bofcawcn, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. itifon. Lord Pawkt, Mr. Dolben, Sir Harry Hobart-, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 29° die Decembris;

Refoked, That no News-Letter-Writers do, in their Letters, or other Papers, that they disperse, prefnme to intermeddle with the Debates, or any other Proceedings, of this House. J

V*t. XI.

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the House be called over upon Call of tb* Thursday next come Sevennight. House

3 D Ordered,

9° — rji ° Decembris, — 1° . 1694.

Members

summoBed.

Address of Condolence.

194

Ordered, That all the Members of this House do then attend their Service in Parliament; notwithstanding any former Leave given to be absent

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write his Letters to the Sheriffs of the respective Counties in England and IV to l'ummon the Members of this House, now in the Country, to attend their Service in Parliament upon Thursday next come Sevennight, being the loth Day of January next; notwithstanding any Leave for Absence.

Ordered, That the Form of the Letter be the same as that wrote by Mr. Speaker the last Session.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee appointed to prepare an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, That they had accordingly prepared an Address; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto, Nemine contradicente; and is as followeth;

vis.

Most gracious and dread Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being deeply sensible of the great Misfortune which hath befallen your Majesty, and this Kingdom, by the Death of our most gracious Queen, do, with unspeakable Grief of Heart, humbly beg Leave to condole the irreparable Loss of that most excellent Princess, the best of Women; to enumerate whose Virtues were to aggravate our Sorrow.

We cannot, at the same time, but bless God for the Preservation of your Majesty to us, on whose Life . Welfare and Happiness of this Kingdom, and the Liberties of Europe, do, in so great a measure, depend; humbly beseeching your Majesty, lo to moderate your Grief, under this Affliction, as not to prejudice or endanger your Health: And that your Majesty would please to take such further Care of your Royal Person, that wc may all enjoy the Blessing of your Majesty's long Life, and happy Reign.

We do all'o look upon it as a Duty we owe to your Majesty, to ourselves, and to those we represent, to take this Occasion of alluring your Majesty, That we, your faithful Commons, will always, to the utmost of our Power, stand by, support, and defend, your Majesty, and your Government, against all your Enemies, both at home and abroad.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by Mr. Speaker, and the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most Honourable Privy-Council, do attend his Majesty, to know his Majesty's Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, i° die Januarii Sexto Gulielmi.

Lunce, 31° die;

Sexto Gulielmi.

Prayers.

King appoints to be attended.

MR. Comptroller acquainted the House, That his Majesty had, according to the Order of Saturday, been attended, to know his Pleasure when he would be attended by this House; and that his Majesty had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Two a Clock, at Kensington.

In order whereunto,

The House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

PRA Y ERS,

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That he did 4*|jWe5to Yesterday present their Address to his Majesty: re s'

And that his Majesty was graciously pleased to answer to this Effect:

Gentlemen,

I take very kindly, your Care of me, and the Publick; ,

especially at this Time, when I am able to think of nothing but our great Lois.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- chipenham vileges and Elections, to whom the Matter touching the Election. Election for the Borough of Chipenham in the County of Wilts was referred, be made upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Lurgefliall Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for selecting Writ, a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Large shall in the County of Wilts, in the room of John Deane Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for the more effectual prohibiting the Importa- Earthen-tion of Earthen-ware was read the First time. ware.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for granting to their Majesties an Aid of Four Supply Bill; Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for the carrying Land Iax-on the War against ..... with Vigour, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a C ommittee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for continuing Two former Acts Punishing for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or Mutiny and desert their Majesties Service; and for punishing false ^efertion. Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Militia the several Laws relating to the Militia, and to consider ^aws* of their Defects; and to inquire particularly how the Trophy-money has been levied and applied; and to consider also how the said several Laws may be explained, and made more effectual; and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Wihnot, Sir Wm. Cook, Sir Vernon, Mr.

Bockland, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Mr. Fawkes, Lord Castle-ton, Mr. Freke, Sir John Kay, Mr. Colonel

Earle, Mr. Hazvtry, Sir John Barker, Sir Ra. Sir

Wm. York, Mr. Norryes, Mr. Campion, Sir Fra.

Mr. Kinaston, Sir Rowland GxvynSir Tho.

Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Gee, Mr. Boscowen, Mr. Cook, Mr.

Tredenham, Mr Stockdale, Mr. Pit, Mr Sir

Andrews, Sir John Banks, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Colt,

Sir Wm. Honey-wood, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Stokes, Mr. Harry, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Gxcyn, Mr. Travers, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Sir Jos.

Tredenham, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Brewer, Mr.

Brockman, Mr. Lout her, Mr. England, Lord Cornbury,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Waller, Sir Rich.Onslow: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

6 W.

2° — 3 ° Ja

*95

Mercurii, 2* die Januarii; Sexto GuJielmi.

Pray ers.

Registry of RDERED, That the Bill for registring Memorials Deeds, &c. LX Gf £)eeds. Conveyances, and W ills, be read a Second time To-moiTOw Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Apothecaries exempt from Purish Offices.

Duties on Paper, &c.

Tonage

Duties.

Encouragement of Privateers.

Ways and Means.

Supply Bill; Lind Tax.

A Bill for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and War Offices, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Bol/es, Sir Gervas Blu es, Sir John Banks, Mr. Smith, Doctor JBarbon, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Christie, Mr. Huichinfon, Mr. Brener, Mr. Whitet Sir i'/vz. Blake, Mr. Luttcrel, Sir Ha. Dutton, Sir Ellis, Mr. Grrxjn, Sir

Mami'O'ing, Sir Min. Cooper, Sir Jof. Trcdenham, Sir Roberts, Mr. Slater, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Freiecn, Sir 77/0. Roberts, Mr. Speak, Mr. Taylor, Mr. //ftp, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Haze try, Mr. Neale, Sir Tb/z// Fagg, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Clark, Sir Ttf/z/z Sir Dr/.

JMaJJam, Mr. M ailer, Mr. Cha/c, Mr. Price, Mr. //////-gerjord, Sir Michael JChart on, Mr. /M/e, Mr. Blofeild\ Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Ward, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Jllorcton, Mr. Arnold, Mr. England, Mr. C00//, Mr. Lout her, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Fleming, Mr. 7/y, Mr. Paidi/rvis, Mr. Trcdenham: And they are meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chambers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act, made the last Session, for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, for carrying on the War against France.

Resolved, That the said Committee do aUo take into Consideration the Act, made the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of Southampton, and the Tow n of Portsmouth.

Mr. Grtyn, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers: And the fume was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 3° die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi.

Pray ers.

RDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Coramilteei.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the I Lord Pauiet, Sir Hen. Mr.

War against France with Vigour; be udded to the said Committee.

The House divided.

Sir John Guifc, according to Order, presented to the Preventing House a Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Exp°rtof Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation 00' of the publick Market at IHm iaccU-hall; and for Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages: And the same vvas received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Pill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and dating Transport the publick Accounisdo forthwith lay before this House a Debt*

State of the Account and Adjustment of the Debt due to the Transport-Ship?, according to the Di rest ion in the Act, made the last Session of this Parliament, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Traders, of the Town Plantation and Borough of Leverpoolc, to his Majesty's Plantations in Trade. America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made in the 25th Year of King Charles the lid, to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England; and for regulating the Plantation-Trade; all Ships and Vessels loading any Commodities of the English Plantations were to bring the same to feme Port of 11 ales, or Beneiel,:upon Exceed, to be there unladen:

That, contrary to the said Act, several Ships belonging to England, Scotland, and Ireland, have, for several Years last past, carried the Produce of the Plantations directly to Scotland ami Ireland, without paving any Custom for the same; which is highly prejudicial to their Majestics Revenue, and the Trade of this Kingdom: And praying,

That feme Remedy may be provided against this growing Evil.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and Traders, of the City of Bristoll to his Majesty's Plantations in America, starnls referred:

And that Mr. Nor vies, Mr. Je, Lord Mr.

Nicholas, Colonel Titus, Mr. LMr. Sir

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,/^'

' [Sir Ira. Blake:

Tellers for the Noes,|^r 'piul

' [Sir Hussey

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

\ 106

fices.

87.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole house, to consider of the Bill for granting an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, i'cr carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported. That the said Commit-

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Com- Apothecaries mon-Council of the City of London, vvas presented to the exempt from House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners PanthOf-taking Notice, That a Bill is now depending in the House, for exempting Apothecaries from serving as Constables, Scavengers, lad other Ward and Parish Offices; which Bill, should it pass into a Law, will be very prejudicial to the City of London: And praying to be heard by their Connfel touching the said Bill.

V'

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill stands committed.

> 1 ring

Ordered, That Mr. Cxcyn, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Brom- £Xptrh ley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Sh acker ly, Sir Cha. Colonel Laws.

Tempest, be added to the Committee, to whom it is re-tee had nfadc fume Progreis in the Bill to them committed; ferwd to inspect what Laws are lately expired, and arc and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave expiring; and to report their Opinions, what Laws are fit to fit again. to Be revived and continued.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- O, That the Members of this House do, by Sa- Land Tax tnittee of the whole House, to consider further of the said turday Morning next, Ten a Clock, prepare and present, Commtf- Bill. the Names of Commissioners for the several Counties, 1'oners*

tC0

3° — 40- — 50 Jzznuarii.

A. 16^4.

Cities, and Places, as is ufuat, to be inserted in the Bill to the House, according to Order, a State and Adjust-for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in ment of the Debt due to the Transport-Ships: And the

the Pound, for One Year, against France with Vigour.

Registry of Deeds, &c.

A Bill for registring Memorials of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Refol-ced, That the Bill be committed to a Committees, of the whole House.

Rejoined, That the House will, upon Saturday Seven-night next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Bill.

for carrying orr Ihe- War same was read; and is as followeth

In pursuance of the Ol der of this Honourable Houde, of the 3d of this Inltant , and the Direction of

the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,: An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick: Accounts of the

Kingdom, the Commissioners, thereby authorized, do

Ways and Means.

schurch

Repairing

Rates.

Duties on Paper, &c.

humbly reprei'ent;

That having summoned the Commissioners appointed for the Transport-Ships for the War of Ireland, and other Contractors for the fame, and as many of the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Ships, and their Exe-Rejohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning cutors or Assigns, as came to their Knowledge, to enable

at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris,4" die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Raising and Recovery of the Rates for Repair of Churches: And that Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Act, made the last Session, for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, for carrying on the War against France, do also consider of the Doubts Patents, under the Great Seal of England, to be

anting upon the Act, made the last Session, for laying ^im granted, for the lle-admeasurement of the said

them thereby to state the Accounts, and adjust the Debt due for the said Ships;

After several Hearings of many of the said Parties, and due Consideration of the Cafe, do find;

That about Seventy-five, or more, of the said Owners and Proprietors have been lb impoverished, by long Solicitations, and Attendance, for the Money due to them for the Service by them performed^ that they have not yet appeared, either by themselves, or their Executors, or Assigns, to make out their respective Debts, though all due Care hath been taken, both by the Commissioners, and the said Commissioners for Transports, by publick Notice in Print, not knowing their Places of Abode, to summon them thereunto; many of them being dead, and others in Prison, either here or in Foreign Parts:

That, in stating the Accounts, and adjusting the Debts, of such of the Owners and Proprietors of the said Transport-Ships as have appeared, the only Difficulty which hath occurred therein, hath been occasioned by one Mr. John Bowles-, who, suggesting, That the said Owners and Proprietors had claimed more Tonage of their respective Ships than they contained, had obtained their Majesties

Ways and Means.

several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, as it relates to the Coast-Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act, made the last Session, for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vcllurn, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, for currying on the W ar against

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against I ranee with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had fat, and taken into their Consideration the

Ships, on Pretence that, by so doing, the Demands of the said Owners for the said Service might be much reduced, to their Majesties Advantage:

That, upon Examination of the said Mr. and the Commissioners, Contractors, Owners, and Proprietors, aforesaid, it appeared to us;

That, of all those Ships taken up for that Service in the Port of London, by the Purveyor of the Ordnance, the Tonage w as first agreed to by the Parties concerned; being the same as is expressed in the Charter-parties: That the like Method w as used for most of the Ships taken up in the other Ports, by the Surveyor of the Navy, and the said Commissioners of Transports:

That the greatest Part of these Ships were hired, for their Majesties Service, at leis Tonage than what the Owners before this Service i'ubmitted to pay to their Majesties Collectors of the Customs, both for Lights, and all other Duties incumbent on such Ships:

..... That, although it was agreed by feme Owners in their

Matter to them referred; but had not as yet come to any Charter-parties to submit to a Re-adtneafurement; and

Resolution; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways

thereupon several had acquiesced in the said Mr. Bowles his Admeasurement; yet, at the same time, they declared the full Burden of their Ships to contain the Measur they were given in to be; and that they submitted to this Admeasurement, and took his Certificate, thereof by Con-

and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his straint, to get their Accounts ltated, which otherwise could Majesty, for carding on the War against trance with notbedone:

Vigour.

Tiaalport

Debt.

That few other Ships held ffiort in Measure of what they were hired for: (

That the said Mr. Bowles measured many of the Ships above Water only; not taking the Length of their Keels, as his Letters Patents directetl him to do:

That many Ships were by him allowed by Computation, and not Admeasurement; and by that Computation contained more in Burden, by Twenty Tons in a Ship, than the Measure for which the Owners contracted for:

That by Mifcomputations he had given in divers Ships

SIR Thomas Clargest from the Commissioners for to hold less than they really contained, by his own Method taking and stating the publick Accounts, presented of Measuring.

24 Wherefore,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 5° die Januarii; Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Pra Y ERS.

6 w. ni.

O 44

5 Januar

*97

Wherefore, upon the whole Matter, it is our Opinion, which is humbly submitted to the House, That the several Owners and Proprietors of the Transport-Ships, and their Executors and Assigns, be allowed their full Tonage and Rates contrafted for, according to the Accounts thereof adjusted, and to be adjusted, by the Commissioners of the Tvanfports, and Officers of the Navy and Ordnance, without Deduction, upon any Certificates from the said Mr. Boit les; it not appearing to us, upon due Examina-nation of the Premises, That their Majesties will be any ways wronged thereby.

And, after Consideration had, as aforesaid, of the State of the Accounts of the said Ships, there appears to be due to such of them as have produced their Charter-parties, and made out their Debts, the Sum of - -

And to the Owners of the 75 Ships j taken up in several Ports in England 1 and Ireland, whole Charter-parties and \

Discharges have not yet been produced j to us, or to the Commissioners of Tranf- J ports, by Estimation, the Sum of -

316,289

s. d.

9

this Debt may be received, and a Discharge given for the fame.

Also Sir Thomas Littleton presented to the House an Account of the several Debts for Transport-Service, paid by the Office of Ordnance, out of Monies appointed for other Services.

And the same was read; and is as followeth j

Aw ACCOUNT of Monies borrowed from other Services, in the Office of Ordnance, and paid to the several Persons hereafter mentioned, for transpotting Stores to Ireland, before the Commission of Transport was settled; for which the said Office was never reim-buried; whereby the Debt due to their Artificers is so much increased; viz.

14,480 1 7

In all - £330,769 10 7

77/0. Pope Blount,

Tho. Clarges, Chr.

Paid Foley, Ja. Iioublon.

A Transcript, out of a Dutch Memorial, for the Infor* mation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of the King of Great Britainwherein Secretary De

Wildt demands Payment of the Sum of 20,000 to satisfy a remaining Debt of his Majesty's, for Dutch Ships hired for transporting his Majesty's Porces from England to Ireland; which was given in the Commissioners of Transports by the Honourable Blailh-

waite Esquire, in the Year 1692.

The Freight of all the aforesaid Transport Ships, commencing tire lit of April 1690, and most of them discharged in the End of September following! besides those that were continued in tire Month of October, and others detained longer in the same Service in Ireland, and the Loss of a Ship taken by tire French; amounts, in the Whole, to little less than 50,000 Guilders a Month; besides the Lois of the aforesaid Ship, with its Tackle and Apparel, and other Charges demanded by the Matters, which are fully adjusted, and amount to die Sum of

Guilders - - 374,000

In Provisions, and other Neccfiaries, which! were, by Order of his Majesty, delivered out V and paid for - - - - -J

James Wright -Roger Faucus -John Robinson -Wm. Mountomery Antony Morris -Gilbert Mawgridge Thomas Garret -Richard Matters N icolas Raker -Thomas Ayres -John Ellis William AUifon -John Raukin Robert Holmes -Hugh Dyet Edward Henlhaw Roger Greflingham John Reynolds -George Reach -Christopher Howarc Joseph Brapple -Henry Olding -Robert Full wood Cornelius Brewer Ben. Matters Isaac Bridger John Hunter John Penford -Tho. Beach Francis Dickenson Ant. Fewfier Thomas Adams Joseph Nichotts David Rail

£ M97 1,272 1,076 3-8 453 502 731 881 3/6 634 241 379 245 358 330 339 9*4

5*6

465

606

r. i.

12

9 —

2

5 —

1

12

13

1

6

12 —

l6 ---

— 6

8 — 6 6

1

4

4

3

13

»5

19

16

9

6

2

4

3

33A°4

619 . — -

859 2,467 769

341

S24 405

325 354 1,202

' ',637

- 338

- 1,682

52

7 5

1 4

3

2 8

8 5 16 — 10 —

6 6

6 6

2 —

14 3

7 9

10 —

In all - 407,104

Total - £23.533 »4 3

Jo. Charleton,

Tho. Littkton, Wm. Boulter. Ordered, That the said State and Account do lie upon

Besides winch, the Matters of the aforesaid Ships demand Interest from the time they were dismissed till the time they shall be paid off, which at per Cent, per Month, the Table, that the Members of the House may peruse according to the Practice of Holland, and taking the Sum- the fame.

Total together at 20,000 Livres, it will produce, for 18

Months -

18,000

10,000

Total

Whereof received, at several times,"! by Secretary De Wildt, at London, as\ appears by his Receipt given for the I same - -J

Act may be fecn in his Majesty's Tveatiiry, Amo 1690.

And likewise received by Mr. Ben.'

Poo t,by Letter of Exchange from Sir Jo/. Herne, in November 1690, tire

like Sum of -

Total - 200,202 b And a Credit is dettred to b?. further given, by the Lords Commissioners of tire Treasury, to the said Secretary De IFifdt, by a liifi from Sir Joseph to the said Mr. Poof,

for the Sum of 20,0001, Sterling, that the whole Suux of Yol.XI.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Supply Bill;

----- ----- whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of 4*. Laud Tax.,

407,104 in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, is committed, do prepare and bring in a Clause of Appropriation for the Use of the Navy.

10,000

W.

QJ

cn

Mr. Boyle, according to Order, reported, from the Com- Chippenham mittee of Privileges and Elections, the same touching the Election. Election for the Borough of Chippenhame in the County of Wilts, as it appeared to the Committee v which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of several Burgesses of the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wills, complaining of an undue Return of Rickard Long Esquire, to serve for the said Borough; and alleging, 'that Sw -

3 E Basil

5° Jcmuafit. A. 1694.

Bazil Finbrasse Knight was duly fek&ed to serve for the fame;

The Committee have examined the Merits of that selectioni

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Tteemen and Inhabitants of the Borough-houses:

That the Majority of the Poll was with the Sitting Member; the Sitting Member having 67, Sir2taai/5i Voices.

That the Counsel for the Petitioners alleged. That there was upon the Poll 22 for the Sitting Member, that were '.unqualified to vote in that Election: But it being, *s they also alleged, to be proved by such as had signed the Petition, who, by the Opinion of the Committee, were not good Witnesses for that Purpose, that Matter was not further insisted on; but the Majority remained with the Sitting Member.

And the Petitioners Counsel applied themselves to prove several Irregularities in the procuringVoters for the Sitting Member: And called,

Mr. Thomas Stokes: Who testified, That several Gen-

tlemen of the neighbouring Villages, above the Number of Twenty, came to Chippenham, to make an Interest for the Sitting Member "Mr. Long; and threatened the Electors to withdraw their Work and Custom from several of the Electors, if they would not vote for Mr

Robert Taylor testified, That Mr. Long, the Sitting Member, gave him 1 s. and promised to give him Two Guineas, to procure lus Brother to vote for Mr. Long That, upon this Promise, he did engage his Brother to vote for Mr. Long; though his Brother did not delign to vote for Mr. Long before; but afterwards, when he allied Mr. Long for the Two Guineas, he told him, He knew nothing of that Matter.

William Taylor, Brother-to the said Taylor, testified, That his Brother had told him of Mr. Long's Promise of Two Guineas, as was before testified by his Brother; which caused him to vote for Mr. Long, though he was before inclined for Sir Bazil: And further said, That Mr. Scot, an Agent for Mr. Long, offered to lend him 50/. if he would vote for Mr. Long; which he refusing to accept of, the said Mr. Scot promised him Twenty Bushels of Wheat; but he has not received the Wheat: He said, he was bred a Shoemaker, but now works by the Day at Husbandry: He also laid. He was refilled to be made free, unless he would vote for Mr. Long.

Oliver Hill testified, That one Tho. Russell, who voted for Mr. Long, told him, That he had 10/. to vote for Mr. Long.:

William Morley testified. That Richard told

him. That Mr. Zowghad a Bond upon him, that he should not fish in certain Waters; and that he delivered him up ithe Bond to vote for his Brother, and gave him Leave to fish: But the Bond was afterwards produced on behalf of the Sitting Member.

] John Stevens testified, That Philip Gage told him, That Mr. Long, the Sitting Member, gave the said Gage an Horse of or 5 /. in Value, and 3 in Money, to vote for him.

Mr. James Stokes testified, That in September he came to Chippenham, and asked Tho. Stickle which way he was inclined; and that the said Stickle answered, He was for Sir Bazil; but there was 2 ol, in the way.

John Cooke testified, That Stickle told him, That if he could help him to 20 /. due to one of the Long's, he would vote for Sir Bazil; otherwise they would ruin him.

Waller Bond, a Porter, testified. That Mr. Long, when he came to Town, feat for him, and desired his Vote, and_gave him Half-a-Crown, and promised to gratify him further: The said Bond also declared, That he bad invited several of the Burgesses, as well on behalf of the Sitting Member as Sir Bazil;but had received no Money

of Sir Bazil: That he voted for Mr. Long.

Robert Taylor testified, That M r. Tho. Long went to one Goody Seryl's, and told her, He hoard the would let her House; and that be would give her more than any body for it, That, flie not being willing to dispote of her House,

Mr. Long called for Aie and lent abroad for Brandy, which he put into it, and made her drink, arid took the Key out of her Bosom, and Thrust her out of Doors, and hath kept her oyt ever since: That Mr. Long afterwards appointed her Lodgings at the White-hart.

That Henry Lant, who voted for Mr. Long, lay in a Borough-house one Night only; but the House he lived in tvas not a Borough-house.

James Stokes testified, That Wm. Guy was a single Man, and lived with his Father.

That, for the Sitting-Member, was produced

Elizabeth Light: Who testified, That Mr. Scot, some time before the Election, met Taylor in her House, and asked him. If ever he promised the said Tayler Twenty Bushels of Wheat? That Taylor said, No; and, fays Mr. Scot, Nor never will; nor shall you have any Wheat w ithout Money.

Robert Elliott testified, That he was in Company with Walter Bond, before examined, the next Day after Sir Bazil came to Chippenham; and that he said, Sir Bazil had given him 40 s. and a Silver Tobacco-box to Mr.

Chappell, to be serviceable to him: That he shewed him Four Half-crowns, and offered to lend him Two; he the said Bond further saying, That Sir Bazil did not expett it by Majority, but would make Bribery of it.

jo. Jones testified, That Bond told him, Mr. Long gave him the Half-Crowns for inviting the Freemen; and that Sir Bazil had given him 40s. to buy him Gloves.

John Browning testified. That he was present when Gage bought the Horse before mentioned of Mr. Long, and bargained for 3 U for it.

Henry Lawrence testified, That John Etwell, one of the Petitioners, upon Discourse that Mr. Long had more Votes, laid, What then ? it was but going to the Parliament-House and telling a few Lyes: And, That he should get 100l. if Sir Bazil carried; but get nothing by Mr,

Long.

James Ladd testified, That, difeourfing with one , that voted for Sir Bazil, Willis said, That, rather than Mr. Long should fit in the House of Commons, he would have somebody go up and say any thing.

William Zaly testified, That Tho. White, who acted for Sir Bazil Embrace, came to his House, and pulled out 5 /. and said, He would give him that Money, if, after he had voted for Mr. Long, he would say, Mr. Long had bribed him: Zaly had been Servant to White.

Bently Head testified, That Mr. Ady, one of the Petitioners, came to Thom. Slade's, and said, If Rujs

would be a Witness against Mr. Long, it should be 40 s. and upwards, in his way: And that Chappell, the Petitioner, offered John Gill I o /. for an Hogshead of Beer, and after that Rate for Four or Five, if he would vote for Sir Bazil.

John Gate testified, That Mr. Chappel, the Petitioner, would have had him go to the Fair, and have bought some Leather on Sir Bazil's Account; but he refused it:

And Mr. Ady told him, If he owed Money, he would fee it paid.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Richard Long Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Richard Long Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chippenham in the County of Wilts.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill fblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Lund Tax. consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an'

Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the W ar against France with Vigour,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir

6 W. III. 50 — 7° — 8° Januarii.

ipp

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progrefe in the Bill to them committed; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said

Bill. x

Committee*: Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, Tdie Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

HcWilding rpHE Lord Digby reported from the Committee, to " horn the Bill for rebuilding the Borough of lVar~ u' wick; and for determining of Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished by reason of the dreadful lire which happened there; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Sevennight, at Eleven a Clock.

A Bill for continuing Two former Acts for punching Punching Officers 8nd Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert their Ma- Mutiny and jesties Service; and for punching faife Mutters; and for Desertl0a-Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, at Eleven a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to pUUe*<"* consider of the Act, made the last Session, intituled, An Papw' ' Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Proceeding in the Consideration of the Matter to them referred; but had not come to any Resolution thereupon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 8* die Januarii;

Duties on Jsper, is*.

A Petition of the Stationers of the City of,

in behalf of themselves, and others of the faraeTrade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act for laying several Duties upon V ellum. Parchment, and Paper, for Pour Yeas, have taken upon themselves the felling and dispersing of those Commodities, by appointing Officers throughout the Kingdom for that Purpose; to the great Diminution of the Duties arising the reby, and the Ruin of the Petitioners Trade: And praying, That they may be beard and relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to hear the feud Petitioners by themselves, or their Counsel.

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Pshlih

Ofkts,

Ordered, That all the Members that come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for exempting Apothecaries from serving as Constables, Scavengers, and other PariQi and Ward Offices,.....shall have Voices.

TrjsSsiu

tWii.ue,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, proceed further in the Examination and Consideration of the late Proceedings and Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire.

Ordered, That all Persons who were formerly fom-moned to attend this House touching tire said Proceedings and Examinations, and who have not been discharged from their further Attendance, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ttwftotttir A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament was committed, be made upon Tkwrfduy Morning, before the Call of the House.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth,

Sir Edward

Sir John j

Tellers for the Noes,

Vol. XI.

Prayers.

ABILL for the better preventing the Exportation of prevMting Wool, by altering the Penalty , and for the Prefer- Export of vation of the publick Market at B; and for Wool, Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactories, in Payment of their Wages; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Sir Sum. Bamardiston, Sir Ralph Dutton, Colonel Lee,

Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hungerford, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr.

Biddulph, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Mr. Mr.

White, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Blof, Mr. Try, Sir John

Wynn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Brewer, Mr. How, Sir John Moreton, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. , Sir Chr.

Musgrave, Mr. England, Sir Tho Mr. Waller,

Sir Orl. Gee, Mr. Lutterd, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Fra. fam, Colonel Perry, Mr. Freke, Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bere, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Ward, Mr. Bofcawen,

Mr. Speke, Sir Matth, Andrews, Mr. Mr.

Bockland, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Newport, Sir John Kmtchbull, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr.

Foot Onslow, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Smith, Sir Cha. Raleigh,

Mr. Fawkes, Sir John Kay: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Tour a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tellers for the Yeas,

\o\.

(Sir Tho. Pope Blount, \Mr. Colt:

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Duties of the Act, made the last Session, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, for carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto *, and to report the Matter to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Lord Bellamont,

Mr. Harley, Sir RowlandGrtyn, Mr. Wilmot, Sir denham, Mr. Mai fell, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr.

Mr. Lloyd, Mr White, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Bicker staff, Mr. Dolben, Mr. P. Foley, Sir Chr.

Mr. Christie, Mr. Finch.* Massum, Colonel Rolles, How,

Mr,

104

8° — 90 Januarii. A. 1694.

Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Bracer, Sir Mr.

ries, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. , Mr. Foley, Sir JValt.

Yonge, Mr. Blofeild, Lord Bland, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr.

Mountague, Mr. Palmes, Mr. /Valter, Sir Raleigh, Sir John Guile, Sir Matth.Andrews, Mr. Brockman, Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Clark, Mr. ham, Colonel Lee, Serjeant Thurbane, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Lutterell: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee*. Ordered and Declared, That a Motion for adjourning of Committees may be made after One a Clock.

Clipping the Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to receive

Coin. Propofols how to prevent^ dipping of the Coin of this Kingdom for the future; aridHhe Exportation of Silver; and to report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Sir Thomas Cook, Mr. Morgan, Sir Jaoob Ashley, Mr. Scobel, Mr. Sanford, Sir John Guise, Mr. Lout her, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Maine, Mr. Christie, Sir Jof Herne, Sir York, Sir John

Fleet, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Sir

rteux, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Chr. Mujg Sir John , Sir John Bolles, Colonel Perry, Mr. Palmes, Mr. , Sir

Hen. Gough, Mr. Chetzoyit, Mr. Boztyer, Mr. Boyle, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir William Cook, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho.

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Cook, Mr. Travers, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Ward, Mr. Godotphen, Mr. Bulkly, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir John Kay, Mn Stonekouse, Mr. Clark, Mr. White, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Waller, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Sir John Moreton, Mr.

Lutterell, Mr. Rockland, Mr. How, Mr. Mr.

Willmot, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Air. Bromley, Sir Ro-

bert Eden, Sir Matth. Andrews: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon,' in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ways The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved

and Mean*, itfel.f info a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itleif into a mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 9° die;

Sexto Gulielwi Tertii.

Prayers.

Expiring li/fR. Waller reported from the Committee, appointed Law*. 1VJL to inspect and consider what Laws are lately expired and expiring; and to report their Opinion what Laws are fit to be revived and continued; That the Committee had inspected and considered the Laws accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow j viz,

21

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to take away Clergy from some Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment; which, by Part of another Act, made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of the said King and Queen intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired, and near expiring, was explained; and was to continue and be in force for Three Years, from the 13th Day of February 1692, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets; and for regulating of Printing, and Printing-presses; which was revived in the 'First Year of the Reign of the late King James, and continued, from the 24th Day of June 1685, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and was again revived by the said Act* made in the said Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining, several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired, and near expiring, and continued for One Year, from the 13th Day of February 1692, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That An Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devices; which was to continue from the 23th Day of March 1692, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That An Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King's-Bench, Common-Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster; which was to be in Force for One Year from the Five-and-twentieth Day of March 1693, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; be continued.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for the more effectual prohibiting the Importa- Earthea-tion of Earthen-ware was read a Second time. ware.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir More-ton, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. Smith, Sir William Drake, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Ward

Mr. Carter, Mr. Holt, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr.

Mr. Nicholas, Sir Tho. Coolc, Mr. Colonel

Perry, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Waller, Sir John Banks, Mr.

England, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Kay,

Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr.

Brewer, Sir Joseph Heme, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Pendarvis,

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Kendall,

Mr. Colt, Mr. Bawyer, Mr. Foot Onslow, Mr. Long, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Slatert Sir John Mr. Hunger ford, Mr. Clerke, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Robert Edon,

Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Cooke, Sir Ra. Dutton: And they are to meet Tomorrow, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Encouragement of Encourage-Privateers be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, u,ent ot at Eleven a Clock. Privateer*.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itleif into a Committee of the w hole House, to Emui Tax. consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Air.

6 W. III. 90 — 10° — 11° — aoi

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they haa made a further Progrefe in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, after the Hearing of the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Leverpo is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 10* Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Earthen- A PETITION of the Mailer, Wardens, and Com-

mut. J\. monalty of the Company of Glass-l'ellers of London,

dealing in all Sorts of Earthem-ware and Glasses, on behalf of themselves, and divers others dealing in the said Commodities, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there being a Bill now depending in the House for the more effectual prohibiting the Importation of Earthen-ware, the said Bill, if it should pals into a Law, will not only lessen his Majesty's Customs, and Navigation, but will all'o inhance the Prices of all Earthenwares as can be made here, and will tend to the Ruin of the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard what they have to object against the said Bill, before the Faffing thereof.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Encourage- A Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers was, ment of according to Order, read a Second time.

Privateer*. Rejotvcd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said BilL.

Cull of the The House was, according to Order, called over:

Hous*. And the Names of such as made Default were called

over a Second time; and the Absence of several of them excused, by reason of present Sickness, until they should recover their Healths; and some few were excused, generally, for urgent Occasions.

Veneris, 11° die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Ptevtuting A PET IT I ON of the Cloth-Packers in and about Export of the City of London w as presented to the House, and

00 ‘ read; letting forth, That a Bill is now depending in this House, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the Publick Market at Blackwell- and for Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactories, in Payment of their Wages: In which Bill there is a Clause, That all broad W oollen Cloth entered at shall he there fold; which Clause will not only much hinder the Sale of Woollen Cloth, as the Petitioners conceive, but will also be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners; the greatest Part of whose Trade hath been the felling of Woollen Cloth: And praying to be beard against the said Clause, before the same do pals into a Law'.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Vo E. XI.

referred to the Committee, to whom the fiwd Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Maltjoroogh Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for elect- Writ, ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malborough in the County of Wilts, in the room of Shr George Willoughby Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to vest Veiling the Interest of Judgments, and other Securities assigned, Interffft of in, the Assignees: And That Mr. Waller and Sir Joseph ^"d8ment*» Tredenham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the several LeverpooU Petitions touching the Election for the Borough of - Eletoon. poole in the County of Lancaster.

And the Counsel and Witnesses for the Parties concerned were called in, and heard at the Bar.

And then withdrew.

And the Question being put. That Thomas Rrotherten Esquire is duly elected and returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leverpoole in the County-Palatine of Lancaster.

It passed in the Negative.

Refolded, That Jasper Mawdit Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Leverpoole in the County-Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Mayor of Leverpoole, and the Clerk of the Crown, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Return for the said Borough, in order to amend the fame.

Resolved, That Mr. Alexander Norres, Mayor of the Borough of Leverpoole in the County of Lancaster, having taken upon him to judge, That Jasper Mawdit Esquire, being Coroner of the said Borough, was uncapable to be elected a Burgess to serve in Parliament, although duly chosen; and having made a false Return of Tho. Brother-ton Esquire to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough; hath herein violated the Rights of the Commons of England, and broken the Privileges of this House.

Resolved, That the said Mr. Alexander Norres, for the said Misdemeanor, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Privilege-Precedents, what Censures have been inflicted upon Offi- C*nfuie® cers for making false Returns; and to report the feme to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Mr. Wharton, Sir Chr. Musgrace, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gerrard, Sir Robert,

Sir John Bolles, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Mr.

Colonel Cornwall, Colonel Austen, Mr. Freke, Mr. man, Mr. Finch, Colonel Lee, Mr. , Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Waller, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Andrews, Mr.

Brockman, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Moantague, Lord,

Mr. Comptroller, Sir Win. Strickland, Sir C Windham, Mr. Palmes, Sir Wilfr.Lawson, Sir Tho. HaJ/erigg,

Mr. Loa ther. Sir Henry Ashurst, Mr. Smith, Major Vincent, Mr. Sherrard, Sir John Kay, Lord Sir

Walter Young, Sir Ra. Dutton Sir Bhtl.c, Sir Jcrvas Elites, Sir Fra Massam, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Foley:

And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

And then the House, upon the Question put, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, IT uie Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

P RAY E RS.

ORDERED, That Mr. Batch have Leave to go few* of into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absene*.

3 F Ordered,

303

13° Januarii.

A. 1694.

Absentees

wiihont

Leave.

Call of the House.

Undue Practices in Elections.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to absent himself from his Service in this House, without Leave first obtained: And that every Member, absenting himself without Leave, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, not having Leave to be absent, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider how to prevent undue Solicitations and Practices in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and also how to prevent false Returns; and to report their Opinion therein to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr.

Sir Fra. Molyneux, Mr. Christie, Mr. , Sir I Pm.

Cooke, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Tho. SirTho.

Sir John Barker, Sir Ralph 'Dutton, Mr. Freke, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Ward, Mr. Mr. Burrington, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Haw try, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vincent, Sir Jerv.

Ehces, Sir Fra. Vincent, Mr. Harley, Sir Cooper, Mr. White, Mr. Done, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Cook, Mr. Arnold, Lord Bellamont, Mr. England, Sir John Kay, Mr. Lmvther, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Waller, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Stanley, Serjeant Blinco, Mr. Clarke, Sir Sam.

And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Defaulters to Call of the House.

Queen's

Funeral.

Leverpoole

Return

amended*

Abuses in Army Subsistence Money.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate and Consideration of the Default and Absence of Sir Edward

Ascough, Tho. Pitt Esquire, and Tho. Neale Esquire:

And the Question being put. That Sir be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Thomas Neale Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write Letters to Sir Nath. Nappier and Sir Edward to acquaint

them, That this House requires their Attendance upon /Vcdnesday Sevennight.

The House being moved to declare in what manner they wiil attend at the Solemnity of her Majesty's Funeral;

Resolved, Nomine Contradicente, That this House will attend at the Solemnity of her Majesty's Funeral, as a House, with their Speaker.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Circumstances relating to the Procession of this House, and their Place, at the Solemnity of her Majesty's Funeral:

And it is referred to Lord Marquis Sir Edward

Seymour, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr.

Boyle, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Harley, Sir Robert Cotton, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Edward Hussey, or any Five of them: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are impowered to fend for Perl'ons, Papers, and Records.

The Mayor of the Borough of Leverpoole in the County of Lancaster, and Clerk of the Crown, attended, according to Order; and amended the Return for the said Borough, by rafing out the Name of Thomas Brotherton Esquire, and inferring the Name of Jasper Mawdit Esquire, instead thereof

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Royston in the County of Hertford and Cambridge was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Captain Henry Cartwright'

25

Company of Foot, belonging to Colonel Hast lags' % Regiment, being now quartered at Royston, demand the several Sums following to be paid them weekly by the Petitioners for their Subsistence, over and above their Lodging, and other Necessaries, as the Law requires; viz. to the Lieutenant, 175.- 6d.; to the Ensign, 14?.; the Serjeant 6s.; every Coporal, 4s. 6d.; and every private Centinel, 3s.; and threaten for Non-payment to take the Petitioners Goods: That the Petitioners are willing to give them such Subsistence as they are able to do, and as the Law directs; but are not able to bear a Grievance of this Nature, having formerly been great Sufferers by quartering Two Companies of Sir John Edgworth's Regiment, from the 12th February 1688, to the 15th of April 1089; for which the Petitioners never were paid one Farthing; And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That Captain Henry Cartwright be summoned to attend this House upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Lieutenant and Ensign of Captain Hemy Cartwright's Company be also summoned to attend this House, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

The House according to the Order of the Day^ resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Ways and further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be ^leans-granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That, in order to their Proceedings in the Matter to them referred, they had directed him to move the House,

That a State of the Revenue, with the Loans, Debts, and Charges thereupon; and also an Account of the Establishment, Charge, and Expence, of the Civil Lilt; may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do, with all convenient Speed, lay before this IIoulc a State of the Revenue from Michaelmas 1O93, to Michaelmas 1694, with the Loans, Debts, and Charges upon the Revenue.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do also, with all convenient Speed, lay before this House an Account of the Establishment, Charge, and Expence, of the Civil List, from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas, 1694.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts do, with all convenient Speed, lay before this House a State of the Incomes and Issues of the Revenue, from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas 1694.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts do forthwith lay before this House Abstracts of the Revenues of the Excise, Customs, Post-Office, and linall Branches.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Coin mitten.

A Member

discharged from custody.

West-

Thorock

Inundation.

6 W. III.

Luna, 14* die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

f\ RDERED, That Thomas Neale Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Christie reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine and consider the Petition of the Poor of Cobham College, and Proprietors of Lands now under Water in West-Thorock, in the County of That they had examined and considered the same accordingly; and do find the Matter to be as followeth;

That, in December 1690, a general Inundation happened, such as never was before in the Memory of Man; whereby all the Banks and Sea-walls next to the River of

Thames, from Purjiect to St. Clemens Church in the said

Parish of JVsst-Thorock, were broken down, and a thousand Acres of Marsh-land overflowed, which have ever since continued under the Water:

That the said Banks and Sea-walls were, at the time of the said Inundation, in very good Repair, and kept out the Water, until it ran over the Top about two Foot Water; but, upon the Reflux of the Tide, they were all broken down, though the Water was never knou n to go over the Banks before upon any Flood:

That the Petitioners, who are the Proprietors of the said Lands did immediately all that possibly they could to drain their Lands of the said Water, and to make good the Banks and Sea-walls; and so continued to do as long as there w as any Hopes of recovering the fame, having expended above 3,000l. in attempting it; which hath proved ineffectual: And particularly the Lady Smith, who purchased of Colonel Grice about 200 Acres of the said Lands, not above a Fortnight before the Inundation, expended, for her Share, above a Thousand Pounds, though (he never received one Petty of Rent, anti odd the Land Tax for two Years, when the Land was under Water: Besides which Expence, the Proprietors have iu ft lined great Lofl'cs and Damage to several Houses and Outhouies, Cattle, and Stock, which have been quite carried away by the ltapid-ness of the Stream:

That, several Complaints being made to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, touching the Shelf mentioned in the Petition, Sir Richard Haddock, Sir Henry Sheers, and several other Members of Trinity-House,

Strond, did, by Order of the said Lords Commissioners, about a Year since, go down the River of Thames, and found that the said Inundation had made a very great Breach in the Banks and Sea-walls; and that the said Shelf, which reaches a full Third Part over the , was occa-

fioned by the said Breach and Overflowing of the Lands upon the Ebbing away of the Tide, which soaks and washes the Land, and brings the Earth into the River: That the said Shelf increaseth daily, so that, unless some speedy Care be taken to remove the fame, it may quite choak up the River in time; however, as it then was, it was a great Prejudice to the Navigation, many Ships having run upon the said Shelf, and received much Damage by reason of the Shallowness of the Water, where, before the Shelf was five Fathom deep at low Water, was not then above Three Fathom Water; so that Mariners are forced to ftcer a new Course about, to cotne up the said River: That they believe the Shelf might then contain 500,000 Tons of Earth, and that the Charge to clear the Thames of it might, at that time, amount to about 20,0001.; but know not how much the same is increased since, nor what the Charge may be of removing the fame: And Sir Henry Sheers said, He delivered a Plot of the Shelf, and an Estimate of the Charge, to Sir William Ashurst, when Lord Mayor of London, being summoned before him to give an Account thereof.

That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of , as

Conservators of the River of Thames, and Commissioners of Sewers, by Act of Parliament, upon Complaint made Voi. XI.

203

to them about the Navigation of the said River, decreed the Petitioners to pay Six Pounds per Acre, to make good the said Banks and Sea-walls, or otherwise their Lands to be sold, according to several Acts of Parliament in that same provided:

That the said overflown Lands, before the Inundation, were not worth above Four or Five thousand Pounds to be sold; and the Charge of draining the fame, and making good the Banks and Sea-walls, is computed at about 16,000l.:

That the Estate of the Poor of Cobham College in the said Lands was lett at 40 /. per Annum Rent, before the Inundation; but since they have made nothing of it:

That a very great Ferry, which daily ul'cd to transmit Cattle between the Counties of Essex and Kent, is totally destroyed by the said Inundation, many Highways thereby rendered impaiTuble; and that the Parishioners of IV Thorock cannot go to Church but at low Water.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That, the Petitioners having fully proved the several Allegations of their Petition, it is the Opinion of the Committee, That the Petitioners are fit Objects of Relief; and that the Shelf mentioned in their said Petition is a great Prejudice to the Navigation of the River of Thames, and worthy the Consideration of the House.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Saturday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to dif- Elefhons — able all Persons from voting in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, who shall refuse to take the Oaths to refusing the Government: And..... Mr. Fitton Gerrat'd, and Mr. Oaths. Arnold do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Waller, according to Order, presented to the House Veiling a Bill to vest the Interest of Judgments, and other Securities assigned, in the Assignees: And the same was received.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Commit- baud *ax-tee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill lor granting to his Majel'ty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Try ala in ceeded in the further Examination and Consideration of the Lancashire, late Proceedings and Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire. &c*

And Sir Eduard Clark, Mrs. and the Oilman

upon Snow-hill the Constable, attending according to

Order;

They were severally called in; and examined.

And withdrew.

Also Sir Henry IVingfeild, Mr. and Mr.

Perkins, attending according to Order, were severally called in; and examined.

And withdrew.

Ordered, That Sit* Edward Clark, Mrs. Amcell, the Constable, and the Master and Mistress of the Inn, and their Two Daughters, and Mr. Newberry, be discharged from further Attendance.

Ordered, That Sir Henry IVingfeild be discharged from further Attendance at this 'rime.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candle*.

And they were so.

One Sprat attending;

He was called in; and examined.

And withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, proceed further in the Examination and Consideration of the late Proceedings and Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire.

Ordered, That all Persons who were formerly summoned to attend this House, touching the said Proceedings and

Examinations,

14" Janua.

j

Apothecaries exempt from Parish Offices*

State of the Revenue*

*©4 14* — -i j®

Examinations, and who have not been discharged from their further Attendance, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That John Wilson, Edward Brotvn and Eliza. Hatton, do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 15* die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Price reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward-Offices; was committed; and to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, was referred; That the Committee had examined and considered the said Petition accordingly; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That such Apothecaries as are now in any of the said Offices, shall hold the fame:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for Ik. Yeas } '*>

Tellers for the Noes.. } 63.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Guy, from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, presented to the House a State of the Revenue, from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas 1694; with the Loans, Debts, and Charges upon the Revenue; together with an Account of the Establishment:

And the feme was read; and is as followeth;

CUSTOMS.

The Duties, by the Act of Parliament determined at Christmas now last past, commonly called the Customs; which did arise from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas 1694; and did, at the End of every Week, remain, after Payments made thereout upon Debentures for Goods refbipt; for Corn exported; or for Discounts upon Bonds; with Allowances for damaged Goods, and Portage- Bills; were divided into Three-fourth Parts, and One-fourth Part: The Three-fourth Parts were oonftantly paid into the Exchequer, and there applied towards Payment of the Principal Money borrowed thereupon, with the Interest thereof; and out of the One-fourth Part the Receiver-General paid so much of the Charge of managing the Customs, as was payable by his Hands; and the Residue of the said Fourth Part was applicable to Uses of the Civil-Lift.

The Receipts of the said Customs in the said Year ended at Michaelmas 1694, over and above the Debentures, Discounts, and Allowances, aforesaid; and over and above the Charges of Management; did amount to 406,98,7/. 16* 6£</.; bdfides the Sum of 24,282/. 7«, 7 \d.‘,which was not the real Produce of the Revenue,

but Money within the said Year advanced, and paid beforehand, by the Receiver, upon the said Fourth Part.

Januarii. 1694.

The Principal Money remaining unpaid this 14th of January 1694, upon the Register for the { Customs, doth amount to 232,447/. 15 s.9 d.besides the Interest thereof.

The Principal Money borrowed, and remaining unpaid this 14th of January 1694, upon the £ Customs, is 15,000l.; for which Interest is also payable.

The annual Charge, usually borne on the Revenue of Customs by Letters Patents, or Grants for Pensions, and other yearly Payments, Part of the Civil List, doth amount, in the Whole, unto 6,783/. 5 s-

Whereof the Particulars are contained in the annexed

Lift marked A.

COFFEE and TEA.

The new Duties on Coffee and Tea were applicable to Uses of the Civil List; and the net Receipts thereof, in the Year ended at Michaelmas 1694, did amount to 2,153/. 94. ad.; but these are expired at Christmas last, and are not regranted by the Act newly passed.

EXCISE.

The Rates of Excise granted in Fee, and those now enjoyed during his Majesty's Life, which are called the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, did, by the Receipts thereof in the Year ended at Michaelmas last, produce, in net Money, over and above the Charges of Management, the Sum of 413,053/. 14 s.o\d.

The Principal Money borrowed and charged by Tallies on the said Two Branches, and now remaining unfetisfied, doth amount to the Sum of 260,748 /. ns. 11 and Interest is payable for the feme.

Besides which Sum of 260,748 /. 11 11 and Interest, the said Hereditary Branch of Excise stands charged with an old Debt of 1,333,873/. 14.9. 7 id. due to several Bankers, and others, or their Assigns; for which his late Majesty King Charles the 2d granted to them, and their Heirs, several Sums, making 80,032/. 85. id. per Annum, in the Nature of perpetual Interest, until they should be respectively satisfied the Principal; and the said perpetual Interest is in Arrear for Eleven Veal's, and Three Quarters, amounting to 940,380/. 14s. 11 or thereabouts; and the said Two Branches of Excise, jointly or severally, do stand specially charged by particular Letters Patents or Grants for Pensions, and other yearly Payments, Part of the Civil Lilt, with several annual Payments, amounting to 79,069/. 155. 2 per Annum', whereof the Particulars are contained in _the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked A.

LOW WINES.

The Duties upon the Low Wines produced, in the net Receipts thereof, for the said Year ended at Michaelmas 1694, the Sum of 13,698/. 15 8 and have no

Debt thereupon.

L E T T E R-M O N E Y.

The Revenue arising in the General Post-Office, in the Year ended at Michaelmas 1694, produced, over and

above the Charges of Management, the Sum of 59,972 /. 14 s.9 d.

The present Debt, by Tallies upon this Revenue, is 19,205/. 9*. 2d.', and the yearly Charge, by special Grants thereupon, doth amount to the Sum of 21,200 /. per Annum, which is also Part of the Charge of the Civil List, as appears by the annexed Lift, marked B.

SMALL BRANCHES, and CASUALTIES.

All the Sums which have been answered in Money into the Receipt of the Exchequer, or by Tallies levied upon the finall Branches, and Casualties, within the Year before-mentioned, excluding the Coinage-Duty, which is appropriated to the Mint, do amount to the Sum of 77,435 /> li s.51

The Revenue of Wine-Licences, one of the finall Branches, was granted to Sir Stephen Evance and others, for Ten Years, from Lady-day 1691; and thereupon they advanced Thirty thousand Pounds, of which there ltiti remain unpaid 21,000 U

The

1

6 W. III.

15° Januarii.

205

The yearly Charge on finall Branches, as by the Lift marked B, doth amount

On the Alienation-Office for Petitions, Part of the Civil List ——

On the Duchy of Cornwall, for the like -On the Revenue of Wales, for the like -On First-Fruits and Tenths, for the like On the Lotteries for the like -

5

1,800

s. d.

5,330 ——

2,500 ——

12,450 ——

3,992' 2 6

A. Charged by Letters Patents, or other Special Grants; viz.

On the Customs.

For the Consul of Algiers -Fol the Consul at Tripoly - For the Comptroller of the Treasuret of the! I Chamber's Office ----- -jj For the Master of the Otter-Hounds For the 2 Secretaries ot State, each 1,850 For the Lord Privy-Seal -Tor Amias and Juliana Hext-

Samuel Clark - -

Geo. Tuthill -

Corporation of Lyme -

Chancellor of the Garter -Thomas Hyde -

Corporation of Berwick -Corporation of Dartmouth -Chanes Fairfax -

per Annum. 600 — -380 — -

150

28

3,700

365

200

300

100

100

570

50

100

40

100

— U

5 —

*. d.

State of th» Revenue.

On the Hereditary and Temporary Excise

For the Queen Dowager Prince and Princess of Denmark -Duchess of Bucclngh -Duchess of Richmond -Duke of Gratton a,0001. and 2,000 I.

Duchess Dowager of Grafton Duke of Southampton -

Duke of N orthurnbei land Sir William Killegrew -

Sam. Morland F.squire - -

Fishermen and Adventurers of Great Yarmouth

12,209 15 50,000 ——

4.000 -

1.000 -

4.000 -

1.000 -

3.000 ——

3.000 ——

500 ——

200 ——

160 ——

The Charge of the Civil List in the Year from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas 1694, will, by Computation, be as followeth; viz.

J

In the Cofferer's Office, for the ordinary and"! extraordinary, as per his Certificate -j

In the Treasurer of the Chamber's Office, as per/ Certificate of the Deputy Comptroller -In the great Wardrobe, as per Certificate In the Office of the Robes, per Estimate -In the Office of the Works, ordinary and extra-"! ordinary ----- - -J

To the Paymaster of the Gardens, as per Certificate ——

In the Office of the Stables; to wit,

On settled Allowances I / 8 ,-g And for Extraordinaries, V '

b, Fitl.,ate - .) 20'000 -

To Foreign Ministers on their ordinary Enter-"! tainments, and for Extraordioaries by Computation/ To divers Persons on Fees and Salaries, payable! at the Exchequer, over and above what paid to\ Officers of the Customs, Excise, Post-Office, &c or by the Receivers thereof -

To divers Persons on Pensions and Annuities,"I as by the annexed Lift - - - - -J

To the Band of Pensioners -

To the late Queen - -

To the Queen Dowager -

To the Prince and Princess of Denmark -To divers Persons, as of their Majesties Bounty,!] there was paid at the Exchequer - - - j

Vol. XL

100,485 ——

37,330 8 8

35,429 3 5

4,000 ——

35,365

8,787

7 4i

5

28,376 7 6

30,676 7 7

54,274

79,»47 6

6,000 —

50.000 ——

18,209 15 2

50.000 —

29,714 6 114\

3Cr

Fur

150 Januarii.

State of the Revenue.

406

A. 1694.

For SECRET

S E R V

d.

s.

7

8*

By Mr. Guy * 37»io6

By Earl of Nottingham - - 3,000

By DukeofShrewsbury- - 1,000

By Sir John Trenchard - - 2,500

In the Privy-Purse, per Estimation

For Jewels and Plate, per Estimation

For CONTINGEN The Libates of the Exchequer, Printers Bills Messengers Bills of the Court, and Receipt of the Exchequer, Incidents to Commissioners of Accounts, Law-Charges, Surplusages of Accounts, Rewards for apprehending Highwaymen, Receivers Rewards, and many other Particulars, there was paid within this Year -

ICES

was paid as follows;

s

43,606 7 8-J

30.000 -

10.000 -

C I E S j to wit.

s.

d.

j

42,680 5 6

694,081 1

Payments made to the Civil List in the Year ended at Michaelmas 1694. Part of which became due or Incurred within the same Year: And the Residue consisted of Arrears incurred within preceding Years; viz

Cofferer for the Houshold Treasurer of the Chamber, for his Office Wardrobe ——

Robes ——

Works ——

Gardens ——

Stables ——

Foreign Ministers -

Fees and Salaries The Queen -

Queen Dowager - -

Prince and Princess of Denmark -Pensions and Annuities -Bounties ——

4

16

3.000 ——

2,500 ——

1.000 ——

SECRET By Hen. Guy, Esquire - - ,37,106 7 81

By Earl of Nottingham, late"!

Secretary - - -j

By Sir John Trenchard By the Duke of Shrewsbury -Band of Pensioners - ,

Jewels and Plate -

Privy Purl'e -

CONTING

Rewards to Receivers, Law-Charges, Libates, 'j Printing, Exchequer, Messengers Bills, Commis* I sioners of Accounts for Incidents, Surplusages, / Rewards for taking Highwaymen, and many [

99>i°9 36,818 15,500 7,100 25,346 9,661 13,800 26,281 83,551

64.000 10,709

47.000 55.566 29,7H

S E R V I

3*

10

14

1

5

15

15

6

8

31

7*

11

C E S.

43,606 7 81

6,000 — 5»9°° — 39,795 —

E N C I

E S; viz.

other Particulars -

m J

42,680

662,141 2 11

B. A L I S T of Pensions and Annuities, on the Customs.

Per Annum.

Amias and Juliana Hext Samuel Clark Geo. Tuthill Corporation of Lyme -Corporation of Dartmouth Town of Berwick Tho. Fairfax Tho. Hyde, < % Uxor -Chancellor of the Garter

200

300

100

100

40

loo

100

50

570

8 — 5 —

1,560

On the Hereditary and Temporary EXCISE.

Duchess of Bucclugh -

Duchess of Richmond -

Duke of Grafton, 2,000l. and 2,000l.

Duchess Dowager of Grafton -

Duke of Southampton - -

Duke of Northumberland -

Sir William Killigrew -

Sam. Morland, Esquire -

Fishermen and Adventurers of Great Yarmouth

4.000

1.000

4.000

1.000

3.000

3.000 500 200 160

16,860 — —

On

6 W. Ill-

15 ° Januarii

On the POST-OFFICE REVENUE.

Per Annum.

Earl of Rochester

Duchess of Cleveland -

Duke of Leeds ----- Duke of Schonberg ' - - ' *- -

Earl of Bath -

Lord Keeper - -

"William Dockra, to end at Midsummer .1697

jC* s‘

4.000 — —

4,700 — - —

3.500 j-- —

4.000 — —

2.500 ——

fi, oooo ——

500 — . —

£ d.

*21,200 ——

On the ALIENATION-.OFFICE.

Countess of Plymouth, Part of her Jointure Sir William Morris1 - 7 - -

Duke of St. Albans, Part of 2,000l.

1,000 -t-- — 300 — - — 500 — —

1,800 — —

Earl of Bath, Perpetuity Lord Keeper Sir Peter Killigrew ! Minister of Leliwithiel -

On the DUCHY of CORNWALL.

3.000 ---

2.000 — —

300 -

30 — —

5,33 ——

On the REVENUE of W ALES,

Henry D'Averquere -

Duke of St. Albans, Part of 2,000 /.

2,000 — — 500 — —

2,500

On the lft FRUITS and TENTHS.

Earl of Oxford - - - - 2,000 ——

Countess of Plymouth, Part of her Jointure - 2,00c--

Countess of Bristol ----- a,000 -

Earl of Bath ----- - 2,500-

Extraordinaries of Charles Toll, for Years to come 1,000 — —

Duke of St. Albans, Part of 2,000l. - - 1,000 -

Sir Sam. Morland ----- 600 — - —

Eliz. Hamilton ----- 500 -

James and William Hamilton - - 850 -

12,450 —

On the LOTTERY RENT.

12

12

6

6

Solomon Foubert -

Philip Howard -

James Gray -

Sir Gabriel Silvius - -

Lady Armstrong's Daughters -Charlotte Killigrew -

Susanna Leighton -

Jane Berkley - -

Eleanor Needham - -

Mary Eanlhaw -

Captqin John Richards -

Sir Cha. Slingsby -

Eliz. Slingsby -

Colonel Edmund Ogar -

Colonel Hen. Hubank -'**

Richard Sydenham, and Grace his Wife -Anne Duke -

Captain John Baker -

Captain Kctlleby's Grandchildren Captain J ohn atkinson -

Anne Alhbury -

Widow Collins - Mr. llofs his Three Daughters Mrs. Buis -

Edward Duke -

Colonel Vaughan - -

Dame Martha Cary -

Dame Pctroneila Cary -

Captain Janu s Voipcr -

Captain Griffith Standen -

Anne Aston -

Amy Goldlborough -

Elizabeth

In this Pla^e the following Article; viz. " On the 1 <id. per Chaldron, Sea Coals, Sir Tko. Clarges 500is struck through in the Journal, by Order oi the 1 8l1i of this Month: And the Deduction afterwards of 500l. from the Total is upon account of this Obliteration*

Vojl. XL

500

400

400

300

200

200

100

200

300

200

200

40

20

45

45

40

45

36

36

18

20

20

60

20

24

300

20

20

20

20

20

20

12 6 10 — 10 — 5 —

207

jC* A

of the Rt venue.

20S

15" JaMidrii.

1 Per Annum.

teof Elh&bdifti Hall, Jaiie Bell; Margaret Pretty, Y Revenue. each 20/. per Annum - - - - _j

Victoria Slingsby - - - _ .

Mallet Slingsby -

On the EXCHEQ-UE

Duke of Norfolk - -

Duke of Ormond - . ‘ -C

Duchels Buckinghani -

Ann Golding - - _ -

Nicholas Needham ! - -

Kath. Gunter - -

Earl of Darby, &;c, al. for poor Ministers in the Isle of Man - - ..

Kachel and Francis Wyndham -An. Lawson - - - - (

Wm. Levet- - -

Doctor Nicholas Gilbon - -

Robert Bertie - -

Lodowick Bray - -

Jane Browning ——

Charles Dormer - -

Earl of Kinoule ——

Christ's Hospital -

Poor of St. Martins -

Poor of Westminster, and King Clin. Ill's Hospital there -

Poor of St. James's -Poor of St. Mich. Comhill, a Perpetuity -Poor of St. Magne's Parish, London, the like -Poor of St. Buttolph's, the like -Poor of Walbrook, the like - -

Matter of Southwell School -Eaton College -

Emanuel College in'Cambridge -

Reader of Civil Law there -Reader of Physick there -

University of Cambridge -Lady Margaret Proiellbr at Oxford Reader of Physick there - -

Reader of Civil Law there -Dean and Chapter of Litchfeild -Vicar ol Litchfeild -

Dean and Chapter of Westminster, for French') Ministers in the Savoy - - - - -J

Matter of the Temple - -

Vicar of the Tower -

Sir John Cotton, a Perpetuity -

Poor of the Town of Hampton -Thomas Lane Esquire -John Rogers and Aim his Wife -Rachel and FrancesWyndham -

Sir Tho. Wyndham -

Colonel Gifford ——

Thomas Whitgrave ——

Nicholas Yates -

The Four King's Preachers in Lancashire, out') of the Rent of the difiblved Monastery of Fumes -J

4.

60

20 -1 _ mJLm

20 -

l H in Geileral.

3,000 — T_a

2,500. J

1,200 — \ —

1 2fO —

120 -t —

200 - -

100 i 1 "

400 J

350 _ o-x,

20 0 — —

100 — —

40 — —

40 J — —

60 —

120 — —

.1,000 — —

1 37a TO —

100 - —

100 — —

50 -

J'2 4 —

21 4 8

7

7 *3 4

10 — —

42 _ —

16 13 A

40 - —

40 —

10 - —

13 6 8

40 — —

40 — —

to — —

15 — . —

Co

jC' d*

,3,092 . 2 6

37 6 8

6 13 4

5 6 8

50 ——

500 ——

100 ——

400 — - —

600 ——

300 ——

200 — — 100 ——

12,754 18 8

200 — — -

£1694*

Total of Pensions and Annuities

Total

Ded.

79,147 6 2

500 ——

78,647

6 2 Rem.

Mr. Foley, according to Order, presented to the House, from the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, Abstracts of the Revenues of the Excise, Customs, Post-Office, and small Branches, from Michaelmas

1693, to Michaelmas 1694.

Received within the said Time; rist. Bv Her ditary and Temporary Excise More, by low Wines -

£. s. d. )C'd.

- - 438,823 19 11

- - 13,696 15 8*

£ s>

Out

6 W. III.

15* — 16° Januarit.

Out of which to be deducted, I £ s. d.

For Salaries of Officers ----- 21,537 8 8

For other incident Charges - 4,482 17 2

So the net Produce was -

By the Post-Office -

Out of which to be deducted,

For Salaries, as aforesaid, and Incidents - - 9>9,5

For Packet-Boats ----- - 19,424 7 3

So the net Proceed was -

By Small Branches.

Received net into the Exchequer - - - 1 -

Total of these Three Branches - - - 1 -

By Tonage and Poundage, or the old Customs - 1

Out of which to be deducted,

For Debentures - - - - 1 80,836 4 2*

For Salaries, as aforesaid - - - - j 43,033 8 7i

For Incidents - - - - 1 9,288 10 3

26,020 5 i<

89,312 2 9

29,339

So the net Produce was -By Coffee and Tea

Deduct for Allowances and Debentures -

So the net Produce was

Note, This Duty is now expired, by Coinage' appropriated to the Mint, received from iff 1693 to the 1 ft Sept. 1694 - -

Deduct for Debentures -

So the net Produce was -

-J

By new Impositions on East India Goods, Wine,l Vinegar, and Tobacco -j

Deduct for Allowances and Debentures -

So the net Produce was - -

540,743 ~ nf

»33,158 3 1

2,454 17 1* 302 — 1

10,832 14 10$ 159 18 8*

420,927 — H 19,694 10 2f

C

209

£ d.

426,500 9 9

59,972 14 9 63,169 14 94

549,642 19 3* 407,584 17 10*

2,152 17 10

10,672 16 2

401,232 1 n|

Tho. Charges,

Pope

Abney,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said State and Abstracts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

F«t Pro- Sir John Bulles, according to the Order of the Day, re-ctediogs in ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Parliament, the Hill touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House j and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And feme other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in respectoftbc Word " Heirs;"

And a Debate arising thereupon Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Vol. XI.

Paul Foley, Ja. Houblon,

Char. Hutchinson, Ro. Harley.

next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of Ways and the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Means-for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 16* die Januarii;

6* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

MR. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the church House a Bill for the more effectual Raising and Rates. Recovery of Rates for the Repair of Churches: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Henry Ashurst, according to Order, presented to Bankrupts the House a Bill for better Discovery of Bankrupts Estates: Estatea. And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

3 H Mr.

210

id* — 170 —

Elections — Mr . GerrUrd, according to Order, pirefented to the incapaci- House a Bill to disable all Persons from voting in Elec-PeJfons re- l*on Members to lerve in Parliament, who shall refuse fufuig Oaths. to take the Oaths to the Government: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight, at Eleven a Clock. \

Earthen- Ordered, That the; Committee, to whom the Bill for the ware. more effectual prohibiting the Importation of Earthen-

ware is committed, have Liberty to (it in a Morning, before the Sitting of the House.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Land Tax-, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furtherof the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to acquaint the House, That they had made a considerable Progress in the Bill; but, in regard the Commissioners Names were not as yet referred to them, they could not proceed upon that Part of the Bill without the Lists of the Commissioners.

- Whereupon the Titles of the several Lists of Commissioners presented to the House were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said several Lists of Commissioners Names be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Thomas IAttldon also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That the House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Billand had directed him to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into aCommittee, of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 17* die

18* Januarii. 94.

And then withdrew.

Mr. George JVilfon and Mr. Gombell, attending accord-, ing to Order, were severally called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Mr. Hayzvard, attending according to Order, was called in; and examined. - '

And then withdrew.

One Thomas Clay tom, also attending, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That the further Examination and Consideration of the late Proceedings and Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all such Persons as were ordered to attend this House this Day, touching the said Proceedings and Tryals, do attend this House again upon Wednesday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 18' die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That Captain and the Abusesm

v Lieutenant and Ensign of his Company, do attend Army Sub-this House, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, flUence* upon the Petition of the Inhabitants of Royston, money.

A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, and the rest of -Tower Hanyth e Officers in the Tower Hamlets, was presented to the lets Militia. House, and read; setting forth, That, at the Time of making the Act for ordering the Militia of this Kingdom, of 13th and 14th Car. Ildi, the Division of the lower Hamlets was under the same Lieutenancy with the rest . of the County of Middlesex; but it was afterwards thought fit, for making them more serviceable, to put them under a distinct Lieutenancy of their own: Whereupon many Suits have been, and ltill are, depending touching the Construction of a Clause in the said Act, relating to the said Militia: And praying, That the Lieutenancy within the Division of the Tower Hamlets may have the same Means to make the Militia therein serviceable and useful to the Government, as other Lieutenancies have within the several Counties of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to inspect the several Laws relating to the Militia; and to consider of their Defects; and to inquire particularly how the Trophy-money has been levied and applied; and to consider how the said several Laws may be explained, and made more eftcftual; and to report their Opinion to the House.

Bankrupts

Eiiates.

Kncourags-ment of Privateers.

Tryals in Lancashire,

&c.

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Pra y ers.

AB IL L for the better Discovery of Bankrupts Estates was, according to Order, read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, ,resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded in the further Examination and Consideration of the late Proceedings and Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire:

And Mr. Beresford and Mr. Bagshaw, attending according to Order, were severally called in; and examined. And then withdrew.

Mr. Tass was called in again; and examined.

The House being informed, That there is a Mistake in in

the Account of the Establishment, Charge, and Expence Account rec-of the Civil List, lately delivered into the House from the tified.

Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, by inserting therein a Duty arising by Coals of Newcastle lpent within the Land; and,

That thereon is 5001, per Annum granted to Sir Thomas Clarges Knight; there being, in truth, no such Duty to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Account be rectified; and the Matter touching the said Duty upon Coals, and the said 5001, per Annum to Sir Tho. Clarges, be struck out of the fame, and out of the Entry thereof in the Journal: And that the Computations of the said Account be thereupon also rectified.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the coparce-better dividing of Lands among Coparciners: And that nary Lands. Mr. Christie, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Fooley,

Mr.

A person (o attend.

Ways and Means.

Rebuilding

Warwick

Town.

Vetting Jute re i t of Judgments, *c.

Compelling the production of Sir f, Pindar.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Discovery of Embezzle-jnenti.

6 W. IIL i 8° — 19° — zi0 11

Mr. Waller. Sir William Whitlock, do prepare, and bring

in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Cros/cil do attend this House Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, relieved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the W ar against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, after the said Report is over, resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 19* Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

fXRDERED, T-'iat the ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Borough of Wanrick; and for determining of Differences touching Houses burnt or deinolished, by reason of the dreadful Eire which lately happened there; he read the Third time upon TueJ'day Morning next.

A Bill to vest the Interest of Judgments, and other Securities assigned, in the Assignees, "was read the First time.

Refolccd, That the Bill he read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Holj'ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to compel Eduard Williams Esquire to bring forth the Person of Sir Paul Pindar Baronet: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl'cngers withdrew.

The Bill was read the Eirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for the suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, in Cities, Boroughs,*and Corporations, he read the First time upon Thurjduy Morning next

they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House, with all convenient Speed.

A Petition of several Merchants and Traders of the Bank of City of London, on behalf of themselves, and others, was Enf>40 presented to the House:

And several of the Petitioners were called in to the Bar, and owned the fame:

And, being withdrawn;

The Petition wras read; setting forth, That, by an Act made the last Session of this Parliament, for granting to their Majestics a Duty upon the Tonage of Ships, SfC. and by virtue of their Majesties Letters Patents, in pursuance of the said Act; a Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England is established, to receive and manage the Sum of 1,200,000l.; which said Bank, as the same is, and may be managed, is ruinous and destructive to Trade in general, injurious to his Majesty s Revenues, prejudicial to the Lands and Manufactures of this Nation; and is only a private Advantage to the said Corporation.

Resolved, That this House will consider of the said Petition; and hear the Petitioners thereupon.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petitioners be heard upon Monday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers forte Y {

Tellers for tire Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Petitioners be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday Morning next: And that the Governor and Directors of the said Corporation have a Copy of the said Petition; and be likewise thereupon heard at the same time.

Resolved, That the adjourned Debate, upon the Free Pro-Amendment proposed to be made to the Bill touching ceedings in free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, be further Parliament, adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Supply Bill j ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Land Tax. mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty and Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Resolved, That this House will, upon tin's Day Seven- West-night, at Eleven a Clock, take into further Consideration Thorock the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition lnundation* of the Poor of Cobham College, and Proprietors of Lands now under Water, in West-Thorock in the County of Esses:, was referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Cros/eild attending, according to Order;

He w'as called in; and acquainted, That the House had taken notice of a printed Book delivered at the Door of the Lobby; by which he pretends, That he can make a Discovery of great Embezzlements of publick Monies:

And that the House was ready to hear what he had to oiler in relation thereunto.

Whereupon he acquainted the Iloule, That he had Proposals to make; and could produce several Persons the Decay of Trade is such, occasioned, as they conceive, to make out the Matter, if the House would put the same by the Exportation of Wool, and the many Abuses of into a Way of Examination upon Oath. the publick Market of that, unless feme

And then withdrew. speedy Care be taken therein, it will he the utter Ruin of

Ordered, That the said Mr. Cro/eild do attend the the poor Labourers in the Woollen Manufactures; many Commissioners for taking and Rating the publick Ac- Clothiers having been forced to lay down their Trades counts; and do lay before them his Proposals: And that already: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Vol. XI.

Luna:, 21° die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of diver3 Gentlemen and Clothiers of Preventing Reading and Newberi'y, in the County of Berks, Export of was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That

Compelling the production of Sir P. Pindar.

Ditto*

Church

Rates.

Buries on Paper,

Dying Trade, Sec.

21a

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the publick Market at Black; and for Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures in Payment of their Wages; is committed.

A Petition of Edward Williams El'quire was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That there is now depending in this House an ingossed Bill, from the Lords to compel the Petitioner to bring forth the Person of Sir Paul Pindar Baronet; whereby it is enacted, That the Petitioner shall produce Sir Paul to the Lord Keeper before the 15 Febr. 1694, or that the Petitioner shall be adjudged a Felon: To which Bill the Petitioner was not heard by the Lords: And praying to be heard by the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read a Second time.

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Refoked, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Clarges, Mr. Newport, Mr. FMr. Mr.

Chelwyn, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Dolben, Mr.

Mr. Gray, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.

Mr. Lloyd, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Jos. Sir

Wilf Lawson, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Christie, Sir Hugh Owen, Mr. ALitton, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Shackerly, Sir John

Kay, Mr. Sionehouse, Sir John Moreton, Sir Whitlock, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Price, Mr. Fuller, Mr. How, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Hazctry, Sir Cha. Kcymijk, Mr.

Cook, Sir Arth.Owen, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Pit, Mr. Pigot,

Mr. Jennings, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Mr. Ti/ncy, Mr. Culliford, Lord Mr. Burdct,

Mr. Boyle: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for the more effectual Raising and Recovery of Rates for Repairs of Churches was read a Second time.

Rcfokcd, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. BSir William Lemon, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Christie, Mr. Cook, Mr. Chase, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Wilmot, Sir Cha. Mr. Sir

Harry Hobart, Mr. Hawtry, Mr. Mansell, Mr.

Mr. Hobby, Mr. How, Mr. England, Sir John Barker, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Waller, Mr. Pollen, Sir Jerv.

Mr. Luttcrell, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Fenwick,

Sir John Kay. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Gee, Mr. Hunger ford , Mr. White: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Act passed the last Session, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, . Four Years, for carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; have Leave to fit in the Morning, before the Sitting of the House.

A Petition of the Dyers, Setters, Callenders, Tillet-painters, Prefi'ers, and Packers, living in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; foiling forth, That formerly Perpetuanas and Serges of all Sorts received their foil Manufacture here, before they were exported; whereby his Majesty's Customs for Indico, Madder, Logwood, and other Materials ul'ed in the Dyeing-Trade, is very considerable; and many Thousands ol People, depending on the said Artificers, received their w hole Livelihood: That, of late Years, Foreigners, and others, for their own private Gain, have exported the said

1694*

Commodities from hence white, to be finished beyond Seas; to the Ruin of feme Thousands of Families depending wholly upon that Employment; and the Dif-couragement of the Planters of English Woad, Would, Madder, and other Things used in the Dyeing-Trade: And praying, That the Exportation of Perpetuanas and Serges white, and not fully manufactured, may be prohibited, or feme Mulft or Increase of Custom may be laid thereupon, that the Dyeing-Trade may be encouraged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the grand Committee for Trade.

Ordered, That the said Committee do consider of the Duties upon all Dyers Wares.

Ordered, That the said Committee do also consider of the Book of Rates.

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House; and that such Members as shall not then attend, not having Leave to be absent, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight, Eleven a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order of the Day,

reported, from the Committee of the whole..... to

whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; W here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, for the Service of the Year 1695, there be applied the Sum of 300,000l. per Annum, for the Term of Five Years, out

of the Duties arising by virtue of the Act of Tonage and Poundage passed this Session of Parliament.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time

Refoked, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, for the Service of the Year 109.5, there be applied the Sum of 300,000 /. per Annum, for the Term of Five Years, out of the Duties arising by virtue of the Act of Tonage and Poundage passed this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in the lame.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

p

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made.a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refoked, That this lloule will, upon Friday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ol Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To-tnorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

a i° Januarii.

>9

Call of the House*

Ways and Means.

Committee*

Rebuilding

Warwick

Town.

Leave of Absence.

Abuts in Army Sub-fi lienee, money.

Encourage-

Uie;T. of Privateers.

Bank of England.

6 W. III.

23° — 230

213

Mortis, 22* die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Borough of Warwick; and for determining Differences that may arile by reason of the late Fire there; was read the Third time.

Several Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 10, to leave out " King and Queen's " Majesties," and insert " King's Majesty

Pr. 15. L. *, to leave out " their," and inlert " his And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be. An Act for rebuilding the Town of Warwick; and for determining Differences touching Houses burnt, or de-molished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there.

Ordered, That the Lord Digby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Long have Leave to go into the Countiy, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Sand ford have to go into

Country for a Month, his Wife being very ill.

The Inhabitants of Roystonattending upon their Petition, presented to the House upon the Twelfth Instant;

The were called in; and examined touching the Matters of their Petition.

And then withdrew.

Also the Lieutenant and Ensign of Captain Cartwright's, Company, attending according to Order, were called in; and heard touching the Complaints made against them.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Colonel Hastings, Major Mont all, and Agent Tracy Pauncefort, be summoned to attend this

House Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the said Lieutenant and Ensign do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Inhabitants of Royston be dismissed from their further Attendance.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

The Merchants and Traders of the City of and

also the Governor and Directors of the Corporation of the Bank of England, attending according to Order, were called in:

And the Petition being read;

Mr. Woodward, on the Petitioners Behalf, informed the House, That they had reduced their Reasons and Objections into Writing; and prayed they might read the same to the House.

Upon which the Petitioners, and the Governor and Directors of the Bank, withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the Petitioners be admitted to read their Reasons and Objections;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That none but Merchants and Traders be heard.

Then the Petitioners, and the Governor and Directors, were called in again.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the Petitioners with the said Resolutions.

Whereupon the Petitioners desired to be heard by their Counsel.

And then the Petitioners, and the Governor and Directors, withdrew.

Vo l. XI.

Afterwards the Petitioners, and the Governor and Directors, were called in again:

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the Petitioners, That the House did not think fit to hear them by Counsel; but were ready to hear the Petitioners, or any other Merchant or Trader that had not ligned the Petition.

Whereupon the Petitioners acquainted the House, That they were not prepared to discourse their Reasons and Obj eft ions, but humbly prayed a further Day.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

The Question being put, That a further Day be appointed to hear the Petitioners;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Ycas,{^: },07*

Tellers for the Noes,{^;FoM^ } l6*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Petition be dismissed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 23* die Januarii; Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A COMPLAINT being made to the House, That Privilege.

Thomas Exton, a menial Servant of the Lord Com-bnnj, a Member of this House, hath been arrested by Thomas Broad a Bailiff, at the Suit of Mr. Edward Lenevc, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Edward Broad be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Expiring next, at Eleven a Clock, take into further Consideration Laws-the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect and consider what Law's are lately expired, and expiring; and what are fit to be revived and continued.

The House according to the Order of the Day, pro- Abuses in ceeded in the Examination of the Matter of the Complaint Army Sul> of the Inhabitants of Royston: moneyt*

And Agent Tracy Pauncefort attending, according to Order;

He was called in and examined.

And then withdrew'.

The Lieutenant and Ensign of Captain Cartwright's Company w ere called in, together with the said Agent Pauncefort, and all examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, Neminecontradiccnte, That the Officers and

Soldiers of the Army demanding and exaftingSubsistence-money in their Quarters, or upon their March, is arbitrary and illegal, and a great Violation of the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, take into further Consideration the said Complaint of the Inhabitants of Royston.

Ordered, That Colonel Hastings, Major and the said Lieutenant, and Agent Pauncefort, do attend this House upon Alonday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the said Ensign be discharged from his further Attendance.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and stating Abuse* by the publick Accounts do, upon Friday Morning next, Regimental lay before this House their Observations of the Abuses, AfctnU* and ill Practices, committed by the several Agents of the Regiments of the Army.

31 Ordered,

2*4 23° — 24* — 2 5* Januarii A. 16-94.

Ordered, That the (aCommissioners do then also lay before this House the Names of Inch of the Agents of the Regiments of the Army, as have neglected to attend them upon their Summons.

Pauncefort's Ordered, That Agent do forthwith lay be-

Accounts. fore this House a particular Account of all the Monies received from the Earl of Ranelagh, and the Times of such Receipts, fmce the Twenty-eighth Day of last; and how he has paid or disposed of the said Money; and when, and to whom he paid the fame; and what remains in his Hands.

Elections — Ordered, That the Bill to diihble all Persons from voting incapa- in Elections of Members to l'erve in Parliament, who shall fons'refuiing re*ufo take the Oaths to the Government, be read a Oaths. Second time upon this Day Sevcnnight.

Tryals in Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of Lancashire, jate Proceedings and Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire be further adjourned until Morning next, Eleven

a Clock.

Ordered, That all such Persons as were ordered to attend this House this Day, touching the said Proceedings and Tryals, do attend this House again upon Tuesday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Supply Bill; whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four I-40*1 Tax. Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, is committed, do bring in a Clause of Loan to the said Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day resolved Ditto, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Free Pro- Resolved. That the adjourned Debate, upon the Amend-

ceedings m ment propostd to be made to the Bill touching free and Par lamen . impartjai Proceedings in Parliament, be further adjourned until Saturday Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 24' Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AMESS A G E from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Cosse rat's, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ac. Nat. naturalizing of Barnard , alias Mourte, and

Alexander Ringli, and others: And also,

Northleigh's Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Estate. Leases of the Lands of Henry Esquire, lately

deceased, for Payment of Debts, and providing a Maintenance for his Children: And also,

Pierce's A Bill, intituled, An Act for the vesting certain Lands

Estate. and Tenements, the Estate of George Gilbert Pierce, of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Monies, for the Payment of Debts:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Anri then the Messengers withdrew.

Leave of Ordered, That Colonel Berkly have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for Recovery of his Health, being very ill.

Mr.Hartcliffe Ordered, That Mr. John HartcUffe, One of the Pre-3ofh Jaru °B tends of Witidfor, be desired to preach before this House upon the Thirtieth of January instant, at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that Mr. Gerard and Mr. do acquaint him therewith.

and Pedlars. Bill for suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars in Cities,

a Boroughs, and Corporations, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

interel in Bid to veil the Interest of Judgments, and other Se-Judgments, cur>ties assigned, in the Assignees, was read a Second time: 4rc. ' And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Veneris, 25* die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for exempting Apothecaries from Exempting serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and Apothecaries other Parish and Ward Offices, was read the Third time. *'rom A Clause was offered, That it should not exempt *: offices'

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Purish and Ward Offices: and from serving upon Juries.

Ordered, That Mr. Price do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Chivers have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Oi'dered, That Mr. Hopton Windham have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented to Supply Bill; the House a Bill for the yearly applying the yearly Sum of issuing Three hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Duties aril- £‘t3"",00° ing by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, inti- Tonuge tuled, An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Duties. Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr, Foley, from the Commissioners for taking and flat- State of ing the publick Accounts, presented to the House, accord- Revenue, ing to Order, a State of the Incomes and Issues of the Revenue, from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas 1694:

And the Title thereof w'as read.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, that the Members of the House may peruse the lame.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways and solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committeei Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

6 W. & M.

26° Januarii.

*15

Sir shot/ias Littleton reported from the said Committee, he did not bring in his Accounts; all which he hath re-

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter fuled to do.

to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Abates by Mr. Harley, from the Commissioners for taking and Army fiating the publick Accounts, presented to the House, ac-

jigenu. cording to Order, their Observations of the Abuses, and

ill Practices, committed by the several Agents of the Regiments of the Army; and also the Names of such Agents of Regiments, as have neglected to attend them upon their Summons:

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, shortly after the firl't Confiitution of the said Commission, in the Year 1691, they found great Sums of Money to be issued, for the life of the Army, to Persons called Agents to Regiments, whereof many of them have Two, Three, or more Regiments, to the Number of Seven, Under their Charge; and thereupon directed Precepts to all those Persons to attend them, with their several Accounts; who were generally very backward, and unwilling, pretending themselves only accountable to the respective Colonels that employ them, to whom they had given Security.

Your Commissioners did then discover so many Abuses Jft their Practices, that they thought it their Duty to exhibit in Writing to this House, in the said Year;

‘ That the Agency to Regiments is a Thing lately brought into Practice; and many of the Agents, paying ( great Sums of Money for their Places, make their Profits by Deductions from the Soldiers: '

That the Commissioners have since issued out Precepts to all the Agents for the several Regiments; and find it very difficult to have any Accounts, or direct Answers to the Matters required of them: And, by reason of the Delays of most of them to exhibit perfect Accounts and Vouchers, the Commissioners have not been able thoroughly to examine all the Complaints now before them; but they humbly offer to the House some general Observations, and particular Instances, thereunto relating I And first, That the Subsistence of the English Army, being last Year above 1,200,000 /. the greatest Part thereof beside6 Money for Cloathing and Off-reckonings is under the Management and Disposition of Agents to the Army; who have declared themselves accountable to none,

Mr. William Wallis was Agent to Seven Regiments, and is now to Six; and it did appear to the Commissioners,

That, in the Accounts which he had delivered upon Oath, he had charged Colonel LyttereWs, Regiment, for Cloathing, with much more than he paid the Tradesmen for the fame:

And several Tradesmen, who received Money from him, being examined upon Oath, did testify That Mr. Wallis did deduct from them, from One Shilling to 2 s. 6d. in the Pound; and that he had set down to the Regiment about double the Sum by him paid, in Sixteen several Bills; the Originals whereof are ready to be produced; and also a Voucher, altered, by his own Hand, from‘8) /. i8i. 0 to 181 /. 18 s.od.:

That there are also other Charges against the said Wallis, for Over-reckoning above 1,000 /. to that Regiment and another, for Recruits; but he hath refused positively to anfu er to that and other Complaints.

Ordered, That the said Observations be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committe*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sahbati, 26' die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Agent William Wallis, and Agent Persons t* Richard Roberts, be summoned to attend this House, attend, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That this House may proceed upon the in- Proceedings grofled Bills, from the Lords, alter Ten a Clock in the °n P,!Jls Morning, if they have Time.

Ordered, That Mr. JVard have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

from Lords.

Leave of Absence.

A Bill for the better Discovery of Bankrupts was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Christie, Sir Cooper, Sir 7 Vernon, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Colt, Mr. Foley, Sir Walter Yong, Mr. Mr.

Bouyer, Sir Ashurst, Mr. Sir Fra.

but their respective Colonels, for the Disposition of the said Lord Cornbury, Mr. Clark, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr.

Money: Lloyd, Sir Wm. Mr. Lutterell, Sir Ra. Dutton,

That several Complaints have been made to the Com- Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Bale, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. missioners, that the Agents have kept Money in their Lowther, Mr. Morris, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Pigot, Sir Fra.

Estates, Bankrupts Etta tea.

Hands, when the same hath been due to both the Soldiers for their Pay, and for Debts in their Quarters; which hath oocafioned several Injuries and Abuses so the Subjects of t'nefe Nations:

That leseral Agents keep back great Sums of Money from the private Soldiers for Agency, and have also great Gratuities from inferior Officers, under Pretence of advancing Money to them, when, many times, it hath been the publick Money iu their Hands payable to them, and their Regiments:

Massam, Mr. Machell, Mr. Neale, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr.

Nenport, Mr. Slater, Mr. Waller, Mr. England, Mr.

Wilmot, Mr. Serjeant Blinco, Mr. Fuller: And they are to meet upon Monday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for supplying the yearly Sum of Three hundred Supply Bill; thousand Pounds, out of the Duties arising by an Act of ‘J.iuing this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for fuY^ori<or^ granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poun- age Duties.

That they stop Poundage out of Money paid to Trades- dage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchan-

men, fometiuies one Shilling, 2 s. Half a Crown, and more, in the Pound; though the Soldiers also allow Discount, Or Lois on Tallies:

That several of the Agents are Undertakers for Cloathing; wherebyexceflive Gain is made; and the Regiments brought much in Debt, the Charge being thereby augmented beyond w hat the Off-reckonings will satisfy.

Besides the general Backwardness of the Agents to account, Mr. Richard Roberts, Agent to Three Regiments,

dizes exported and imported, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, is committed: And that the said Committee have has had many Precepts to make up his Accounts, ever Power, if they think fit, to add the same to the said Bill since the Year 1691; and had also, not long since, Sum- for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shilling/ in mons to attend the Commissioners, and shew Caul'e why the Pound, and so make both the said Bills one.

Vox- XI. Ordered,

Duty on Lapis Cali-minaris.

Ludgerfall

Eledioa.

West-

Thorock

Inundation*

Encouragement of Privateers.

Free Proceedings in Parliaments

Committees.

Cofierat's, 4c* Nat.

216

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Trade do consider of the Duty upon Lapis; and report their Opinion therein to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Neale the younger was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Ludgersall, in the County of Wilts, in the

room of John Dean Esquire, the Petitioner was duly ele61ed; but that Edward Ea, the younger. Bailiff of the said Borough, as he declared, Right or wrong that he would return John Webb Esquire, as he did: And praying to be heard herein.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House proceeded, according to the Order of the Day, to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Poor of Cobharn College, and the Proprietors of Lands now under Water, in West-Thorock, in the County of Essex, was referred:

And the said Report was again read.

Resolved, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee: And that the Committee do summon before them, and hear, the Commissioners of Sewers, and the City of London, and Inhabitants of the County of Essex, and the said Proprietors; and report their Opinion thereupon to the House: And that they do meet upon Monday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And that all the Members that serve for the County of Surry, and Borough of Southwark, be added to the said Committee.

A 1694.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Northleigh'* to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Lands of Hairy Eilat*. Northleigh Esquire, lately deceased, for Payment of Debts, and providing a Maintenance for his Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the A fit, made the Tonagt last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Duiie*. Ships, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of Southampton, and the Town oiPortsmouth, and to the Coasting-Trade upon Wales, Cornwall, and Devonshire, and upon the Seveme, and the Counties of Essex and Suffolk, be referred to the Committee to whom it is referred to consider of the Afit for granting to their Majesties several Duties uponVellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, for carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; and to report the Matter to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor of Leverpoole, in Custody of Privilege — . the Serjeant at Arms, was presented to the House, and a person peti-read; by which he acknowleged his Crime, and begged "*,or Pardon of the House for the fame; and prayed to be c£uirKe' discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred toinfpefit Precedents, what Censures have been in-flifited upon Officers for making false Returns; and to report the same to the House; do speed their Report: And have Power to fit de die in diem.

26° — a8° Januarii,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Amendment proposed to be made to the Bill touching free and impartial Proceed-

ings in Parliament:

And the Question being put, That the Word " Heirs" do stand in the Bill j The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tdlers for '

Teller, for the Noesj^ oT'Exchequer:} *4' So it pa(fed in the Negative.

And feme Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telters for the Yeas,{j£

Tellers for the Noes,|^£

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

140.

125.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 28° die;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing of Bernard Cosserat, alias Mourte, and Alexander Ringli, and others, was read the First time.

A Petition of the Trustees of the Will of John Mar- Christchurch shall, deceased, and of the Churchwardens, Overseers of Miufter'* the Poor, and several Inhabitants, of the Parish of Nlalnle'

church in the County of Surrey was presented to the naac*' House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1670, the said John Marshall did, by his Will, bequeath 700 I. to erefit a Church in feme convenient Place within the Parish of St. Saviours Southwark; and 40/. per Ann. and a Dwelling-house, for a Minister, to perform Divine Service; and desired the said Church might be called Christchurch, and made a Parish separate from St. Saviours; to be confirmed by Afit of Parliament: And, in 1670, it was accordingly enafited; and that the Trustees might expend 4001, above the said 700 /. to complete the said Church; which said 400l. did but build and finish the Church, without a Steeple: That the said new Parish, when belonging to St.Saviour's, was above Three Parts in Land unbuilt, which is now built upon in Tenements, which yield no Tythes: That the Parishioners have no Powrer to make any Rates on the Inhabitants, for the Support of their Parson: And that there is not a sufficient Maintenance for a good and able Minister to officiate there: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish to make Rates for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister for the said Parish; and for impowering the said Trustees to employ Monies for the erefiting a Steeple, and furnishing the same with Bells.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of divers Merchants trading to Por- importing

tugall, and Italy, was presented to the House, and read; Portugal setting forth, That, by the Afit of Navigation, Wines, and 'Vines‘ other Commodities, are to be imported into England, in English and English-built Shipping, the Master and Three-

fourths of the Mariners to be English; or else in Ships of the Built of the Country whereof the Goods are the Growth; and manned with the People thereof: That the Petitioners, for the Encouragement of English Ships, have since the War imported great Quantities of Merchandizes in English Ships, though manned with the Men of that Country of which the Goods were the Growth; for which 24 Aliens

6 W. III.

28° — 290 Januarii. 217

Aliens Duty hath been paid, as if the Ships had been foreign-built: and the Petitioners thought themselveswithin the Meaning of the said A fit: But some Persons, upon a doubtful Acceptation of the said Act, have vexatiously prosecuted the Petitioners for the Value of the said Goods, as forfeited: And praying the Consideration of the House and Relief therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayerof the said Petition: And that Mr.

Papilhondo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Trvals for A Aleflage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Won. Mr. Pit:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High-Treason, and Misprision of Treufon, with lbme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Aleflengers withdrew.

Ditto. Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

ing next, take the said Amendments into Consideration.

Person* to Ordered, That Air. Thomas Mosse, Mr. James Green, tutnd. Mr. John Goulding, Mr. Gilbert Lancaster, Mr. Tho.

Ridley, and Captain Crooke, do attend this House Tomorrow Alorning.

Call of the Rejoiced, That the Call of the House be further ad-House. journed until this Day Sevennight: And that this House will then take into Consideration the Neglect of the several Members of this Iioul'c that are in Town, and do not attend the daily Service of the House.

Abuses by The House proceeded, according to the Order of the >nnyAfcenti. Day, to take into further Consideration the Complaint made by the Inhabitants of Royslon; and allb the Observations of the Commissioners for taking and ltating the publick Accounts, of the Abuses, and ill Practices, committed by the several Agents of the Regiments of the Army.

And Agent Tracy Pauncefort, attending according to Order, was called in: And presented to the House his Accounts of the Monies received of the Earl of since the 28th Day of Mlaft; and how he hath paid the fame; and when, and to whom; and what remained in his Hands: And was examined thereupon.

And then withdrew.

Also the said Agent, and Lieutenant Turner, were called In together; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Also Colonel Hastings, and Alajor Mont all, attending according to Order, were called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Agent Richard Roberts, attending according to Order, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Richard Roberts, Agent to Colonel Langston's and Colonel Englesby's Regiments, for contemptuously neglecting and refuting to attend the Commissioners for taking and Hating the publick Accounts, upon their Precepts and Summons, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Colonel Hastings and Alajor Mon tall be discharged from their Attendance until further Order.

Agent William Wallis attending according to Order; he was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Agent William Wall'is be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Agent Tracy Pauncefort, for neglecting to pay the Subsistence-AIoney to the Officers and Soldiers that quartered at Royston, having Alonics in his Hands to do the fame, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Aims attending this House.

Vo l. XI.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Complaint of the Inhabitants of Royston, and of the Observations made by the Commissioners for taking and ltating the publick Accounts touching the Abuses, and ill Practices, committed by the Agents of the Regiments of the Army, be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Colonel Hastings, Alajor and

Lieutenant Turner, do attend this House again upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning Supply Rill; at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the "^ax' whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

J lartis,29* die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

J-JERMAN Frederick Dorrien, George Stehn, Jacob Herd, ell, and Henry Erichs, took die Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Norrcsand Air. be added privileg* —

to the Committee, to whom it is referred to inspect Pre- Censures cedents, what Confures have been inflicted upon Officers uPf,n for making false Returns. Returns.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the veiling certain Lands and Tenements, the Eftute u of George Gilbert Pierce of the Middle-Temple, London,

Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Alonies for die Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Christie reported from the Committee, to whom Debts against

it was referred to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the Minors, better Recovery of Debts against Heirs under Age, That they hud prepared a Bill accordingly; which they had directed him to present to the House: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

A Petition of Jacob Broad, in Custody of the Serjeant Privilege — at Arms, was presented to the House, and read: by which a. P*r,on pe1* he acknowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the same; and prayed to be diiinifi'ed out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Jacob Broad be brought to the Bar upon ThursdayAlorning next, in order to his Discharge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill . Suppressionof the more eft'cftual lupprefling of profane Curling and Curling and Swearing: And that Mr. Bcacycrand Mr. Christie do Swearing, prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the late Tryals in Proceedings and Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire be Lancashire, adjourned until Tuesday Morning next *c'

Ordered, That all such Persons as were ordered or summoned to attend this House this Day, touching the said Proceeding and Tryals, do attend this House again upon Tuesday Alorning next.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and stating Into Arrear*. the publick Accounts do, upon Friday Morning next, lay before this House a State of the Irish Arrears due to the Army; and how far the same have been paid; and what remains unpaid.

3 K A Petition

2l8

Preventing A Petition of divers Merchants, Woollendrapers, Export of Packers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manu-N\ool, fcc. fafitures, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House; and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the publick Market at;

and for Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages; which Bill is committed; and is opposed by private Interest: That the Petitioners are fully l'atisfied the said Bill will be of great Service to the Nation, not only in relieving the Poor from a great Oppression, but also in giving an equal Advantage to all Buyers of Cloth, that come to the said publick Market: And praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law, in such manner as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed, be made.

A. 1694;

Ashley, Sir Tho. Roberts, Colonel Am ten, Mr. Rider, Sir Edward Aiskcough, Mr. Hedger, Sir J Mr. Pen-

darvis, Mr. Fuller, Mr, Jennings, Mr. Mr.

Kendall, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Mr.

England, Mr. JVilmot, Sir Janas Mr. Bertie, Sir

Win. York; and all the Members that serve for the Sea-Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and to lit de die in diem.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Efioft* veil certain Lands and Tenements, late of John , of Kitaw. Etton in the County of York Esquire, in Truliees to be loid for Payment of the Debts of the said John and railing Portions for his Daughters: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

29®- — 31° Januarii.

Expiring Resolved, That the Consideration of the Report front Laws. the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect what

Laws are lately expired, and expiring, be further adjourned until Tomorrow Sevennight.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Land Tax. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

fider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour; and to whom the Bill for applying the yearly Sum of 300,000l. out of the Duties arising by an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties aSubfidyof Tonagcand Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, lor carrying on the War against France with Vigour, was committed; and, if they thought fit, to add the same to the said Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Found; and to make both the said Bills one.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the several Bills to them committed; and had united, and made both the said Bills one; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday Morning ne'xt.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 31° die Januarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Tonage "DESOLVED, That a Committee be appointed to con-

Duties. fider of the Act, passed the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of Southampton, and the Town of Portsmouth, and to all the Coasting-Trade; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; and to report the Matter thereof to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Ralph Carr, Sir Jonathan Jennings, Colonel Rolls, Mr. Campion, Mr. Clark, Mr. Ltnetker, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Bolles, Sir Jof.

Mr. Bloxrfield, Mr. Ha Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bicker staff. Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Colt, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Botiyer, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Onslow,

Air. Christie, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Morris, Mr. Lutterell, Alajor Vincent, Mr. Waller, Sir Jacob

16

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Examina* Hackney tion and Consideration of the Petition of Thomas Kemp, t om'

and others, of the ancient 400 licensed Hackney Coach- IDlffiouer‘-men was referred, have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning, before the Sitting of the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tayler have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Four Days only, upon extraordinary Ab ence.

Occasions.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Hart-Air. Hartcliffe, for the Sermon by him preached Yester- cliflethanked,

day, at St. Margaret's, Westminster :And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Air. Hunt, and Air. Hungerjorddo acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Air. Applcyard have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence. -m

An ingrossed, Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Northleigh's to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Lands of Henry Liwte.

Northlcigh Esquire, lately dccealbd, for Payment of his Debts, and providing a Afaintenance for his Children was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted, to Colonel Rolls,

Sir Richard Hart, Mr. Hunt, Mr. HoAir. Sir Wm.Cook, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Vincent,

Air. Blofield, Mr. Pridcaax, Mr. England, Sir Walter Yong, Colonel Perry, Mr. Carey, Mr. Air.

Staivell, Sir John Kay, Mr. Luttercll, Mr. Bale, Mr. Cook, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Hawtry, Sir John Air.

Waller, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Lowlher;and all the Alembers

that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the

Speaker's Chambers; And it is to be an Inl'trii&ion to

the said Committee, That they do examine into the Debts

of the said Mr. Northleigh; and report the same to the f

House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Recovering more ealy Recovery of small Tythes: And that Mr. Bick- ^mal1 Tytlie*. erstaff do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Lawstnnch-of all the Laws in being touching Robberies upon the ing R1>-Highw'ays; and of Hues and Cries, and how to make "e"es* the same more effectual; and to report their Opinion therein to the House: y,;r

And it is referred to Sir John Gaife, Mr. St V[, c 5

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Brewer, Sir Wm./Vegan, Mr. Onslow, Sir Richard Hart, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Pi-got, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Culliford, Colonel Perry, Sir Barker, Sir C'ha.Bloys, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Freeman, Air.

Winington, Mr. Foley, Mr. Luttercll, Serjeant Blinco,

Air. Waller, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. HowSir Tho. non, Mr. Cook, Sir John Cot Ion, Mr. Christie, Sir Cha.

Keymishy

r

6 W. III.

31° Januarii. — ib Fehruam.

219

1.1 t.

Privilege — a person reprimanded and discharged.

Members

l'rottclions.

Keymish, Mr. Blofield, Sir Jen Elwcs: And they are to

ftiect this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Leave to fit in a Morning, before the Sitting of the House.'

Jacob Broad was, according to Order, brought to the Tar: Where, upon his Knees, he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Jacob Broad be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Resolved and Declared, That all written Protections, given Tv any Members of this House, are void, and against the Handing Order of the House.

!T

('b.

/*.

Complaint Resolved, That no Persons shall be taken into Custody on Breach of upon Complaint of any Breach of Privilege of this House, Friulege. before the Matter be first examined.

Resolved and Declared, That the said Order is not to extend to any Breach of Privilege upon the Person of any Member of this House.

Privilege Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Sni'uatllw* 110VV Privileges of the Members of this House, in re-

lation to Suits in Law and Equity, may be regulated; and to report their Opinion therein to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Clarke, Sir Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Chr. Mr. Mr.

Boscorren, Mr. Boyle, Sir 7 ho. Dyke, Mr. Benin.'ll. Sir John Thompson, Sir Cha. Sid/cy, Lord Rand Sir Jos. Heme, Mr. Jeff ryes, Mr, Lutterell, Mr. Mr.

Foley, Mr. Cook, Mr. Lire (her, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir John Guise, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Palmes, Sir Mr. Christie, Mr. Hedger, Sir Fra. Air. Jit

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Norrcs, Sir And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ways and titans.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed hirn to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejbloed, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.'

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1* die Februarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Sir JVm. Forester, Mr.

Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Clarke, Sir Orlando Gee, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Serjeant Blinco, Mr. Cranford, Sir Tho. Littleton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Hackney Coachmen is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements, late of John of Etton in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of the said John You XI.

Hackney Coach Com-Juissioners.

liftoffs

Estate.

and raising Portions for his Daughters, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act pejrce'< for the vesting certain Lands and Tenements, the Efpi'fe EUaw; of George Gilbert Peirce, of the Middle Temple, London,

Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Monies for the Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. England,

Air. Christie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Vincent, Sir Rich. Hart,

Sir Tho.Littleton, Sir hi m. Cook, Mr. Pollen, Sir

Guibon, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Blofield, Sir Bolls, Air.

Huxvtry, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Fra. Jlassam, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Brewer, Lord Digby, Mr.

Mawdit, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Cheyney, Mr. Mn

Price, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Hungerford 'Slr.Burdet, Air.

Harcourt, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bockland,

Sir IVm.Whitlock, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Etterick, Air.

Fenwick, Mr. Harley, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. May, Air.

Foley; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn1 Encourage-; ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com* went of mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Pr‘vateer*i better Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Com- Abuses by plaint of the Inhabitants of Royston; and of the Observa- Army tions made by the Commissioners for taking and stating Agents* the publick Accounts; of the Abuses, and ill Practices, of the Agents of the Regiments of the Army; be further adjourned until Thursday Alorning next.

Ordered, That all such Persons as were ordered to attend this House this Day, touching the said Complaint, do attend this House again upon Thursday Alorning next.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Butler have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Week only, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

The Order of the Day for the Report to be made from g , BiJj the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Land Ta*. 3 granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour; and also the Bill for applying the yearly Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Duties arising by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Aloncy payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, for carrying on foe War against France with Vigour; were committed; being read;

Sir Thomas Littleton reported the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bills; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at foe Clerk's Table:

Where foe same were once read throughout; and then several of them were read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That foe further Consideration of foe laid Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Cottmitte*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

T

220

2* — 40 Februarii.

A. 1694.

Sabbati, 2* Februarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Privilege in /ORDERED, That the Committee appointed to relation to consider how the Privileges of the Members of this

uit* at Law. House, in relation to Suits in Law and Equity, may be regulated and limited, have Leave to lit in a Morning, before the Sitting of the House.

Thames

Locks and Weirs.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration erf the Petition of divers Freeholders, Barge-masters, and other Inhabitants, within the several Counties of Gloucester, Oxford, Berks, and Bucks, is referred, have Leave to lit in a Morning before the Sitting of this House.

East-Grinfled Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing

a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East-Grinsted in the County of Sussex, in the room of Simon Smith Esquire, deceased.

Preventing Export of Wool.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the publick Market at Blackwell-hall; and for Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages; is committed; have Leave to lit in a Morning, before the Sitting of the House.

Election* — Ordered, That the Bill to disable all Persons from

iucapaci- voting in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, reiufii.g* 008 wh° shall refuse to take the Oaths to the Government, be Oaths. read the First time upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Clause B, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner unless he pay, in his own Right, within the Place for which he acts as a Commissioner, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree-with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The -Residue of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Explanation of the Oath taken by the Officers of the Cultoni-house, That it shall not extend to any Reward given voluntarily to any subordinate Officer for Service done at Times and Places not required by Law:

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put. That it be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered allb, for the Explanation of the said Oath:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered for the enlarging the Time for the said Officers to take the Oaths:

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being proposed. That the said Clause be read a Second time;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

R foiled. That the Debate be adjourned till Morning next, Eleven a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Tryalg for Treason.

Supply Bill; Laud Tax.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

The House proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majestyan Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for OneYear, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour; and allb the Bill for applying the yearly Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Duties arising by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour; were committed.

And several other of the Amendments made by the Committee were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Amendment, Fo. 40. L. 17, being read a Second time, to insert " his Majesty, his;"

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting between Majesty" and " his" the Word " and, " in order to a further Amendment, relating to the Word Heirs:

And the Question being put, That the Word be inserted.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for die Yeas, jg 7- ^Dykef'

Tellers for the Noes, Morda

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the Amendment of the Committee

Luna, 4* die Februarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An EAofVk Act 10 vest certain Lands and Tenements, late of John Estoft, of Etton in the County of York, Esquire, in d raftees, to be sold, towards Payment of the Debts of the said John Estoft, and railing Portions for his Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gee,

Mr. Hungerford, Mr. IValkr, Mr. Flemming, Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Hen. Gough, Serjeant,

Mr. Lutterell, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Hazelry, Mr. Brewer,

Sir Fra. Guibon, Mr. Done, Mr. rd, Mr.

Mr. Christie, Mr. How, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Gerrard, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Morgan, Sir John

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. TMr.

Mr. Tan kred, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Mr. Slater,

Mr. Hedger, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Blofield, Mr.

Sir Ra. Dutton; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Je

IS

» I

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committee*

" and"

1148.

} *69.

was.

Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountagw, Lord Conningsby, Lord Compelling Ranelagh, be added to the Committee, to whom the in- the pi-oiiuc-grossed Bill from the Lords, to compel Edw. Williams sir P* Esquire to bring forth the Person of Sir Paul Pindar dt' Baronet is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. , Mr. Hackney

Burdet, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Bromley, Sir Hen, c'oto* Goff, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Hawtry, Sir JVCooke, be added lullijQner* to the Committee, to whom the Examination and Cou-sideration of the Petition of the Hackney Coachmen is referred.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, touching free and Free Pro-impartial Proceedings in Parliament, be read the Third «edings in time upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock. Parliament;

Resck ed,

J

Ways and ktaiui.

C<U1 of the iJoufe.

6 W. III. 4° — j°

331

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ins: next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned until Thursday Morning next, Eleven a Clock: And that all such Members as thall not then attend, not having Leave to be absent, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, according to the former Orders.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, I?'/ W

IMr. Arnold:

Tellers for the Noes,^fr CThf ?T'

[Sir John Barke?':

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

i>5.

114-

EV&ions — Ordered, That the Bill to disable all Persons from '"'1'erions *n Blessions of Members to serve in Parliament,

rtfufing009 "^0 shall refuse to take the Oaths to the Government, be Oaths. read the Second time Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Hawkers and Ordered, That the Bill for suppressing of Hdwkers dnd Pedlars. Pedlars in Cities, Boroughs, and Corporations, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Writ of Error A Motion being made for the Direction of the House,

wherein a U!ake out a Writ of Error, in a same wherein a Metn-

eoncerned! her of this House is concerned, in Interest and in Post'ession, upon a Judgment at Law;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the fame; and to report the Matter of Fast to the House.

Supply Rill; The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Saturday kud Tax. la ft, touching the reading a Second time the Clause presented to the House to be added to the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for accounting for Profits on Bank- Bills:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Commissioners of the Admiralty to account for Cruiling Ships:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Martis, 5* die Februarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii;

Prayers.

cj{OHN Reinhold Brandt* and John Wameke, took the «/ Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortngiht only, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Roberts have Leave to go into the Country, for a Week only* upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to Christ-the House a Bill for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish Church of Christ-Church, in the County of Surrey, to make Rates

for Raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister; and for impowering the Trustees of Mr. Marshals Will to employ Monies for erecting a Steeple to the said Church, and furnishing the same with Bells s And the same was receivedi

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Riihop's-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for elect- Castle Wnt* inrr a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bishops-Castle, in the County of Salop, in the

room of William Oakley Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Borwyer, according to Order, presented to the Suppression House a Bill for the more effectual suppressing profane Swearing and Cursing: And the same was received. " wear'

The llill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, for a Penalty to be infiifted upon such Officers of the Customs as shall demand more than what shall be voluntarily given them, as a Reward for Services, done at extraordinary Times and Places, not required by Law; and for explaining the Oath taken by the said Officers;

And the same was once read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the same was read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be 'made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Fo. 40. L. 17, after " Successors," to inlert " to the " Crown of England, according to the Limitation and " Succession thereof specified and contained in an Act, " passed in the Tirlt Year of King William and Queen " Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Libertie.s of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the " Crown."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, to leave out the Oath for the Assessors.

And the Question being put. That the said Oath do stand Part of the Bill;

Vo l.XI.

Mr. Papillon, according to Order, presented to the importing House a Bill for the importing WTines, and other Goods, Portugal from Spaine, Portugal, and Italy, of the Growth of those Wines* Countries, in English and ifygVM-built Ships, manned with Seamen of "those Countries: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the First time upon Friday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Gott have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for a Week only, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Isle of Wight was Tonage presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Puu*s. under Colour of some Words in a late Act, for granting several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships and Vessels, the Officers of the Customs do compel the Matters of the Passage-Boats, and Hoys, of the said Island, to pay Sixpence per Ton for the full Burden of their Vessels, for the smallelt Parcels of Goods brought from London, or other Parts, by Waggons, or otherwise, to Southampton, Portsmouth, or other Parts of the County, for the said Island, which is in the same Port; and lb likewise for Commodities the Product of the said Island, which are conveyed for Markets to Southampton and Portsmouth: Which is very grievous to the Inhabitants of the said Island; and

3 L ad

r 15 in ilie Journal. But it appears in the Minute that the Number was 114

Tonage

Duties.

Preventing

Export of M oul# &c.

Kerridge's

Ellare.

Tryals hi

Lancalhirej

&c.

222

6° Februarii.

A. 1694.

as they conceive, contrary to the Meaning of the said Act: And praying Belief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the said Act, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of and Town

of Portsmouth, and to all the Coasting-Trade; and of the Doubts and Complaints.....thereunto.

And that Mr. Colt, Mr. Moreland, Mr. Morgan, Sir Win. Stevens, Mr. Mansell, Colonel , Mr.

trick, Mr. ArnoUl, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Sir John

Ordered, That John FaireclougPorter at the Castle.

Inn in Wood-street, do attend this House immediately.

Oliver Peirson, attending, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Eduard Brown, attending according to Order, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Miles Law, attending, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Standish, of Standish-in the County of

Knight, Mr. Luttercll, Mr. Cook, Mr. Bale, be added to Lancaster, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms

the said Committee.

A Petition of the Watermen, Boatmen, and Bargemen, and other Inhabitants, who belong to the River Wye, in' the Counties of Monmouth and Gloucester, that only trade between the City of Bristoll and Town of

Monmouth ,on behalf of themselves, and several others, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have, as they conceive, been very much injured by the Officers of the Customs, by reason of the doubtful Conftmftion of a late Act for laying several Duties upon Tonage of Ships and Vessels; for that they compel the Petitioners to pay the full Tonage of their finali Market-Boats, and Troughs, in which the Petitioners use to carry lbmetimes Corn, Fagots, empty Calks, and sometimes but a Ton or Two of Commodities; when, perhaps, the Boat may contain 10 or 20 Tons: By which strict Usage, the Petitioners are almost mined; and the Trade of the Town of Monmouth, and other Villages bordering on the River Wye, very much damnified: And praying the Consideration of the Iloule, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee appointed to confirlcr of the said Act, as it relates to the Is of Wight, and Town and County o i Souand Tow n

of Portsmouth; and to all the Coalting Trade; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

I 83.

attending this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the If Borough.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Oliver Peirson do attend th

Lord Chief Justice of the Kings-Beuch, in order to his being examined upon Oath.

The said John Fairclough, attending according to Order,

was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will now proceed in thei reading the Informations and Papers delivered, in to the House by Mr. Aaron Smith.

And Part of the Information of Mr. Lunt was read.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, proceed in the reading the said Informations and.

Papers.

Ordered, That the Bill to disable all Persons from EMiens — . voting in Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament, iac.:i>acit :t-who shall refute to take the Oaths to the Government, be read the Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of the President and Governors of Christ's Hospital, London, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the public Market at Band for the Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages: Which Bill, if it should pals, the Petitioners conceive, will be very prejudicial both to the said Hospital, and St. Bartholomew's Hospital: And praying to he heard as to such Part of the said Bill as concerns the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Kerridge Esquire, a Minor, to purchase

Ordered, That all the Persons who were this Day examined, touching the said Proceedings and Trvais in Lancashire and Cheshire, be discharged from their further Attendance.

Oath*.

Trvais in

l.anraii.ire,

\c.

Ordered, That all Committees, except such as are by Committees, Adjournment to fit lo-morrow Morning, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Februarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the - Compelling grolTed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to (.!ie P,(0;,uc* compel Edward Williams Esquire to bring forth the Per-lb n of Sir Paul Pindar Baronet, is committed, have Liberty to fit in a Morning before the Sitting of the House: And that they fit Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act G>fferat's, divers Manors, Lands, and Tenements, that lie adjacent for Naturalizing of Bernard alias and Ac' NhU

to his Eli ate in the County of Sufo/ke:To which they Alexander and otiiers, was read the Second time.

desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded in the further Examination and Consideration of the late Proceedings and Tryals in Lancashire and Cheshire.:

And Mr, Thomas Mosse, Mr. James Green, Mr. John Colliding, Mr. Gilbert Lancaster, Mr. Tho. Ridley, and

Captain Croix, attending according to Order, were feve- Mr. Mr. Palms, Mr. Buckley, Mr.

rally called in; and examined. Morris, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Jonath. Jennings, Mr.

And then withdrew, h«ugh, J/oreton, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Burdet,

Sir

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Edward Ayscough, Mr. Lmther, Mr. Bale, Mr. Bouyer,

Mr. Pupham, Mr. Ryder, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Stone-house, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Gee, Mr. Christie, Mr. Clarke, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir John Bolls, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. ATorresMr. Waller, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Mr. Freeman, Sir Chr.Grecnfield, Mr. Luttercll, Mr.

Sir IVm. Honey-wood, Colonel Titus, Sir Jos.

6 W. III. 60 Februarii. 223

Sir F/yt. Guibon, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Spcake, Mr. Cooke, Mr. England* Mr. Kendal, Mr. Lampion: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

PriviVg* in Ordered\ That Mr. Botn/er, Mr. How, Mr. Frekc, Sir

reUuon to Robert Eden, Mr. Colt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowlher, Mr. &muat aw. Mr. Jtfatcdit, Sir Fra. Lhvtke, Sir Edward

Hussey, Mr. Waller, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Spcake, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Stockda/e, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider how the Privileges of the Members of this House, in relation to Suits in Law and Equity, may be regulated.

Cta&n. Sir John Lawther, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House an Account of Cruisers, according to AS: of Parliament, signed by the said Com-snifiioners.

The Title whereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Pefufal to Mr. Brerrcr acquainted the House, from the Com-

Btioiui the mittee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the

Committee PeM°n °* Thomas Kemp and others, of the ancient Four hundred Hackney Coachmen, was committed. That one Thomas Fitz-Harris hath been several times summoned to attend the said Committee, hut did not attend.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Fitz-Harris be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for contemptuously neglecting to attend the said Committee.

Privilest — Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee appointed

Celias lor f0 jnspect Precedents of what Censures have been inflicted iieiurus. upon Officers, for making false Returns of Members to serve in Parliament; and to report the same to the House; That they had learched several Journals; and had directed him to report to the House the same between Sir Thomas Savile and Mr. Hoyle, touching an Election for York, 4° Car. I.: Which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Journal, N° 4. 290 Apr. £ Car. I.

Mr. Haclrwell reported, from the Committee of Privileges, the same concerning the Sheriffs and Aldermen, font for from York.

Sheriff Thompson censured; iff, For precipitating to Sentence for Sir Thom. Savilfs Election, purposely to put out Mr. Hoyle: zdly, The Reiufal of the Poll demanded by Mr. Hoyle. He acquainted not his Fellow Sheriff with it: Pronounced it within a Quarter of an Hour after the Reading of the Writ: Was admonished not to do it, while doing it: Answered, He would do it and justify it. His Excuses holden idle: His Behaviour at the Committee very full of Offence. A Message to him, That he should be laved harmlels.

Alderman Hemficorth charged with undue Preparations; couventing several Companies, to the end, as it had been for the Iiuliness of the City; there read Sir Thom. SaviU's Letter to them: Solicitations for Sir Tho. Savill, both publick and private: Said, He was persuaded the Parliament would not hold, and then they knew Sir John Savill's Power; alluring them, they should be saved harmless, in choosing Sir Tho. Savill: Persuaded Atkins to conceal, that he had Assurance, to save the Electors of

Sir Thomas Savill harmlels: Unduly procured Hands to confirm Sir Thomas Savill's Election, and reviled honed Men for not subscribing it

Alderman Cooper and Sheriff Atkins to be discharged, paying their Fees, per the Opinion of the Committee.

Upon the Question, Cooper to be discharged, paying ins Fees, without further Censure.

Upon the Question, Sheriff' Atkins to be discharged, pavh his Fees, without further Censure.

Upon the Question, Sheriff Thompson and Alderman Vol. XL

Hemsworth to be re-committed to the Serjeant at Arms, during the Pleasure of the House; and not to be discharged, till they have made Submission and Acknow-legement, at the Bar of the House, of their Offence, upon their Knees.

And not to be discharged before they have paid their Fees.

Upon tho Question, Mr. Thompson and Mr. IJemf worth, now censured for their Mifderneanor about the Election, to pay the Charges of the Witnesses, which came up about the Election; and not to be discharged till they have paid.

Upon the Question, Four Members were appointed to tax the Charges, and to return the same to the House.

30 Apr. 40 Car. I.

Sir P. Hayman reported from the Committee for Examination of t he Charges of the Witnesses from York, That they have abated from 40/. and odd, to 2oi.

Sheriff Thompson and Alderman Hemficorth called in; and, kneeling at the Bar, their Judgment, as ordered upon the Questions, pronounced unto them by Mr. Speaker.

2d May, 4 Car. I.

Alderman Hemfaorth and Sheriff Thompson, having paid their Fees to the Clerk and Serjeant, and the 20/. to Mr. Hoyle, were called in; and kneeling, acknowledged their Offence, in unduly preparing, and returning Sir Tho. Savill, a Citizen for York, to serve in this Parliament.

Resolved, That the Matter be re-committed to the same Committee: And that they do inspect the Journals; and report what other Precedents they flrall find to the House.

Refblved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inspect Precedents of what Censures have been inflicted by this House, upon Persons that have broken the Privileges of the House; and report the lame.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee®.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Tryals in cecded further in reading the Informations and Papers de- Lancaiinre, livered in to the House by Mr. Aaron Smith, touching the late Proceedings and Trails in Lanvashire and Cheshire:

And Mr. Lunfs Information was read through:

And also Mr. Wilfons and Mr. Wombzrells Informutions*

And several Letters, and other Papers, delivered into the House by Mr. Aaron Smith, were also read; among which were several printed Papers, as an Act recognizing the late King James in Ireland; and several Proclamations dated at Dublin.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in* And they were lb.

A Motion being made and the Question being pro- Candle* posed, That there does appear to this House, that there was sufficient Grounds for the Prosecutions and Tryals of the Gentlemen at Manchester;

An Addition was proposed to be made, by inlcrting between "that," and "there," these Words; viz. " before 4< the Falfity of the Witnesses was detected."

And the Question being put, That those Words be added to the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TellmfortI,crcas,{^;|

Tellers for the Noes,

fSir ICalterYong:

} l° 136.

l.Mr. Clarke:

So it passed in the Negative.

Refotced, That there does appear to this House, that there was sufficient Grounds for the Prosecution and Tryals of the Gentlemen at Manchester.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That, upon the Informations and Examinations before this House, it does appear, that there was a dangerous Plot carried on against the King and Government The Houio divided,

Tho

224

The Yeas go forth.

6° — -70 F

Tellers for the Yeas,

rp , r v- fMr.

Tellers for the Noes, (Co|?1)e|

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

] *33-} 97-

Papers to Resolved, That an Act of the pretended Parliament of be burnt by Ireland, held in the Year 1689, recognizing the late King angman. James, be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman.

Resolved, That a printed Paper, intituled, " A Procla-u mation, " dated at Dublin, the First Day of April 1689,

be also burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman.

Resolved, That another printed Paper, intituled "A Proclamation,'dated at Dublin, the Fourth Day of 1689,

be also burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman.

Ordered, That the said Afiis, and printed Papers, be burnt in the Old Palace-Yard, upon this Day

Sevennight, being the Thirteenth Day of February inftunt: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do lee the same done: And that the Sheriffs of London and M'uldlefcxdo alii ft the Serjeant at Arms therein.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jotis, T die Februarii;

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Expiring ES O L VF. D, That this House will, upon Monday

Laws. J.\. Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, take the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inljjefit what Laws are lately expired and expiring; and to consider which are fit to be revived and continued.

A. 1694.

Grievances; and that the House will take fuel) Measures for preventing the Breach of the said A fit of Navigation, as mail be thought necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the importing Wines and other Goods, from Spain, Portugal, and Italy, of the Grow th of those Countries in English, and English-builtShips, manned with

Seamen of those Countries, be read the First time.

Resolved, That this I louse will, upon Saturday Morn- Ways and ing next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Encourage, next, after the Consideration of the Report from the Com- nient of mittee appointed to inspcfit what Laws are lately expired ^nvateer* and expiring; and to consider which are fit to be revived and continued is over; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

A Petition of Grace Glover, Widow7, Relifit of Thomas Army Glover, late Lieutenant and Quarter-master of the Regi- Account* ment commanded by Ftrdinando Hastings, was presented to the- House, and read; complaining of the said Colonel Hastings for not stating and adjusting her Husband s Accounts.

And also a Petition of William Durst on, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; complaining o. the said Colonel Hastings, in respefit of the Pay due to him, as Chaplain of the said Regiment.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table until the said Colonel Hastings do attend this House: And that he have a Copy of the said Petitions in the mean time.

APersonin Ordered, That Thomas Fitz-Harris, in Custody of the , Consideration of the Com-

Custody tobc Serjeant at Arms, be discharged out of Custody/paying pIa»ntof theInhato^ by Army

dil'charged. hisFees. And that he do, Tomorrow Morning, attend made by the Commissioners for taking and stating the pub- ^entfc

the Committee, to whom the Examination and Confident- k the Abuses and ill Practices, of the

tion of the Petition of Thomas Kemp, and others of the of ‘ 'e Rc^iments of the Army; be further ad-

ancient Pour hundred Hackney Coachmen, was referred. Joue7d unb^y^/ Morning next

Ordered, That all such Persons as were ordered to at-

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to *end House this Day touching the said Complaint, enable Thomas Kerridge,a Minor, to purclmfe divers Ma- do attend t ils House again upon luefday Morning next.

Kerridges's

Lltate.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committee*

Pttition relating to Act of Navigation,

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Call of journed until this Day Sevennight: And that all such the House. Members as shall not then attend, not having Leave to be absent, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, according to former Orders,

nors, Lands, and Tenements, that lie adjacent to hisEstate, in the County of Suffolke, was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejefited.

A Petition of divers English Merchants, Owners, Builders, and Matters of Ships, and other Persons concerned in An ingossed Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Supply Bill? Shipping and Navigation, on behalf of themleves, and Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year; and for apply- Land Tax. many Thousand Families, immediately depending upon ing the yearly Sum of Three hundred shouland Pounds, the Foreign Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, was for Five Years, out of the Duties of and Pouod-

presented to the House and read; fettin fforth, That the age, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchan-punctual performance of the Afit of Navigation, made in dizes exported and imported; for carrying on the War the 12th Year of King Charles the I Id, is of great Import against France with Vigour; was read the Third time. to the Trade and Safety of this Kingdom: And that, of An Amendment was proposed, by adding William Baron late Years, great Quantities of Merchandizes have been Gentleman, a Commissioner for the Town of Cambridge:

And the Question being put, That the said Name be

imported, contrary to the said Act; to the great Discou-ragenient of such Merchants as import their Goods fairly; to the utter Ruin of our Trade here, and English Navigation; and to the LeiTcning of his Majesty's Customs; all which the Petitioners are ready to prove: Which ill Practice proceeds from the Encouragement given to such unfair Traders, who import their Merchandize in Ships which arc neither built nor manned as by that Law is required; so that the Shipping and Navigation of the Northern Crowns is much increased; and the foreign Trade nmft ot Nocelli ty he wholly loft to England: and the Shipping and Navigation of this Kingdom will be utterly ruined in a few Years, unless lbine speedy Care he taken: And pra; png, That they may be heard, touching the said

43

O

inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f^‘r ^,a'

1 CilcrS Ior We 1 "M Mir.

Tellers forthp Noes f^r-Idlers for the Noes, Lather:

So, the Voices being equal,

Mr. Speaker declared with the Yeas.

And the said Name, with others, upon the Question put thereupon, were inserted in the Bill at the Table.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by altering the Time appointed for the Meeting of

the

6 W. III.

7° — 8° Februarii.

«5

the Commissioners; viz. to leave out " noth of February"

and inferring " Eight-and-twentieth Day of February:

And the same was, upon the Quelhon put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Tatye.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Clause touching Appeals, by inferring " or to any Mem* " bers of the House of Commons, Commissioners for that " Place:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for the ex* curing of empty Houses:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, . } 27-

Tellers for Ute Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Refoked, Neminecontr That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year; and for applying the yearly Sutn of Three hundred thousand Ponds, for Five Years, out of the Duties of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported; ior carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, anil desire ..... Concurrence thereunto.

Elections_ Ordered, That the Bill to disable all Persons from voting

incapacitat- in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, who shall ing Persons refuse to take the Oaths to the Government, be read a Oaths.8 Second time Tomorrow Morning, at Eleven a Clock.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except such as are by Adjournment to fit Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 8* die Februarii; Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

PkAYEBS,

A Bill for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ. Christ-Church, in the County of Surrey, to make Rates Church Mi-for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister; Main, and for impowering the Trustees of Mr. Marshall's Will c*‘ to employ Monies for erecting a Steeple to the said Church, and furmlhing the same with Bells; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Tayler, Sir Fra. Vincent, Sir Sir

JVm. Drake, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Palmes, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Brockman, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Purges, Mr.

Mr. fVindlum, Mr. Christie, Mr. FiSir Richard Hart,

Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Onslow, Sir John More-ton, Mr. England, Mr. flltiey, Mr. Papillion, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Clarges, Lord Digby, Mr. Clarke, Sir JVm.

Cook, Mr. JValler, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Arnold,

Sir John Fleet, Mr. Bere, Mr. Brewer, Colonel Perry,

Mr. Pooley, Mr. HutchinJ'on, Sir JVm. Cooper, Mr. Boyle,

Mr. White, Mr. BUnvfield, Sir JVm. Pritchard, Sir John Bolles, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Preston,

Sir Tho. Cook, Sir JVm. Lemon; and all the Members that serve for the County of Surrey: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they do give publick Notice to the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Christ-Church, that the Bill is to lay a Rate upon them; to the end they may be heard touching the fame, if they think fit.

A Petition of divers of the Trustees of John Marshall Ditto. Gentleman, deceased, and Owners of Houses and Lands, and Inhabitants of the said Parish of Christ-church, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending in this House for enabling the Inhabitants of the said Parish to make Rates for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister; and for impowering the Trustees of Mr.

Marshall's Will to employ Monies for erecting a Steeple, and furnishing the same with Bells: That the said Bill is brought in by divers Persons who Itile themselves the Trustees of Mr. Marshall's Will, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, without the Consent of the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard touching the Matters contained in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Leave of Abfeiice.

ORDERED, That Mr. Burdet have Leave to go into Ordered, That all Committees have Liberty to fit in the Committee*, the Countiy for Three Weeks, his Wife being very ill. Morning, before the Sitting of the House.

Roger*'

Effete.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir Joh n Hosk ins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Jane Rogers, the Widow and Relict of Bryan Rogers, late of Falmouth, Merchant, deceased, and Administratrix of his Goods and Chattels, with his Will annexed, and other Trustees therein named, to fell Lands for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Brian Rogers, in Performance of his said Will: And allb,

A Bill, intituled, An Act to velt in Trustees certain Lands of Sir Gervaje Clifton Baronet, in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and railing Portions for younger Children:

T o which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Allb, Rebuilding The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Warwick for the rebuilding the Town of Warwick', and for determining Differences touching Houses burnt or demolHhed, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. XI.

Clifton'*

Estate.

Town.

A Petition of Richard Roberts, now in Custody of the petition from Serjeant at Arms, was presented to the House. apersonin

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be custodM now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Tuefiay Morning next

A Morion being made, and the Question being put, Importing That the Bill for the importing Wines, and other Goods, £?lrtu8al from Spain, Portugal, and Italy, of the Growth of those we#' Countries, in English and English built Ships, manned with Seamen of those Countries, be now read the First time;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for } 9«

TeUer, fortoSoe,$^ % ' } 67.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

3 M The

226

8° — 9° Fe

A' 1694.

Tryals for Treason.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason:

And the same were read; and are as followeth; viz. Skin 1. L. 10. instead of " King and Queen's*' read " King'sand instead of " Majesties," read Majesty." L. 16. For " Five," read " Eight."

L. 21.after " Indictment," add '" but not the Wit-f< nesses Names usually indorsed thereon."

Skin 2. L. 16. after " Witnesses," leave out the Word " Two and read " either both of them to the " feme Overt A Cl, or one of them to one, and the " other of them to another Overt Act of."

L. 22. after " notwithstanding," add the Clause marked " Aand leave out from " and" to " that," in the 35 Line; and read " Be it further Enafited, by the " Authority aforesaid."

Clause A. " Provided always, That any Person or " Persons, being indicted as aforesaid, for any the Treasons, or Misprisions of the Treasons aforesaid, may be " outlawed, and thereby attainted of or for any the said " Offences of Treason, or Misprision of Treason; and in " Cafes of the High Treasons aforesaid, where, by the " Law, after such Outlawry, the Party outlawed may " come in, and be tried, he shall, upon such Tryal, have " the Benefit of this Act: And be it further Enacted and " Declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That if Two or " more distinct Treasons, of divers Heads or Kinds, shall " be alleged in One Bill of Indictment, One Witness " produced to prove one of the said Treasons, and another Witness produced to prove another of the said " Treasons, shall not be deemed or taken to be Two " Witnesses to the feme Treason, within the this Act."

3d Skin, 8 Line, after " Whatsoever," add the Clauses marked B and C.

Clause B. " And whereas by the good Laws of this " Kingdom, in Cafes of Tryals of Commoners for their " Lives, a Jury of Twelve Freeholders mult all agree in " one Opinion, before they can bring a Verdict, either " for Acquittal or Condemnation of the Prisoner: And " whereas, upon the Tryals of Peers or Peercfl'es, a major " Vote is sufficient, either to acquit or condemn: Be it " further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon " the Tryal of any Peer or Peerels for Treason, or Misprision, all the Peers who have a Right to fit and vote in Parliament, shall be duly summoned, Twenty Days at least before every such Tryal, to appear at every such Tryal; and that every Peer so summoned, and appearing at such Tryal, shall vote in the Tryal of such Peer or Peeress so to be tried; every such Peer first taking the Oaths mentioned in One Afil of Parliament, made in the First Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing

no

Meaning of

" upon a Writ of Error, in the same manner, and " other, than as if this Act had not been made."

The First and Second Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time; And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords, in the said Amendment ,*

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth and Fifth Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Sixth Amendment being read a Second time;

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Seventh Amendment being read a Second time; The feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed in Line the 10th, after " Peers," to inlert " relkling within this Kingdom

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put, thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed in the Clause, L. 11. after " Parliament," to inlert " in Cafes of High " Treason

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Clause thus amended;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea Chgrlcs [Mr. cTa'y/i:

1118.

J *3

tt

other Oaths; and also, every such Peer subscribing, and audibly repeating, the Declaration mentioned in an Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and

Tellers for the Noes ^>0'

Idlers for the oes, JVdter

So it passed in the Negative.

Clause C being read a Second time;

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

1tcfolved.That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Amendments disagreed unto by this House.

Re (hived, , That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendments:

And it is referred to Mr. Mount ague, Mr. , Sir

Edu ard Seymour, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Boyle, Colonel Titus,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Finch, Sir John Thornyfon, Mr.

field, Mr. Bqfcmccn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Solicitor-General,

Mr. Guyn, Mr. Foley, Sir Eliah Harvey, Lord Mr. Arnold, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Clark, Mr. Horn, Mr.

Harley, Sir Henry Gough, Sir WI Chit luck. Sir Chr.

Musgrave, Mr. Hutchinson, Sir Richard Temple, Mr.

Hopkins, Mr. Palmes, or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except such Committees

Government, by disabling Papists from fitting in either as are> ^y Adjournment, to fit Tomorrow' Morning.

And

then the House adjourned Nine a Clock.

till Tomorrow

Morning,

House of Parliament, and made in the Thirtieth Year of the late King Charles the Second."

Clause C. " Provided also, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Indifitment for any the Offences aforesaid, nor any Process or Return thereupon, shall be quashed, on the Motion of the Prisoner, or his Counsel, for Mif-writing, Mif-spelling, selfe or improper Latin, unless Exception concerning the feme

be taken and made in the relative CourtwhOT such flRDERED, That the Committee, to uhon. the Twl shall be, by the Prisoner, or his Counsel aligned, U Matttr h, nflhe Co I-

before any Evidence is given, in open Court upon such

Sabbati, 9° die Februarii;

Sexto Gulieltni Tertii.

Praters.

Indictment; nor shall any such Mif-writing, Mif-lpell-ing, false or improper Latin, after Conviction on such Indictment, be any Cause to stay or arrest Judgment thereupon; but nevertheless, any Judgment, given upon

Matter upon the Petition of the Poor of Cobham Col lege, and the Proprietors of Lands now under Water in West-Thorock, in the County of Essex, was re-committed, do fit upon Monday Morning.

Waft-Tho-rock Inundation.

A Petition of divers Eastland Merchants trading to Encouragesuch Indictment, shall and may be liable to be reyerfed Sweedland, Denmark, and Norway, was presented to the meDt

House, PnntMn-

Thames tocks and Weirs.

Committees.

Rebuilding

Warwick

Town.

Compelling the production of Sir P. Pindar.

Free Proceedings in Parliament.

Ways and Means.

6 W. III.

11

Februarii.

22J

House, and read j letting forth, That there is a Bill de- be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War depending in thislloufe for the better Encouragement of against France with Vigour.

Privateers; and that there are many things contained in it which will be highly prejudicial: And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel, before the Bill pafles thi$ House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of divers Freeholders, Bargemasters, and other Inhabitants, within the several Counties of Gloucester, Oxford, Berks, War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of W ays and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the

and Bucks, was referred, That they had examined and considered the same accordingly; and had agreed upon a Kesolution j which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there have been great Exactions and Impositions made by the Occupiers of several Locks and Weirs, on the Rivers of Isis and Thames, upon the Owners of Boats and Barges working on those Rivers, to the great Prejudice of the Owners of such Boats and Barges , and allb of the Freeholders, and Tenants of Lands, within the said Counties, through which those Rivers pass, near adjoining to them.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-

And then the House adjourned till Mmday Morning , Nine a Clock.

Lund', lie die Februa

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

Pkavf.rs.

MR. JValler reported from the Committee to whom CoiTerat's,

the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An &c. Nat. Act for Naturalizing of Bernard Cossalias and

Alexander Ringli, and others, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throush-

out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the mittee in the said Resolution, That there have been great Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the r r-' 1 Impositions made by the Occupiers of House.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendments: To which this House desires their Lordships Concurrence.

Exactions and Impositions made several Locks and Weirs, on the Rivers of and Thames, upon the Owners of Boats and Barges working on those Rivers, to the great Prejudice of the Owners of such Boats and Barges; and allb of the Freeholders, and Tenants of Lands, within the said Counties, through which those Rivers pass, near adjoining to them.

Mr. Harcourt also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulating of such Abuses and for ascertaining the Prices of the Passage of all Boats and Barges through the several Locks and Weirs upon those Rivers; and for constituting such Orders as shall be for the Advantage of the Navigation on those Rivers; saving the Jurisdiction of the City of London, and of the University and City of Oxford,; and for regulating of Prices of W ater-carriage; and preventing any Abuses being committed by the Bargemen.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill accordingly: And that Mr. Harcourt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the rebuilding the Town of and for determining Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there:

And the same were once read throughout; and are as followeth; viz

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to compel Edtcard Williams Esquire to bring forth the Person of Sir Paul Fbidar Baronet, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill, touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries: Vot. XI.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Apothecaries for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of exempt from Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward-Offices; Parish and from serving upon Juries; with some Amendments: °ffices'

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in Land Tax. the Pound, for One Year; and for applying the yearly Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, for Five Years, out of the Duties of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported; for carrying on the War against France with Vigour; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question heing put, Leave of That Mr. Winnington have Leave to go into the Country Absenre.

for Three Weeks, his Wife being very ill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller for the Yeas, Colmore:

Tellers for the Noes,{^rr*^o/

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Apothecarie* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, fron»

An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and

52.

35-

Parish

Offices*

And

228

ii* Februarii.

A. 1694.

And the tame were read; and are as followeth; viz. Skin 2d, L. 37. for " they were," read " he was."

At the End of the Bill, add Clause marked X.

X. " Provided always, That this Act shall continue for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the " End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer." The First Amendment being read a Second time;

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time; An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Seven," and inserting " Three

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committe in the said Resolution, That an Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors against fraudulent Devices; which was to continue from the 25th Day of March 1692, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; be continued.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of King and

And the Question being put, That the Word "Seven" Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery

Rebuilding

Warwick

Town.

stand in the Clause;

It was refblved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Christie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House has agreed to the said Amendments.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resumed die adjourned.Debate, upon the First Amendment, made

of Judgments in the Courts of King's-Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, at Westminster; which was to be in Force for One Year, from the Five-and-twentieth Day of March 1693, and from thence to die End of the next Session of Parliament; be continued.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions agreed unto by the House: And that Mr. Waller do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare, Regulating

by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding and bring in, a Bill for the better Regulating of Printing,

the Town of Warwick; and for determining Differences touching Houses burnt or demolished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there:

And the Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time; The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

and Printing-Presses:

And it is referred to Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Finch, Mr. White, Sir Cooper, Andrews, Mr. Morgan, Colonel

Mr Mr. Luttercll, Sir Sir Tho. Little-

ton, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Jos. TrcdcnhamMr. Bow Air. Arnold, Mr. llarley, Mr. England, Sir Rich,

Mr. Mr. Waller, Mr. Christie, Sir Rowland Gwyn,

Ordered, That the Lord Digby do carry the Bill to the Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Foley, Sir

Printing and

Printing

Preiies.

Lords, and acquaint them, to the said Amendments.

That this House has agreed Air. Boyle, Mr. Cook, Sir Tho. , and all the

Alembers that serve for either Universities, and the City of London; or any J ive of them: And they are to meet at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons,

Expiring The House, according to the Order of the Day, took Laws- into further Consideration the Report, made the Ninth

Day of January last, from the Committee appointed to Papers, and Records, inspect what Laws are lately expired and expiring; and to

consider which are fit to be revived and continued: A Aleffage from the King, by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Royal -A(Tent

And the First Resolution being read a Second time; Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: to

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- Mr. Speaker, mittee in the said Resolution, That the Act made in the The King commands this Honourable House to attend Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Mary, intituled, An Act to take away Clergy from some Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to Offenders, and to bring others to Punishment; which, by attend his Majesty.

Part of another Act, made in the Fourth and Fifth Years And, being returned;

of the Reign of the said King and Queen, intituled, An Air. Speaker reported, That his Majesty bad been Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining, several Laws pleased to give the Royal Assent to several Bills; viz. therein mentioned, which are expired, and near expiring, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid of 4s. in was explained, and was to continue and be in Force for the Pound, for One Year s and for applying the yearly ~ " ~ " Sum of Three hundred thousand J'ounds, for Five Years,

out of the Duties of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money, payable ..... Merchandizes exported and imported: for carrying on the War against France And the Question being put, That the House do agree with Vigour, with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an Act An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of the late Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Ward Offices; and from serving upon Juries.

Abuses in printing leditious, treasonable, and unlicensed An Act for rebuilding the Town of Warwick', and for Books and Pamphlets; and for regulating of Printing, and determining Differences touching Houses burnt or de-Printing-Prefies; which was revived in the First Year of molished, by reason of the late dreadful Fire there. the Rdp.offe teKKing W, continued Iran, (be Hou(. wj(|> Fri^ Mom.

y*. Til. ..n nf P.JiPnl ‘.ntl ing nexl, at Eleven a Clock, refojve itlclfinto a Committee ment of

to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and was P., V . c , n-, £ . privateers

again revived by the said Act, made in the said 4th ‘he «hote House lo consider of the B.II for the beiler K mi5th Years of the Reign of King William and Queen "f iWeers.

Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are ex- lblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, pired, and near expiring, and continued for One Year, consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Sup-

C J I rr* 1 A lL VX _ T T,* A A M 1«. 4 J L

Three Years, from the 13th Day of February 1692, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament^ and no longer; be continued.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time.

from the Thirteenth Day of February 1692, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; be continued.

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

23

ply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir

T

6 W. III.

116 — 12°

229

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Iiesolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House would please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they mav have Leave to lit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn* ing next, rclblve i-selfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for'railing the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

the same manner Law

as if

against the said

Committees.

felTment upon the Hundred, in there had been a Judgment in Hundred.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That nt> Hundred be liable to make good, or lately, any Robbery committed within their respective Hundred, unless such Robbery be committed between Sun-rising and Sun-let*

It palfed in the Negative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That no Person shall recover more than Fifty Pound against any Hundred,

for any one Robbery committed in the same; unless the

Committees he adjourned, except Persons carrying such Money give Four-and-twenty Hours ..... Notice, before his or their Railage through such Hundred,

Ordered, That all such as are by Adjournment to lit Tomorrow Morning

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine a Clock.

Morning,

Mortis, 12° die Februarii;

; tad

Sexto Gulielmi Tertii.

African

Company.

Regions — iocupaci-tating Per-

fons refilling Oaths.

PrA V E R S.

ORDERED,

That the Committee, to whom the

Examination and Consulcratiou of the Petition of the Royal African Company was referred, have Leave to lit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Fill to disable all Persons from voting in Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament, who shall refuse to take the Oaths to the Government, be reud a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Laws

touching

Kobbenes.

Sir John Guise reported from the Committee appointed to consider of all the Laws in being touching Robberies on the Highways, and of Hues and Cries; and how to make the same more efiiclual; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; That they had inspected the Laws accordingly; and had agreed upon several Resolu-lutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the the same were read; and arc as follow; viz.

1. Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 110 Hundred he liable to make good, or satisfy, any Robbery committed within their respective Hundred, unless such Robbery be committed between Sun-rising and Sun-let.

2. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person shall recover more than Fifty Pound against any Hundred, for any one Robbery committed in the fame; unless the Persons carrying such Money give Four-and-twenty Hours Notice, before his or their Passage through such Hundred, both of such Railage and Charge, to some Justice of the Peace near, one nigh Con ft able of, the said Hundred, or Petty Constables of the fame, in Writing.

3. Rt/hived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons lo robbed shall give Notice, with all possible Speed, to the Minister, or some Officer, of one of the nearest Towns or Hamlets in View, of the said Robbery; and to such Person as he or they shall meet before such Notice given.

4. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Hundred shall be liable: by Law to make good a Robbery, which shall be committed, of any other Things, lave only Money, Wares, and Merchandizes; of which, no Jewels, Plate, Watches, or other personal Ornament, shall be accounted any Part.

.5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Justices of Peace of the said County, at the next Quarter-Sessions held for the said County, where such Robbery shall happen, shall have Power, by their Order, to levy the Value of the Monies robbed by an equal AC Vol. XI.

o

both of such Passage and Charge, to some Justice of the Peace near, One High Conliableof, the said Hundred, or Petty Constables of the fame, in Writing;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com* inittee in the said Resolution, That all Persons lo robbed shall give Notice, with all possible Speed, to the Minister, or some Officer, of one of the nearest Towns or Hamlets in View, of the said Robbery; and to such Persons as hi or they shall meet before such Notice given.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That no Hundred shall be liable by Law to make good a Robbery, which shall be committed, of any other Things, save only Money, Wares, and Merchandizes; of which, no Jewels, Plate, Watches, or other personal Ornament, shall be accounted any Part;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Justices of the Peace of the said County, at the next Quarter-Sessions held for the said County, where such Robbery shall happen, shall have Power, by their Order, to levy the Value of the Monies robbed by an equal Assessment upon the Hundred, in the same manner as if there had been a Judgment in Law against the said Hundred;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Rill be brought in upon the said Resolution agreed unto by the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Clark, Sir Sam.

Sir Richard Onslow', Mr. Bracer, Mr. Sir Rich.

Temple, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Rowland Mr.

Scobell, Serjeant IVogan, Mr. Mr. Mr.

J.uttenil, Mr. ffuller, Sir John Air. Gwyn, Mr.

Fenwick, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Arnold, or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Resolved, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That a Clause be brought in to the said Bill, for the more equal Charging of the Inhabitants of the Hundred, after a Recovery, and Judgment at Law.

Resolved, That it be allb an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do prepare, and bring in, a Clause to prevent, discourage, and punish, all pretended and fraudulent Robberies.

Ordered, That the said Bill bq allb prepared, and brought in, upon the Debate of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Tilney have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Sir Thomas Clarges, from the Commissioners for taking irishArrear*. and stating the publick Accounts, presented to the House, according to Order, a State of the Irish Arrear due to the Army; and how far the same have been paid.

And the Title of the said State was read.

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House: And that the

3 N fame

2$0

12* — 130 Februarii.

A, 1694.

next.

Toti&ee

Duties.

lame be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning the said Petition had been examined before them upon

Oath; and that it appeared his Pay had been all paid to himself, or to such as he had directed; and that the other Matters of his Petition were untrue;

That the said Petition be dismissed, as false and scandalous.

Then Colonel and Sir John Jacob his Lieu-

Privilege.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Owners of Ships in the Port of London, on the Behalf of tivemselves, and others

trading into foreign Parts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by the Way of Admeasure-ment prescribed by a late AG, for granting to their Ma- tenant-Colonel, were severally called in; and examined, jeitics fevornl Hates and Duties upon the Tonageof Ships And then withdrew.

and Vessels, Ships are measured of far greater Burden Agent attending, in Custody, was called in;

than they w ere built for; or really are, or can be lett and examined.

out to Freight; or that his Majesty pays when taken AncT, refufmgto answer to severalQuestions demanded into his Service; so that the Owners are forced to pay the by the House:

Duties settled by the said AG for the whole Tonage, ac- He withdrew.

cording to the said Amcafurement, although the Vessels Afterwards he was called in again; and acquainted by many times cannot be half louden; which Hardship is a Mr. Speaker, by Order of the House, That if lie did not great Ditcouragcment to Navigation and Trade, and immediately answer to the said Questions, the House would tends to the Owners Ruin: And praying such Relief in proceed with the utmost Rigour and Severity against him. the Premises, as the l louse tlia.ll think lit; and that the And, he still perfilting in his lleful'al;

Petitioners may be heard. He withdrew.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of lie Joked, con t rah ecu I c, That Mr. Tracey Paunrefort

the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed P, Agent to Colonel Hastings* Uesiiment, by committed to consider of the said AG, as it relates to the Isle of I Fight, obstinately refilling to answer to a Matter of Fact demanded and'1 own and County of Soutlian ijuon, and Town of of him by this House, hath thereby violated the Privilege, Portsmouth, and all the Coasting Trade; and of the and contemned the Authority, of this House, and the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; and to report fundamental Constitution thereof, the Matter thereof to the lioui'e. , That the said Mr. Tracy Punncefort he committed Prisoner to the of London: And that Mr.

Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracey Puunojort be brought to the Bar of this House, and, upon his Knees, receive the said J ud gment.

And he w as accordingly brought in:

And, kneeling at the Bar, the Judgment was pro-

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Peter Marsh, Clerk to Mr. Thomas Lake, of the Temple, hath served Air. Gilbert, a Member of this House, with a Subpoena out of the Court of Chancery, in Breach of the Privilege of this 1 loul'e;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Pri-

Almfes by

Army

Agents.

vileges and Elections to examine the Matter; and report nounced by Mr. Speaker, the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. That this House will, upon Alorn-

Ordered, That the said Air. 'linnnos Lake and Peter ing next, consider howto proceed further against the said Marsh do attend the said Committee, the next Day they Air. Tracey Pauncejort.

shall fit, to answer the said Complaint. Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Complaint of the Inhabitants of; and of the Observa-

Thc Order of the Day, for the IIoulc to take into their tions, made by the Commissioners f >r taking and ft.iting further Consideration the Complaints of the Inhabitants of the publick Accounts, of the A hulls, and ill PraGices, of Jicy dun; and of the Observations, made by the Commit- the Agents of the Regiments of the Army; be adjourned (ioners for taking and dating the Publick Accounts, of the until Friday Morning next.

Abides, and ill PraGices, of the A

gents of the Regiments of tin* Army; being read;

A Petition of Eliz. Rouse Widow was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Air. Agent

to the Regiment now commanded by the Lord Berkley, lor not paying the Arrears of her Husband, who was a Lieutenant in the said Regiment; and Hopping Alonies, upon Pretence ot"Tallies, Gratuities, and Agency: And allb,

A Petition of Eleanor Ilol was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the said Agent Bolilcrson, for the like Reaibns, in relation to Lieutenant Acre hold, her late Husband: And also,

A Petition of Lieutenant John Puntil was presented to the House, and read; complaining of Agent Richard Roberts, Agent to Colonel Ingolds by'* Regiment, for want of his Pay: Allb,

A Petition of the said Agent Ric in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, formerly presented to the House, was read; whereby lie acknowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon of the House for the fame; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody, that he may attend the Commissioners for taking and dating the publick Accounts, to make up his Accounts before them.

Ordered, That the said Agent Roberts be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

Ordered, That the said Agent Roberts have a Copy of the Petition of the said John Pexcel 1.

The House took into Consideration the Petition of William Hurston Clerk, Chaplain to Colonel Hasting's

Regiment:

And the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts acquainting the House, That the Matter of

Committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii., 13° die; Septimo Guiklmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, A11 AG Roars' to enable Jane Rogers, the Widow and Relict of Eiiate. Bryan Rogers, late of Falmouth, Merchant, dccealed, and Administratrix 01 his Goods and Chattels, with his Will annexed, and other Trustees therein named, to fell Lands, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Bryan Rogers, in Performance of his Will, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames, west ward of the City of London; and for ascertaining the Price of Water-carriage upon the said River: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Lacvn William Child:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Kirke'*

felling Ertate.

Thames Locks and Weirs.

Committees.

7 W. III. 13° Februarii. 231

felling the Estate of John Kirhe, deceased, for Payment o his Debts: And also,

W^llaiWs An Act to enable Ilannah Woollasion Widow, and Jo-tiuic. iiaikan her Son, an Infant, to fell certain Lands and Tenements in ffan ford., in the County of Southampton, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, according to the Will of Richard WoolUision El quire, deceased:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Compelling A Petition of Sir Paid Pindar was offered to the ttVTsir ^0l,*e> relating to the ingossed Bill from the Lords, in-P. Pindar, tituled, An Act to compel Eduard IVi Ilian is Esquire to bring forth the Person of Sir Paul Pindar Baronet:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir John Franldyn, one of the Masters in Chancery, in whole Care and Charge the said Sir Paul Pindar is, do attend the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, with the said Sir Paul Pindar.

FreePrn- A Motion being made, and the Question being put, I" That the ingossed Bill touching free and impartial Pro-1 4‘mn ceedings in Parliament be now read the Third time;

It palied in the Negative.

Mean Thomas Lit I lei on, according to the Order of the

cdnb' Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, the Helblutions of the said C ommittee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Refill ed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, a Duty be laid upon Leather.

2. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Houses.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be Two Shillings yearly for every Fire hearth in the said Houses.

4. Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be paid by the Inhabitants of the said houses.

5. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Persons, who, by reason of their Poverty, or Smallness of their Estate, are exempted from paying to Church or Poor, shall be charged or chargeable with the said Duty.

6. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Persons inhabiting in any House not of greater Value than of Forty Shillings per Annum, nor holding Lands of more than of the said yearly Value, nor worth Ten Pound, IJoufhold-goods excepted, shall be charged or chargeable with the said Duty.

7. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person shall be charged with the said Duty for, or in respect of, empty Houses, or any Blowing-house, Stamp, Furnace, Forge, Kiln, or private Oven.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon Burials.

Rifilvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon Births.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon Marriages.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Person, the Sum of Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Duke, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Vol. XI.

That there be paid, for the Burial of every Duchess, the Sum of Fifty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid for the Burial of every Marquis, or Marchioness, the Sum of Forty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Earl, or Countess, the Sum of Thirty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is" the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Viscount or Viscountess, the Sum of Five-and-Twenty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Rifilvcd, Thut it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid for the Burial of every Baron, or Ba-roness, the Sum of Twenty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid for the Burial of every eldest Son of a Duke, or his Wife, the Sum of Thirty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every younger Son of a Duke, or his Wife, the Sum of Five-and-Twenty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every eldest Son of a Marquis, or his Wife, the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every younger Son of a Marquis, or his Wife, the Sum of Twenty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings'.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every eldest Son of an Karl, or his Wife, the Sum of Twenty Pound, over and above the said l;our Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every younger Son of an Earl, or his Wife, the Sum of Fifteen Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every eldest Son of a Viscount, or his Wife, the Sum of Seventeen Pound Ten Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every younger Son of a Viscount, or his Wife, the Sum of Thirteen Pound Six Shillings Eight-pence, over and above the said F'our Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every eldest Son of a Baron, orhis Wife, the Sum of Fifteen Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every younger Son of a Baron, or his Wife, the Sum of Twelve Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every unmarried Daughter of each respective Rank of the Nobility, according, to the Ilate of their younger Sons, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of all Widows, according to the Rates set upon all Wives respectively, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there he paid, for the Burial of every Baronet, or his Wife, the Sum of Fifteen Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Knight of the Bath, or his Wife, the Sum of Fifteen Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Refiivedg

Ways and Means.

130 Februariu 1694,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Knight-Bachelor, or his Wife, the Sum of Ten Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Serjeant at Law, being the King's Serjeant, the Sum of Twenty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of the Wife of every King's Serjeant, the Sum of Ten Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every other Serjeant at Law, the Sum of Fifteen Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every such Serjeant's Wife, the Sum of Seven Pound Ten Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Esquire, or his Wife, the Sum of Five Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Gentleman, or his Wife, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every younger Child of Baronets, Knights of the Bath, Knights-Bachclors, Serjeants at Law, Esquires, and Gentlemen, and their Wives, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Archbishop, the Sum of Fifty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Archbishop s Wife, or Widow, the Sum of Ten Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Bishop, the Sum of Twenty Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid for the Burial of the Wife, or Widow, of every Bishop, the Sum of Five Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Dean, the Sum of Ten Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of the Wife, or Widow, of every Dean, the Sum of Two Pound Ten Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Archdeacon, the Sum of Two Pound Ten Shilings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of the Wife, or Widow, of every Archdeacon, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Canon, or Prebendary, the Sum of Two Pound Ten Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of the Wife, or Widow, of every Canon, or Prebendary, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Doctor of Divinity, Law, or Physick, the Sum of Pive Pound, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Wife, or Widow, of every such Doctor, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of every Child of an Archbishop, Bishop, Dean, Archdeacon, Canon, Prebend, Doctor of Divinity, Law, or Physick, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there, be paid, for the Burial of every Person having a Real Estate of the Value of Fifty Pound per Annum, or upwards, or a Personal Estate of the Value of Six hundred Pound or upwards, and not otherwise charged, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Burial of the Wife, or Widow, or Children, of every such Peri'on, the Sum of Ten Shillings, over and above the said Four Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Birth of every Child, except of such as receive Alms, the Sum of Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Teat there be paid, over and above the said Two Shilling's, for the Birth of all Children of Persons of the respective Qualities and Qualifications aforesaid, the same Sums as are to be paid for the Burial of such Children.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, for the Marriage of every Peri'on, except such as receive Alms, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, over and above the said Two Shillings and Six-pence, for every Marriage of Persons of the respective Qualities and Qualifications aforesaid, the same Sums as are to be paid for Burial, according to the Quality or Qualification of the Husband.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon unmarried Men above the Age of Five-and-twenty Years, except such as receive Alms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be paid, by every Bachelor, above the Age of Twenty-five Years, the Sum of One Shilling yearly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be [laid, by every Widower, not having any Child, the Sum of One Shilling yearly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, over and al>ove the said One Shilling, there be yearly paid by Persons of the respective Qualities and Qualifications aforesaid, being Bachelors of above the Age of Twenty-five Years, or Widowers without any Child, One-fourth Part of the Sum to be paid upon the Burial of such Persons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, tow ards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, a Duty be laid-upon Leather;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }>5>

Tellers for the Noes. {J|j; }>5°-

So it was resolved in the Allinnative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Duty be laid upon all Houses;

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree 19 wth

7W.III.

13 ° — 140

433

with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the /itid Duty I e Two Shillings yearly for every Fire-hearth in the said Hcufos;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the lilid Duty be paid by the Inhabitants of the said Houses;

It passed in the Negative.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That no Person, who, byrealbn of their Poverty, or Smallnels'of their Estate, are exempted from paying to Church or Podr, shall be charged or chargeable with the said Duty;

It palfed in the Negative.,

The Sixth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That no Persons inhabiting in any House not of greater Value than of Forty Shillings per Annum, nor holding Lands of more than of the said yearly Valde, nor worth Ten Pound, Houshold-goods excepted, shall be charged or chargeable with the said Duty;

It passed in the Negative. '

The Seventh Resolution being read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do a<*ree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That no Person shall be charged with the said Duty for, or in respect of empty Houses, or any Blowing-house, Stamp, Furnace, Forge, Kiln, or private Oven;

It passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Resolutions, being fevCrally read a Second time, were upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

ceedings in Parliament*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Roberts be discharged out of Custody, paying his I ces.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, touching free and Free Pro-impartial Proceedings in Parliament, be read the Third time, upon Saturday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

The Ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for confirming Two Indentures Tripartite, the one of Thanet's Lease, and the other of Release, made between the Right Indentu"s-Honourable Thomas Earl of ThaneIsland, of the First.

Part; the Honourable Sackvile Ttifton Esquire, of the Second Part; and the Honourable JVm. Cheine Esquire, of the Third Part; and the Estates thereby settled; was read the First time.

Resolved\That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee ap- Privilege in pointed to consider how the Privileges of the Members relation to of this House, iu relation to Suits m Law and Equity, Su‘te baw. may be regulated. That they had considered the Matter to 'them referred; and had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Member of the House enjoy the Privilege of his Person against Arrests and Imprilbnments, in such manner as has been heretofore used and accustomed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Member, during the Continuance of this Parlia-( ment, have any Privilege, except personal, against any Commoner, in any Suit or Proceedings in Courts of Law or Equity, for any longer time than the House shall be actually fitting for Dispatch of Bufinds in Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Earl of '1 l.inet'i Indentures, dec.

Jovis, 14* die

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AM ES S A G E from the Lords by Mr. and

Mr. Pit:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pa/Ted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Confirming Two Indentures Tripartite, the one of Lease, and the other of Release, made between the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Thanet Island, of the First Part; the Honourable Sackvil Tujton Esquire, of the Second Part; and the Honourable Cheine Esquire, and

Sir Charles Taj ton Knight, of the Third Part; and the Estates thereby settled: And also,

A Pill intituled, An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands, in Kent and SujJLv, of John Caryll Esquire, for the Payment of Debts, and railing of Portions for younger Children; and to supply the Defects of a Conveyance intended for those Purposes: And also,

A Bill intituled, An Act to confirm a Grant made by rathe Vintry the Rector of the united Parishes of Michael-Royal, Church yard. 0ncj Marlin's in the vintry, London, of Part of Martin's Church-yard: And also,

A Bill intituled, An Act to enable William Wauley, an Infant, under the Age of One and-twenty Years, to new build several Mdluugcs or Tenements in Ax-yard,

street, Westminster , and to enable his Guardian to make

one or more Lease or Leases for eftefting the feme:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Carylls

Estate.

St. Martini

WanJey'i

Estate.

That a Commoner have, at all times. Liberty to file an Original, a Bill of Jlliddle/ex, Latitat, or Quo minus, or make an Entry to save a Right, in order to prevent a Bar by the Statutes of Limitations, against any Member of ftiis House, notwithstanding any Privilege whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if any Member shall, upon due Notice in Writing, signed by the Plaintiff, his or her Attorney, when and where to appear, refuse to give an Appearance to any Action whatsoever brought against him by a Commoner, at any time, except when the House shall be actually fitting, as aforesaid, the Plaintiff in such Action shall have Liberty to complain thereof, by Petition, in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Commoner, have at all times, Liberty to exhibit any Bill in Equity against any Member of this House, in order only to examine Witnesses thereupon, to preserve their Tefiimony, notwithstanding any Privilege whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee, That no Servant of any Member shall, at any time, have any Privilege against any Suit or Proceeding in Law or Equity, brought by a Commoner against him, except ouly as to the arresting and imprisoning his Person, during the actual Sitting of Parliament for the Dispatch of Business, as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Meeting of the Floufe at any time, in order only to an Adjournment or Prorogation, shall not be understood or interpreted to give any other than personal Privilege to any Member against a Commoner.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next at Eleven a Clock, take the said Report into further Consideration.

And then the Meftcngers withdrew.

Privilege — a Person reprimanded tnidif* charged.

Mr. Richard Roberts,

attending,

was, according to

Mr. Hungerfordreported from the Committee, to vi horn African the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Com; anvil oval African Company of England was referred, That they had examined and considered the feme; and also the several Petitions which were referred to the said Committee;

Order, called in; and at the Bur, upon his Knees, received and had agreed upon several Relohitions; which they had a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker. directed him to report; and which he read in his Place;

Tonage

Duties.

Call of the House.

2J4 14* — 15* Februarii. A. 1694.

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Refohxd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That tlse Trade to Africa is an Encouragement to the Woollen Manufacture, and a beneficial Trade to the Nation.

Resolved, That it is the 'Opinion of this Committee, That forts and Castles are necessary for carrying on, and preserving the Trade to Africa, to this Nation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa will be heft carried on to the Benefit of this Nation, and the English Plantations in America, by a joint Stock.

Mr. Hwigerford also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move the House, for Leave, That a Bill may be brought in, pursuant to their Rriblutions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, take the said Report into Cuisideration.

ing next, at Eleven a Clock, rcfblve itself into a Com- Ways mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Maans' and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to their Majesties, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That the Bill to disable all Persons from voting Elections — in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, who shall refuse to take the Oaths to the Government, be read fous lefufing a Second time upon Monday Morning next. Oaths.

Ordered, That the Consideration how to proceed fur- Proceedings ther against Mr. Tracy Fauncefortbe adjourned till p°,^farU Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered That the Committee to whom it is referred to consider of the Act passed the last Session, for laying several Duties upon Tonage of Ships, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and the Town and County of Southampton, and Town oi Port/bn>uth, and all the Coasting Trade; and of

the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto j have Power to tend for Persons, Papers and Records.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, was called over:

And the Names of such as made Default were called over a Second time; and the Ah fence of several of them excused by re..ion of pretent Sickntfs, and Leave given to be absent for Recovery of Health, and upon extraordinary Occasions.

And the Question being severally put, that the Absence of llurry Fleming Esquire, John Esquire, Sir

Fran. Drake, Sir John Eland, and Sir Edward

be excused;

It patfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Henry Fleming Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for abihoting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That John Speccot Esquire be sent for in

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenthig himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake Baronet be tent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir John B be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting hipiself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Phelipps be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament Ordered, That Sir Bryan Stapleton do attend ills Service in this 1 Ioufe upon Monday Sevennight next; and, in Default thereof, that he be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, without further Order, for absenting hiuiself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, The Roger Kerby Esquire do attend his Service in this House in a Fortnight; and in Default thereof, that he be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir William do attend his Service

in this House upon Monday next; and, in Default thereof, that he be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Clerk do prepare a List of such Members as have had Leave to be absent; and the Times they respectively had for the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-

Veneris, 15® die Febr

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act St Martin's to confirm a Grant made by the Rector of the ph, heuVlDt7 united Pantiles of St. Michael-Royal, and Martins in UIC ^ar ' the Vintry, London, of Part of St. Martins Church-yard

was read the Fii ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mackwort who has lately Leave of bad the Small-Pox, have Leave to go into the Country, Absence. for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday Call of Sevennight next 1116

Ordered, That all such Members as thall go out of Town without Leave, or that thall not attend at the Call of the House, not having Leave to be absent, be sent for im Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Barkham's vert in': the Manors of Earles Croome, alias Jcffrycs Eiiate.

and Baughton, in the County of Worcester, in Trustees, to

be fold; and for settling the Manor-house and Royalty of IVuinflectSt. Maries, in the County of and divers

Lands, Parcel of the said Manors, of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses; and to enable Sir Robert Barkham Baronet to make Provision for his younger Children;

And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands and Finch's Tenements in Trustees, to be sold, for the better Provi- EAau. fion of the Daughters and Coheirs of Joseph Finch Esquire, deceased:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Mr. Tracy Pauncefort, Prisoner in the paunc«fort Tower of London, was presented to the House, and read; petitions for whereby he acknowleged his Offence, and expressed his re‘exam‘" Sorrow for falling under the Displeasitre of the House; 0

and humbly prayed, That he might be brought to the Bar of the House again; being ready to declare to the House what they thall think fit to require of him.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Deputy-Governor, of his Majesty's Tower of London, to bring the said Mr.

Tracy Pauncefort, in Custody, to attend this House, immediately.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Encourags-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, nva

bufes by

Army

A^cuti.

Committees.

Wauley*

Eiuu.

Kirke*s

Elute.

CarryH'i

Mate.

7 W. Ill 150 — 166 Febru 135

House, to consider of the Bill for the better Encourage-nient of Privateers.

The House, according to the; Order of the Day, proceeded in the* further Consideration of the Complaint of the Inhabitants of Roy/lon ;and. of the Obligations, made by the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, of the Abuses, and ill Practices, of the Agents of the Regiments of the Army:

And Colonel Hastings attending, according to Order;

He was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Lieutenant Turner attending according to order; and also Lieutenant Cole, and Ensign Cole, attending;

They were all three called iu together; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Allb Captain Conorth, attending, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Mr. Tracy Pauneefortattending, according to Order;

He was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Colonel Hajlingsand Mr, Pauneefort were called in

together; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Afterwards Mr. Pauneefort was called in alone; and examined.

And then withdrew*.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracy Pauneefort be remanded back to the 7 ouerof London.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Panne fort do attend the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being examined before them, upon Oath; And that he do immediately after attend this House.

Ordered, That the Governor, Lieutenant-Governor, and Deputy-Governor, of the Tower of , do take care, that Air. Edward Pauneefort be not admitted to speak

with his Brother Mr. Tracy Pauneefort.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Complaints of the Inhabitants of R and of the observations made by the Commissioners for taking and stating the public Accounts of the Abuses, and ill Practices, of the Agents of the Army; be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees, except such as are by Adjournment to fit Tomorrow Morning, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 16* die Septimo Guliehni Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Wanley, an Infant, under the Age

of One-awl-twenty Years, to new-build several Messuages, or Tenements, in Ax-yard,

and to enable his Guardian to make one or more Lease or Leases for effecting the fame; w as read the First time. ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingiolfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the Estate of Jdhn Kirke, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill he read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands, in Kent and Sussex, of John Caryll Esquire, for the Payment of Debts, and raising of Portions for younger Children; and to supply the Dcfefts of a Conveyance intended for those Purposes; was read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vo i. XL

Mr. Boyle reported from the Committee appointed to Trial* for prepare Reafens, to be offered at a Conference with the Tr«^0"* Lords, for dilitgreeing to feme of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprition of Treason, That they had prepared the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons do disagree to the Amendments, i Skin,

L. 16;

Because, Your Lordships, by agreeing to the Bill, though not to the Commencement of it, do allow, That the Bill is necessary for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treafen, and Misprision of Treason: And, if sech a Law be necessary, the Commons cannot think it just or reasonable, that the Hardships in such Tryals (liould continue, and the Lives of innocent persons be exposed, till 1698.

The Commons do disagree to the Amendment, 2 Skin,

L. 2a, to leave out from " and" to " that,' in L. 35, and read, " Be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid

Because, That Clause, for the Limitation of a certain Time, wherein the Offender shall be accused, is necessary for preserving innocent Persons, who, by Length of Time mat be made incapable of making their just Defence.

The Commons do disagree to Clause B;

Because; It is of a different Nature from the rest of the Bill, In which the Lords have an equal Benefit with the Commons J and which extends no further, than to allow the Subject a more equal way of making his Defence, but not of altering the Court, or Method of constituting it

Ordered, That Air. Boyle do go to the Lords and desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon the Amendments to the said Bill.

Mr. Boyle reported, That the Lords did agree to a Conference, presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare the Reafens do manage the said Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Boyle reported that they bad given their ReafenS for disagreeing with the Lords to feme of the Amendments to the said Bill; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

A Bill for the more effectual fiipprelfing of profane Suppression Swearing and Cursing was read a Second time. 01 c"r,1Dff

Refoked, That the Bill be committed, upon die De- weOT" bate of the House, to Mr. Chadwick, Sir Tho.

Sn john Thompson, Mr. England, Mr. Christie, Mr. Hobby,

Air. Stonehouse, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Stokes, Sir JacobAJhley, Mr. Bertie^ Colonel Perry, Mr. Colt, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Major Vincent, Mr. Pigot, Sir John Knight, Air.

Mr. Clark, Mr. How, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Jos. Treden-ham, Mr. Bloufield, Mr. Cooke, Lord Digby, Air! Bos-cawen, Mr. Freke, Mr. Berwyer, Lord Cutts, Mr. Papillion, Mr. White, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Lutterell, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Mr. Sir Fra.

Mussam, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Hungerjord, Sir Hen.

Ashurst, Sir Scroop How: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chambers.

Refoked, That this House will, upon tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Afeans for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying ou the War against France with Vigour.

Ordercdt That the ingrossed Bill, touching free arid impartial Proceedings in Parliament, be read a Third time Parliament, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Th«

Abuses by ArmyAgents

A Member committed for Bribery.

tarl of Thane t's Indentures.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- ceeded in the further Consideration of the Complaints of the Inhabitants of Royston; and of the Observations, made by the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts of the Abuses, and ill Practices, of the several Agents of the Regiments of the Army:

And Mr. Edward Pauncefort, attending, according to Order, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente That Mr. Edward Pauncefort, for contriving to cheat Colonel s Re-

giment of Five hundred Guineas; and for giving a Bribe to obtain the King's Bounty: be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Mr. Henry Guy, a Member of this House, for taking a Bribe of Two hundred Guineas, be committed Prisoner to the Tower of London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an humble Representation, to be made to his Majesty, laying before his Majesty the several Abuses, ill Practices, and intolerable Exactions, of the Agents of the Regiments of the Army, upon the inferior Officers, and common Soldiers whereby they have been forced to raise their Sub-. fistence upon the People: And that the said Representation be allb prepared upon the several Examinations which have been before this House, and upon the Debate of the House thereupon:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Lord Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Ra. Hutton, Sir Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Finch, Mr. Lord

Digby, Colonel Trelawny, Mr. Boyle, Colonel Earle, Mr. IVharton, Lord Fitz-Har, Mr. How, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. England, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Christie, Lord Cults, Mr. Colt, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Lord Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Smith, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Clark, Colonel Leveson, Mr. Colonel Sir

Edward Abney, Sir John ThompMr. Blatfncaite, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Hutchinson, Mr. Nicholas, Mr.il

Mr. Arnold, Colonel Stanley, Mr. Pelham, Lord IVm. 'Pawlet; or any Five of them: And they are to meet on Monday Morning next, at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Pauncefort be brought in Custody to this House upon Monday Morning next.

And than the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lance, 18° die Februarii;

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Barklmm'a for vesting the Manors of Earles ,alias Jeffries

Croonie, and Baughlon, in the County of Worcester, in Trul'tees to be sold; and for settling the Manor-house and Royalty of Wainfleet St. s, in the County of Lincolne, and divers Lands, Parcel of the said Manor,

of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses; and to enable Sir Robert Barkham Baronet to make Prvoifion for

his younger Children; was read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fleming, in Custody of the Ser- A Member jeant at Arms, for absenting hiuiftlf from his Service in ?schr,r^ed. Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying Ins romcu 0 Fees.

A Bill for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks Thames and Weirs upon the River of Thames, westward of the Lacks and City of London-, and for ascertaining the Price of Water- Weil's* carriage upon the said River; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Wm. Whitlock, Sir Tho. Vernon,

Mr. Harcourt, Mr. White, Sir Ra. Dutton, Colonel Perry,

Mr. England, Mr. Ryder, Sir Richard Hart, IN Ir. Lowther,

Sir Jof Tredenham, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Mr.

Palmes, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Christie, Sir John

Knight, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. FreemanMr.

Mr. Blojicld, Mr. Onslow, Mr. FreMr. Pollen, Sir

Jon. Jennings, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Edward Harley, Sir

Robert Eden, Mr. Newport, Mr. Guyn, Mr. How, Sir

John Bollcs, Mr. Colt, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Cooke, Sir

Dashwood, Sir Jenas Elites, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Waller,

Sir Herbert Crofts, Sir John Kay, Mr. Carter, Mr. Falla',

Sir Jof. Herne, Mr. Boyle, Mr. FoleySir Robert Clayton, Mr. Stonehouse, Lord Coninsgby, Sir Fra.; and

all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Berks,

Bucks, Surry, Middlesex, Wilts, and City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- punishing ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Mutiny and mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for ^elerUou*" continuing Two Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for one Year longer.

Mr. Peny presented to the House, according to Order, Assize of a Bill for regulating and better ascertaining the Assize of ®r£ad*

Bread: Aud the same was received.

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming Two Indentures Tripartite, the one of Lease, and the other of Release, made between the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Thanet Island, of the Firli Part; the Honourable Sackvi/e Esquire, < of

the Second Part; and the Honourable William Esquire, and Sir Charles Tufton Knight, of the Third Part; and the Estates thereby settled; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

staff e, Sir William Cooper, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Sir

Tho. Dyke, Sir Fra. Guibon, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Pcndarvis,

Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Mr Wilmot, Mr. Cook, Sir John Bolles, Mr. England, Mr Cheine, Sir JolinKnight, Mr. W, Mr. Roberts, Colonel

Perry, Sir Richard Hart, Mr LoMr. Freeman, Mr.

Frewen, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Mr.

Stonehouse, Mr. Christie, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Fra.Massam, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Scobell: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's' Chamber.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Encourage-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to meat of consider of the Bill for the better Encouragement of ^r*v*teer*-Privateers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had made a considerable Progress in the Bill; and lmd directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, after the ingossed Bill, touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ilouic, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Edward Pauncefort attending, in Custody, ac- e. Pauncefort cording to Order; attends in

Ordered, That he be brought, in Custody to attend this cui, ociy-House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered,

r

7 W. III.

r 8° — 190 Februarii.

237

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, except such as are by ceedings at Law, which he bad commenced against the Adjournment to fit Tomorrow Morning, be adjourned. laid Earl; by which Order the waving of the Privilege of

the Earl and Mr. Granville is recorded.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

k'W

rN

Clifton's

Estate.

Matiis, 19* Februarii;

7® Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters,

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands of Sir Clifton Baronet, in the County of for Payment of Debts, and railing Portions for younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the

Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and

Pit's Deed

of Trust, ke. Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying certain Defects in the Directions made in and by a Deed of Trust, and the lait Will of George Pit Esquire, deceased, for settling his Estate: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the

Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Granville, by way of Reply, infilled, That that Order was made, and the Privilege waved, in another Action, which was determined; and that the said Earl had resumed his Privilege after he had waved the fame: And produced a Copy of an Order of Chancery, of 26 Febr. 32 Car. 11, by which it appeared, That the said Earl and Mr. Granville had contented, both, to wave their Privilege in an Ejectment brought for the Manor of

Marr, against Eliz. Laris;as also a Copy of a Writing,

under the Hand and Seal of the said Earl of dat. 26* Febr. 33 Car. II. by which he insisted on his Privilege of Parliament; and enjoined all Counsellors, Attornies, and Solicitors, not to give him any Trouble for the lame.

Mr. Hungerford, a Member of the House, and Cur-

fitor for Yorkshire, produced a Note under Mr. Granville Hand, whereby he gave him Notice, That he infilled on his Privilege; and therefore desired, that neither Mr. Himgerford, nor any of his Clerks, would make out a Writ of Error in the said Cause.

Mr. Hungerford also informed the Committee, That he had been threatened to have an Action brought against him, if he did not make out the said Writ of Error.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Writ of Error in which a Member is concerned.

Mr. Boyle reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom it was referred to examine and report the Matter touching a Motion, made to the House the Fourth Instant, for Direction to make out a Writ of Error, in a same wherein a Member of this House is concerned, in Interest, and in Possession, upon a Judgment at Law, That they had examined the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; tvs.

That upon producing of the Record to the Committee, they do find,

That in Hilary Term, 34 and 35 Car. 2di. there was an Action of Trespass and Ejectment brought in the Court of King's Bench; wherein Christopher was Plaintiff, and Bernard G Esquire, Defendant;

upon Three several Demises of the Manor of Marr, and other Lands lying in Marr, Bentley, and Thorpe, in the County of York, for Twelve Years: One Demise was of Theophilus Earl of Huntingdon; another of Robert

Earl of Scarsdale;and the Third of Elizabeth Lezris

Widow.

This Cause came to be tried in Easter-Term following; and the Jury found a special Verdict: And 2 Jacobi 2di. after several Continuances by Curia vult, Judg-

ment was entered in the said Court of King's Bench, for the Defendant.

Afterwards, a Writ of Error was brought to remove the Record of the said Judgment out of the Court of King's Bench into the Exchequer Chamber; which Writ of Error bears Test 25 Novem. Jac. 2di.

27® Nov. 6° JVillielmi et Maria, the Judgment given in the King's Bench was affirmed in the Exchequer

Chamber. ——

— Thus it appeared by the Record.

1 Mr. Dighton, being called in, and heard in the Matter, said, That his Name was made use of by the Earls of Huntington and Scar [dale; and that Mr. Granville claimed under an old Statute: That Mr. Granville, feme time since, recovered in the Common Pleas, in an Action of Ejectment, wherein Lewis was Defendant; and thereupon had Possession.

That by this means the Earls of Huntington and Scarsdale became Plaintiffs in the King's Bench.

Mr. Dighton also produced a Copy of an Order of the House of Lords of 14® Nov. 1685; letting forth, That Mr. Granville had petitioned against the Earl of Hunt-

Ordered, That the Grand Committee of Trade do fit Grand Com-every Tuesday, noon.

Thursday, and Saturday, in the After- "I111* of

Trade.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare Abuses m an humble Representation to be made to his Majesty do fit A1 myAg.o

de diem in diem.

Ordered, That the Bill to disable all Persons from voting Electione — in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, who shall incapaci-refuse to take the Oaths to the Government, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next, after a Eleven a oath*. in* Clock.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the W against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had proceeded upon the Charge of the Civil List, from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas 1694; the Consideration whereof was formerly referred to them; and that having postponed several Articles thereof, the Fees and Salaries payable to divers Persons at the Exchequer; and the Bounty-money of their Majesties paid there; and also the Monies paid for Contingencies; they had directed him to move, That an Account of what had been paid, for feme Years pall, upon those Articles and Heads, might be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do forthwith lay before this House an Account of what hath been paid, for the Three preceding Years, upon the said Articles and Heads.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ways and Mean*.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from African tington for claiming* Privilege of Parliament to Hop Pro- the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African ComPa"3r* YouXI. 3 P Company

2 $8 19* —

Com party of England was referred, be adjourned until Friday-Morning next.

E-Pauncefort Mr. Edward Pauncefort attending, in Custody, ac-atten* in cording to Order;

Ordered, That lie be brought, in Custody, to attend

this Iloule Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees, except ftieh as are, by Adjournment, to fit Tomorrow Morning, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 20* die Februarii;

Septimo Guliebni Tertii.

Praters.

E(loft's "\ T K. IVaHer reported from the Committee to whom

Estate. 1VJL the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements, late of John Estoft, of Ft ton, in the County of E (quire, in T rnltees,

to be sold, towareP Payment of the Debts of the said John Extoft, and raising Portions for his Daughters, was committed, That they had foundered the same Bill, and had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; and he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Earl of HocbeiWs

Estate.

Cofierat's, tee. Nat.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Coolce and Sir Lacon WilliAm Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and settling the Estate of the Coheirs of John late Earl of Rochester, deccai'ed; and for discharging the Trusts thereupon: To which they detire the Concurrence of tl.is Iloule: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing of Bernard Cossei'at, alias Mouand

and others.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leave of Absence.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, rhat Mr. Palmer have Leave to go into the Country ipon extraordinary Occasions;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeBe»(witeYe^{^r^n&tol. } 89. TdlersfortbeNo«.{^rr^;^H; } 56-

So it Was resolved in the Affirmative.

Preventing Export of Wool.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the publick Market at Biackwdl-hall: and for Relief of the

Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages; was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next

Psi'er* &c Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap-aper' c‘ pointed to consider of the Act made, the last Session, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, for carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; be made upon Friday Morning next.

Compelling Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to w^om "grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An P. Pindar. AS to compel Edward Williams Esquire to bring forth

24

Februarii. A. 1-694.

the Person of Sir Paul Pindar Baronet, is committed, be made upon Friday Morning next; after the said Report is

over.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Mayor of Leverpoole, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for

Tellers for the Noes,]:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Mayor of Leverpoole be brought to the Bar of this House To-inorrow Morning, in order to his Dillharge.

) *33-

| no.

Ordered, That the Bill for the importing Wines, and other Gootls, from Spaine, P, and Italy, of the Grow th of those Countries, in English and built

Ships, manned with Seamen of those Countries, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, in Three Places of the Bill, by leaving out " " and in-

ferring " March

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill. in Two Places, by leaving out " or his," and insertile " his Heirs, or

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the BiH amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingossed Clause w as offered, as a Rider, That the Stile uled in this Act shall not alter the Settlement contained in an Act, made in the Pint Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

/Mr. How,

J'\Mr. Harley:

/Lord Coning

'/Sir Wm. Strickland.

Tellers for the Noes

So it passed in the Negative. Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

142.

175-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

Mr. Edward. Pauncefort attending, in Custody, according to Order;

Ordered, That he be brought, in Custody, to attend this House, Tomorrow Morning.

And then foe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue a Clock.

Committees.

A person to be discharged from Custody.

Importing

Portugal

Wines.

Free Proceedings in Parliament.

Encouragement of Privateers.

E.Pauncefort attends in Custody.

W.' M.

2i ° Februarii-

*39

Heei

>n to ‘*Sed

'Mj.

Leave of Absence,

West-

Thorock

Inundation,

Leave of

Absence.

Finch's

Estate.

at

Bark ham's Euate.

Jovis, 21® die Februarii i Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

/~\RDERED, That Mr. W have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Francis have Leave to

go into the Country for Recovery of his Health, and upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Poor of Cobham College, and the Proprietors of Lands, now under Water, in W in the County of Esse.v,was re-committed, be made upon Tuesday Morn-

ing next

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Windham have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed, Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to velt certain Lands and Tenements in Trustees, to be sold, for the better Provision of the Daughters and Coheirs of Joseph Finch Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to christ-whom the Bill for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish Church > of Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, to make Rates M Ulfl, rs

Maintenance.

Brook,',

Esau.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manors of Earles alias Jeffries

Croome, and Baugh ton, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling the Manor-house and Royalty of Wainfteet St. Mary's, in the County of Lincolne, and divers Lands, Parcel of the said Manor, of greater Value, to and upon the same Uli‘s; and to enable Sir Robert Barkham to make Provision for his younger Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. W Sir John Holies, Sir Rowland Lord Mr.

Christie, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Roberts, Mr. Travers, Mr. Frelee, Sir Sam. Mr, Whcate,

Mr. How, Mr. Hungerjord, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cook, Mr.

Lutterell, Sir Fra. Guibon, Sir Ayscough, Mr.

Levees, Mr. Lozether, Mr. GzMr. Hedger, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bhyield, Sir Win.Rich, Mr. Sir Jo.

Moreton, Sir Fra.Massam, Mr. Shepherd, Sir Edzeard Hussey, Mr. Harcourt; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worcester ind Lincolne: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message Horn the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Madely, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Salop, the Ellate of Bazill Brooke. Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Monies for the Payment of Debts, and for securing his Wife's Jointure: To which they desire the Concurrence of this Hoafc.

Andi then the Messengers withdrew.

for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister; and for impowering the Trustees of Mr. Marshall's Will to employ Monies for erecting a Steeple to the said Church, and furnishing the same with Belts; was committed, That they had considered the feme; and also the Petition of divers of the Trustees of the said John Mar~ shall's Will, and of the Owners of Houses and Lands, and Inhabitants, of the said Parish; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Bickerstaffe presented to the House, according to Rec*y*ri#g

Order, a Bill for the more ealy Recovery of small Tythes: Smahfythes. And the laine was received.

- The Mayor of Lcrerpcole was, according to Order, Privilege-brought to the Bar; where be, upon his Knees, had a a p*r n^>H Reprimand from Mr. Speaker. and dif.

Ordered, That he be discharged out of Custody, charged, where he had lain, since the 11th of January last, for his great Mjldemeanors, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Writof Error Privileges and Elections, to whom it was referred to exa- jj^er is mine and report the Matter touching a Motion, made to concerned. the House the 4th Inliant, for Direction to make out a Writ of Error, in a same wherein a Member of this House is concerned, in Interest, and in Pofltlfion, upon a Judgment at Law; and which was laid upon the Table to be |>ermed by the Members of the House; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Pauncefort, attending, in Custody, according to Paunrelbrt

Order, was called in; and acquainted by Mr. Speaker, by acquainted Order of the House, That the House conceived he had ar*

not dealt iiigcnuoul)}; but had prevaricated with them; nnt satis-and that he was to attend the Cotinmlfioners for taking fadlory. and stating the publick Accounts, to be examined upon Oath .* And that in cate he did not anfiwer clearly, and fetisfaftorily, the House would proceed against him with all Rigour and Severity.

And then he withdrew.

Sir Stephen Foa, from the Lords Commissioners of the Fees and Treasury, presented to die House, according to Order, |8la5'*s 84 Accounts of the Fees and Salaries payable to divers Per- xc e1uer' foils at the Exchequer; and of the Bounty-monies of their Majesties paid there; and also of the Monies paid for Contingencies, for the last Three Years; and he delivered the same in at die Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1

XL

Ay

240

21° Februariu

A. 1694;

19 Febr. 1694.

Ah ACCOUNT of Fees and Salaries payable to divers Persons at the Exchequer.

£ <*.

Lord Presideot ----- --.....- 1,500---

Lord Privy-Sad, 4 L per diem ----- ----- - - 1,460 ——

Two Secretaries of State, each too L per Annum - -- -- - 200---

Twelve Judges of the Three Courts of Law, each ! ,000 L ----- -- 12,000 ——

Two Judges of Chester, 500 £ and 200l. per Ann. - -- -- - 700---

Eleven Matters in Chancery, each loo/. - -- - 1,100---

Puifiie Baron .....-..... 96 13 4

Attorney General ----- ----- - - - - 8168

Solicitor General - - - - _ - - 70---

Earl of Portland, Groom of the Stole, and First Gentleman of the IWchamher - 2,000 — —

Nine oilier Gentlemen of the Bedchamber, each 1,000l. - - - - 9,000 — —

Eight Grooms of the Bedchamber, each 500l. - - 4,000---

Mailer of the Ceremonies - -- - 300---

Assistant to the Mailer of the Ceremories - - - - 121134

Marshal of the Ceremonies - -- - 100---

Mr. Hill, Latin Secretary - - - -.- - 80 — —

Mr. Heuihaw, French Secretary - - - 66 134

Earl of Ruinney, Mailer General of the Ordnance - 175 18 4

Sir Henry Goodrich, Lieutenant General of the Ordnance - 66134

Sir Tho. Littleton, Clerk of the same - -- - 36 10 —

John Chariton, Surveyor, the like, - - - 36 10 —

Mr. Musgrave, Clerk of the Deliveries - - - - 185 —

Charles Bertie, Treasurer of the Ordnance ----- ----- - 40---

Wm. Meefters, Store-keeper of the Ordnance - - - 54 *5 —

Mr. Gardner, Keeper of the Small Anns - - - - - - - 15 42

John Fitch, Work-matter - - - 120---

Richard Leak, Master Gunner - - - - 36 10 —

Four Clerks of the Privy Council, each 250/. - -- -- - 1,000---

Clerks, and others, in the Plantation Office, about - -1,163---

Keepers of the Council-Chamber, each 45 L 12s 6d. - - 91 5 —

Ten Serjeants at Arms, each 100l. Js. 6d. per Ann. ----- -- 1,003 15 —

Sir Tho. St. George, Garter King at Arms - -- 100 — —

Sir Hen. St George, Clarencieux King at Arms - - - 40 ——

Sir John Dugdale, Norroy King at Arms ----- ----- - 40 — —

Six Herald at Arms, each 40 Marks per Ann. - - - 160 -

Four Pursuivants at Arms, each 20/. per Ann. - - - 80 ——

Earl of Bath, House-keeper at St James's - - - 80 — —

Lord Fitz-Harding, Keeper of the Mall - - - - 100 -

Lord Villers, Keeper of Hide-Park, --- ----- -- - 200 — —

Earl of Rochester, Keeper of New-Park, at 6 s.per diem - 109 10 —

Earl of Dorset, for Keepers of Greenwich Park - - - 100 — —

Mrs. Elliot, House-keeper at New-market ----- ----- - 200 — —

Robert Ford, House-keeper there - - - - . - 36 10 —

Henry Villiers Esquire, Keeper of the Tennis-Court - 132 34

John Branch, Keeper of Battle's Walk - - - 50---

William Clark, Keeper of Bagshot-Rails - - . - 30---

Under-Keepers of St. James's Park - - - 60---

Michael Studholme, Keeper of the Roads, about - -- -- - 97 6 8

Simon de Brienne, Housekeeper at Kensington - -- 300 -

Richard Bentley, Library-keeper - - - 200-----

Peter Guignon Beaubifibn, Keeper of the Bows - . - 585 —

Ditto, as Keeper of the private Armoury - - . - 100 -

Rudolph Kien, Closet-keeper ----- ----- - - 200 ——

Richard Welbeck, Stable-keeper at Reading - - - 1234

Keeper of the Parliament House ----- ----- - 926

Sir Joseph Williamson, Keeper of the Paper-Office - - 160 — —

Sir Chr. Wren, Surveyor of the Works - - - - . - - - 45126

W'illiam Talman, Comptroller - ----- ----- - 2776

Thomas Lloyd, Paymaster - - _ - 36 10 —

Matter Mason and Matter Carpenter, each 18/. 5s. - - 36 10 —

Purveyor of the Works - -- -- 1234

William Dickenson, Clerk, Ingrosser of the Works - - 66134

To William Ireland, Matter Glazier - . - ig ig

To Charles Atherton, Serjeant Plumber - - - . . - ig 5 —

Alexander Fort, Matter Joiner - _ . _ 52126

Matter Bricklayer and Matter Plasterer, each 18/. 5 s. - r - . _ . - 36 10 —

Matter Carver - -- -- - i-... - 27 76

Matth. Roberts, Plumber at Windsor - - - . . _ _ . 185 —

John Norris, Joiner of the Privy-Chamber - - - . _ _ _ 19118

Earl of Abington, Justice in Eyre, Trent South - - - . _ , _ . 166 134

Earl of Portland, Superintendant of the Gardens 7 . 200 __

Monsieur

i 'i* Februark

7 w. ra.

Monsieur Averquerc, Mailer -of the Horse - <- -

Duke of Devon, Chief Justice in Eyre, Trent North

Mr. Simon H«rcoart, Sec<Kidaiy, of the Crown Office - -

Henry Harris, Graver of the Seals and Arms -

Ditto, as Yooman of the Revels - -

Charles Killigrew, <as Mefter of 'the Revels «-

Apothecary of the Household - - w -

Mailer of the Barges -

Clerk of the Fines ——

Wardrobe-keeper at Westminster ——

Walter Laycock, Surveyor of the Woods, Trent North

Philip Riley, the like, Trent South ——

Sir Tho. Pinfold, Judge Advocate ——

Officers of Waltham (Forest - -

Mr. Goddard, Governor of Bermudas -John, Philip, and Joseph, Rotiers, Gravers of the Mint, 150/. each -Knight Harbinger ——

Christ. Tankred, Maftdr of the Harriers

Tho. Pollen, Master of the Studs ——

Tho. Felton, Master Of the Hawks ——

Mr. Tate, Poet Laureat ——

Mr. Ryifier, Historiographer ——

Mr. Jodrell, Clerk of the Hoofe of Commons - -

Vice-Chamberlain of the Household ——

Five Lords Commissioners of die Treasury -

Four Agents for Taxes, their Clerks and Messengers -

Two Auditors of Imprelts, each 66 13 s. 4 -Joint Shales, Auditor -

Robert Russel, Clerk of the Pipe ——

William Whitacre, Foreign Opposer ——

John Talure, a Secondary ——

Arnold Squib, Clerk of the Nichils ——

Secondaries in the Pipe Office -

Wm. Eall, Clerk of the Eftneats in the Common-Pleas -

Sir John Olbome, Treasurer's Remembrancer - -

John Hastings, Clerk of Foreign Estreats -

Thomas Marryot, Clerk of the Pleas -

John Pottinger, Comptroller of the Pipe -

Mr. Blackwell, Secondary of the Treasurer's Remembrancer

Andr. Lawrence, late Surveyor of the Ways - -

John Thompson, Solicitor for Taxes ——

Conservator and Keepers of Dean Forest -Aaron Smith, Solicitor for Law-suits, &c.

Mr. Burridge, Riding Surveyor in New Forest

141

£ V. <L

- '- - - 13 4

- - - - TOO --

50 -

- - - - 50 ——

926 - 10 — —

- - - - S3 6 8

- - - - So -

- - '- 20 ——

325 —

50 -

50 ——

- - - - 26 — —

- 233 10 —

- - - v- 240 ——

- 450 -

- 195 16 8

506 — — 200 ——

- 1,372 id —

106 -

200 -

- . lo — —

600 — ---

- - - 8,000 ——

- 880 — —

- i33 6 8

- - 200 ——

107 4 2

40 ——

- - 30 4

- - - 20 ——

20 -

- - - 20 — — ‘

64 2 1

96 13 4

5 -

40 -

36 10 —

- - 200 ——

- - - 210 ——

200 -

9 2 6

Total £55,134 — 3 N

Memorandum: — The Termly and other Allowances of the Officers of the Receipt do amount to about 1,800l. per Ann. more.

An ACCOUNT of what hath been paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, vrithih the Three Years ended fit

Michaelmas 1694, for their Majesties Bounty.

In the Year ended at Michaelmas 1692 In the Year ended at Michaelmas 1693 In the Year ended at Michaelmas 1694

33, MO

29,714

s.

16

16

6

d.

6

U

Hi

£ 88,044 *9 Gf

In

la

In

And for Contingenciesviz.

Rents for Lands, Allowances, and Incidents to the Commissioners of Accounts, Removes of Prisoners, Discounts, Law-Charges, Liberates of the Exchequer, Presents to Indian Princes, Messengers Bills, Receivers, Rewards, Charges on Loans, extraordinary Services and Expences, Printers Bills, Rewards for taking Highwaymen, SurpLufag«9 of Accounts, &c.

the Year ended at Michaelmas 1692 the Year ended at Michaelmas 1693 the Year ended at Michaelmas 1694

- - 32,026 5 i$

- 42,045 4 8f

, 39,987 19 3i

Vol. XL

114,059 9

3 Q Ordered,

1

Ways and Meauf.

Ptini (hing Mutiny and Desertion.

Leave of Absence.

Earl of Roc belter's Estate.

Fleetwood's

Estate.

242 21° —

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-fblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War. against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he w'as directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, refclve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole

n ' i

House, to consider of the Bill for continuingTwo former Acts, for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

And tlion the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris,22* die; 7*Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Mhave Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Etterickhave Leave to go into the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health, and upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplyn, being very ill, have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Blinco have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That no Motion for Leave for any Member to go out of Town be made before Twelve o'Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the dividing and settling the Estate of the Coheirs of John late Earl of Rochester, deceased; and for discharging the Trusts thereupon; was read the First time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon William Childe:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the ratifying and confirming a certain Indenture of Lease of

Februarii. A, 1694.

Marton Meare, in the County of Lancaster, made by the

Earl of Derby, and others, to Thomas Fleetxvood Esquire: And Also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jonathan JVebb Esquire, for Discharge of Debts and

Incumbrances charged thereupon: And a!l >,

A Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of James Earl of Salisbury to make Leases ot Salisbury-House, and some other Hereditaments in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, for Improvement thereof by Building:

To which the Lords detire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, That they had proceeded upon the Charge of the Civil List from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas 1694; the Consideration whereof was referred to them; and had come to several Resolutions thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Cofferer's Office, for Ordinaries, and Extraordinaries, be a Sum not exceeding 90,000l. per Annum.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the Treasurer of the Chamber's Office be a Sum not exceeding 30,000 Ann.

3. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the great Wardrobe be a Sum not exceeding 12,000l. per Annum.

4. Rc/idced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of the Office of the Robes be a Sum not exceeding 4,000l. per Ann.

5. Rt/hived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the ordinary Charge of the Office of the Works be a Sum not exceeding 6,000l. per Annum.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Gardens be a Sum not exceeding 2,000l. per Ann.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the ordinary Charge of the Office of the Stables, on settled Allowances, be a Sum not exceeding 8,376/. "]s. 6d. per Annum.

8. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the extraordinary Charge of the Office of the Stables, during the War, be a Sum not exceeding 10,000l. per Annum.

9. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge of Foreign Ministers, for Ordinaries and Extraordinaries, be a Sum not exceeding 30,676/. 7 7

per Ann.

1 o. Re Jived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge for Bounty-money be a Sum not exceeding 20,000l. per Annum.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge to Persons on Fees and Salaries, payable at the Exchequer, over and above w hat. paid to the Officers of the Customs, Excile, Poll-Office, Qc. or by the Receivers thereof, be a Sum not exceeding 50,000 per Annum.

12. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Petitions or Annuities, charged as Part of the Civil List, above the Sum of 200l. per Ann. except the Charity of 350/. 1 os. per Ann. to s Hospital, be

suspended during the War.

13. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

Webb'*

Estate.

Earl of

Salisbury7*

Estate.

Leave of

Absence.

Ways and Means.

e.

of

of

ce.

and

Duties on Paper, &c.

Compelling the production of Sir P. Pindar.

African

Company.

Ways

and Means.

7 W. III. 22° — 230 Februarii. 2-13

That all other Pensions and Annuities, payable out of any Branches of the Revenue, except as aforesaid, be suspended during the War.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge to the Band of Penfioqers fee «. Suujnot exceeding t>,000 I. per Ann.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Charge to the Queen Dowager be a Sum not exceeding 12,000 I. per Ann

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge to the Prince and Prinpefs of Denmark be a Sum not exceeding 50,000 I. pa'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge for secret Services be a Sum not exceeding 10,000 /. per Ann.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Privy Purle, during the War, be a Sum not exceeding 30,0001, per Ann.

Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge for Plate and Jewels be a Sum not exceeding 4,0001, pa' Ann.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge for Contingencies, Liberates for the Exchequer, Printers Bills, Messengers Bills of the Court and Receipt of the Exchequer, Incidents to Commissioners of Accounts, Law-Charges, Surplusages of Accounts, Rewards, for apprehending Highwaymen, Receivers Rewards, 8,'C. be a Sum not exceeding 40,000 I. per Ann.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge for the Payment of her late Majesty s Servants, and Debts, for the Year 1695, be a Sum not exceeding 50,0001.

The First Twelve of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time; were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Thirteenth Rel'olution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " and that no other Pension already granted or to be " granted, shall be paid during the War:'

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, so amended, That all other Pensions and Annuities payable out of any Branches of the Revenue, except as aforesaid, be suspended during the War: and that no other Pension already granted, or to be granted, ilia.ll he paid during the War.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, made the last Session, for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to compel Edvard Williams Esquire to bring forth the Person of Sir Paul Pindar Baronet, is committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England was referred, be further adjourned until TucfdayMorning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr.Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

V01. XI.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the lVl Con'" e,

That they had made a further Broercls in the M u< them referred; and had directed him to move, Aiiatil.ey may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That tliL House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole IIoulv, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing tut Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That all Committees, excepj such as are by Committees. Adjournment to lit Tomorrow Morning, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 23® die Februarii;

7® Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN inarofled Bill frorrf foe Lords, intituled, An Act Caryir* to vest in Trustees certain Lands in Kent and , Estate.

of John Cary/l Esquire, for the Payment of Debts, and raising of Portions for younger Children; and to supply the Defects of a Conveyance intended for those Purposes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Machell,

Mr. England, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Sir Tho. Roberts,

Sir Era. Guibon, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Era. Blake, Sir Tho.

Dyke, Mr. Hedger, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Stokes, Mr.

Campion, Mr. Burring ton, Mr. Low Sir Wm. Drake,

Mr. Christie, Mr. Holt, Mr. Fuller, Sir Walt. Yong, Mr.

Lampton, Mr. Onsloxc, Sir Wm. Thomas, Kit. Sir

Rich. Onsloxc, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Maxvdit, Mr. Boyle', and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Four of the Clock, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Brook'* for the vesting the Manor of Madely, and other Lands, Estate. Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of the Estate of Bazil Brook Esquire, in Trustees, for raising Monies for the Payment of Debts, and for securing his Wife's Jointure, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Mr. Harcourt, according to the Order of the Day, re- Duties on ported from the Committee appointed to consider of the Paper, &c. Act made the last Session for laving several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; That they had considered the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the Matter to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Stationers Complaints.

ill, That the Commissioners trade themselves, as Stationers; and have secured and ingossed the greatest Part of the Stationers trade to themselves, and their Agents.

On Examination of this Complaint, and of the Commissioners Proceedings, it appeared to the Committee;

That, on the lit of June last, the Commissioners lent to the Company of Stationers to deli re them to meet, and consider whether they would give Security to supply the whole Kingdom with Paper and Parchment necessary, at reasonable and ul'ual Rates.

That, on the 5th of June, the Company gave their Answer, That, as a Company it was not practicable for them to give such Security, or to lerve the Commissioners.

Thereupon, Proposals were made to the Commissioners by Mr. Vincent and Mr. Baskett; but their Proposals

were

Duties on Paper, &c.

£44

-25° Febrttaru.

A. 1694.

.were rejected; lifter which, the Commissioners contracted, «but not in Writing, with Three wholesale Stationers; viz. Colonel Hadly, Captain and Mr. Baskett,

to supply them with sufficient Quantities of Paper and Parchment for their Office; and serve the whole Kingdom.

It appeared to the Committee that Mr. Vincent and Mr. Basket had proffered to supply the Commissioners ait much cheaper Rates than the Commissioners afterwards agreed for with the Three Stationers: And that the Three Stationers, considering the extraordinary Price the Commissioners paid them, get at least 30 /. and, by some Goods, 401, per Cent.

The Reasons the Commissioners gave, why they contracted with the Three Stationers, and not with Mr.

Vincent, were;

lit, Because, out of the Monies they paid the Three Stationers, for Paper and Parchment, they discounted 10 /. per Cent, to the King; all which was answered to the King: And that whatever the Profit was, over and above the 10 I. per Cent the Three Stationers got themselves;

and the Commissioners themselves made no manner of Profit by the buying or selling Paper or Parchment.

2dly, That they took a Discount of 10 /. per Cent, to the Kipg; because they might not under-fell the other retail Stationers in Town.

3dly, That, in Mr. Vincents Proposels, there was no Allowance of any Profit to the King; nor any Allowance for the outside Quires: And therefore they thought the Proposels of the Three wholesale Stationers more real'on-able; and contracted with them.

On Examination of that Part of the Complaint, which charged the Commissioners with ingrossing the Trade; It was proved on the behalf of the Commissioners;

That all the Paper the Commissioners had sold at their Office, before Christinas last, was but 100 Reams.

'That all the Paper and Parchment they sold at their Office, before Christmas last, was fold for no more than

115/-

Thatj all the Paper they had fold in London, and sent into the Country, before Christmas last, did not amount to 1,800 Reams; of which, the Commissioners said, a great Part remained yet unfold; the Duty not being yet answered tq them by their Agents:

But the Commissioners could give no particular Answers to what Quantities of Parchment they had fold, or what Quantities of Paper or Parchment they had bought of the Three Stationers;

The Stationers Answer to these Proofs were j That, the Three Stationers, before Christmas last, delivered a, Bill of 4,0001, to the Commissioners for Paper and Parchment:

That the Three Stationers ingrofe all into their Hands, tq supply the Commissioners: And, in a particular Instance, proved,

That Mr. Basket bought of one Person, of,

9,600 Skins of Parchment; besides a great Quantity that he bought at Bristoll, and other Places; and has since been with many of the greatest Dealers in Parchment, to buy all they had,

Another Complaint made by the Stationers was* Stationers Second Complaint.

That the Corm^ffipners allow their Agents in the Country 1 s. Gd.iiitne Pound Discount, out of all the King's Duty whiph axifes from the Goods their Agents fell in the Country; and also Time for Payment; but deny the Stationers the same Allowances, on prompt Payment. The Commissioners admit, That they allow their Agents in the Country 1 s. 6 cLper Pound Discount; but no Time of Payment after the Duty came to their Hands: But said, That the Stationers in Town refuse to serve the Country on the same Terms.

They did likjewife admit, That they allowed the Stationers bu 20 s. out of every intire Sum of 50 L they paid

at one Payment for the KmgYDutyjxir dfe Three Two-months Credit.

That they made this Allowance to the Stationers ‘by Direction from the Commissioners of the Trestfury; and -that the Reason -their own Agents in the Country 'had n greater Allowance was, in respect of their Travelling from Place to Place in the ‘Country, and other Charges and Expectces.

The Stationers Desire, as -to this Particular, was, to have an equal Deduction with the Country Agents, or proportionable Discount on prompt Payment; and that they might have such a Discount out of finalletSums than 50 /.

It was further alleged, and proved, by the Commissioners, That all the Paper and Parchment which was sold at their Office, was fold much cheaper than the Stationers fell.

To which the Stationers answered, They sold as cheap as the Commissioners, when they Ibid.in Quantities; but that in felling Angle Papers, or very small Parcels, sometimes they exceeded the Price; which they hoped they were excusable for doing; having loft great Part of their Trade.

Stationers Third Complaint.

It was also proved by the Stationers, That the Duty laid by the Act was too high; that they could trade fur ther with 100l. Stock before the Act, than with 1,000l. since; the Duty on every Ream of Paper, stamjied with the 6 d. Stamp, amounting to 12/.; which appeared to the Committee to be true.

Chancery.

The next Complaint made to the Committee was by the Officers of the Court of Chancery, lft, That, by reason of many Doubtful and general Words in the Act, the Suitors in that Court had, for fear of the Penalty in the Act, paid the Duty for many things not intended to be charged; and for others several times over; which they made appear by many Instances.

P. 384. The Act: charges for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, on which any Grants, or Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of , or Seal or the Duchy of Lancaster, or of any Honour, Dignity, Franchise, Promotion, Liberty, or Privilege, or Exemplifications of the fame, or any of them, should be ingrossed or written, the Sum of 40 s.

Letters Patents. The General Words of Letters Patents in this Clause include Commissions of Rebellion, which are but Processes of that Court; Sheriffs Patents, Writs of Assistance, Commissions of Bankrupts, Commissions of Assize, and Association, and of Si non omnes; which were supposed never intended to be charged by the

Aa

It is doubted by the Officers of this Court, whether there is not the same Duty payable for the Inrolment of Letters Patents, and also for estreating them into the Exchequer, which is only for the Benefit of the King, as is payable for the Letters Patents.

P. 387. The Act charges every Skin of Vellum, or Parchment, or Sheet of Paper, on which any Decree or Diliniffion should be made in any Court of Equity with the Sum of 6 d.

By reason of these general Words a Duty may be demanded Four Times over for the same thing, and sometimes oftener; viz.

lft, The Decretal Order.

2dly, For the Doquet of it.

3dly, For the Inrolment of it.

4thly, For the Exemplification of it.

And afterwards, any Copy be taken, the Duty tnuft be paid a Fifth time for that Copy.

Proceedings in the Court of Equity in the Exchequer are subject to be taxed several times over, in the same manner.

Habeas corpus. P. 388. Every Habeas Corpus is charged with the Sum of 5 s.

It is supposed, That the Act designed only to charge such Writs of Habeas Corpus with that Duty, which were

25 brought

Decree or

Dismission.

7 W. III. 23"

*45

brought for the removing of any Cause out of one Court with that Duty, except a Recognizance for the Payment Duties on into another; and not such Writs which were merely Pro- of Money; And also, Whether the Commission, which is Paper/w. ceflTes of any Court. anuexed to the Record of Nisi prius, bluing out of the

This was likewise proposed to the Committee, from Court of Exchequer, which is but in the Nature of a the several Officers of the other Courts in Westminster- Distringas, ought to pay any greater Duty than a Writ of hall. Distringas pays.

Petitions. It was also proved, That for Petitions, though not particularly charged by the Act, yet, by rea-fonof general and doubtful Words in the Act, a Duty was forced to be paid before they could be answered.

Injunctions. That upon every Injunction out of Chancery a double Duty might be demanded; one for the Writ, and another for the Doquet.

Exemplifications. It likewise appeared to the Committee, That Exemplifications are dunged, and pay lb many several Duties of 5 s. as there are Skins of Parchment; not one Angle Duty of 5 s.

This was likewise objected by the other Courts in West-tnimler-hall.

There are divers Allocaturs and Kroner a turs figued on Sheriffs Accounts, in the Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office in the Exchequer, which arc for Allowance of Monies expended by the Sheriffs in Discharge of Debts taken in Charge, and that prove illcviable; and these, being a Sort of Judgments, fall under 2 s. 6d. each Duty: But it is a Doubt, by the Officers of the Court, whether directly within the Intention of the Words, <c Judgments signed," in the Act: If they are, it is a further Charge on all Sheriffs.

There are also Copies of Seizures and Inquisitions, made purely for the King's Debt, to be sent over to the Clerk of the Pipe, which fall under a Duty of 6 d. a Sheet, by the Words " of Copies of Records, or Proceedings, " in any of the Courts at Westminster."

King's-Bench.

P. 389. The Act charges on every Skin, or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, upon which any Record of Nisi prius, or postal, should be ingrolfed or written, the Sum of 2s. Cd.

Nisi prius. Upon hearing the Officers of the Court of King's-Bench to this Clause, it appeared, That if this Clauic were literally taken, mo<t Records of Nisi prius would be charged with a much greater Duty than the

m O O /

Act mentions; for that those Records arc wrote in very narrow Pieces of Parchment; and where there are special Pleadings which often happen in Cuules of lit mil Value, there are so many of those linall Pieces of Parchment, in one Record of Nisi prius, that the Duty would amount to

20 or 30 s.or upwards.

P. 393. The Act charges Gd. a Sheet for the Copy of any Record.

Copies of Records. The Greatnels of which Duty, as it was proved, wholly obstructed the taking forth of any such Copies.

These Two last Clauses equally concerned the Courts of Common Pleas and Exchequer.

Common Picas.

P. 389. The Act charges every Judgment, in any of the Courts at Westminster, with the Sum of r v. G><1.

These general Words seem to include common Recoveries, which nevertheless have not paid such a Duty.

It was desired the Act, in that respect. might be explained; and also as to interlocutory Judgments, and Judgments on any Scire facias.

Exchequer.

The Act charges every Piece of Parchment on which any "Writ is ingossed with the Sum of 6d.

These general Words charge all Writs, which issue out of the Exchequer, for his Majesty's Profit only.

P. 399. The Act charges, that nothing shall be wrote on any Parchment, or Paper, until such Parchment or Paper be stamped.

This is impracticable by the Rules and Methods of the Court of Exchequer; in many Instances, there being a Necessity to enter several Rules on the Backs of many of their Writs, after the Writs are actually returned.

P. 38,5. The Act, charges for every Skin of Vellum, or Parchment on which any Grant shall pals, under the Seal of the Exchequer, 40 s.

These General Words do include all Leases on Outlawries, which are granted to the Profeculors at their very great Charge, and are grantable ex just it ice.

P. 389. The Act charges every Recognizance with the Sum of 5 s.

General Doubts and Complaints by all the Courts.

1 ft, It was proposed to the Consideration of the Committee, by the Officers of every Court in Whether the general Rules, that were not pronounced in their respective open Courts, ought to pay the Duty, by reason of the doubtful Words in the Act, of any Rule or Order being given.

2d, That if it was the Intention of the Act to charge all such Rules, it was itnprafticable and impossible to have every particular Rule statnped; it being the Method in the several Courts to enter those common Rules so close together, that there is not Space enough for those Stamps to be set.

3d, That the Stamps are not lb carefully fixed to the Paper and Parchment, but that they many times come off, and are loft.

4. That the Words " Notarial Act, Contract, and other " Proceedings whatlocver," in the several Clauses following 394, and 406, are so very doubtful, that they expose all Persons to the Forfeiture.

P. 404 — 5. That the Act of Parliament exempts Paupers from the Payment of this Duty; which, as the Act is penned, may prove very dangerous to the Officers of the several Courts, who have no Methods of proving who are Paupers, and who are not, if they should be called to an Account for the fame, at any Distance of Time.

6. The Greatness of the Forfeiture may prove the Ruin of many Persons, who may ostend by reason of any doubtful Construction of the said Act.

Inferior Courts.

P. 386. For Admittance of any Officer, fyc. in any Court whatsoever, a Duty of 40.?. is payable.

This extends to Serjeants, and all inferior Officers, admitted in Corporations, and other inferior Courts: Which was complained of as a great Hardllrip.

By express Words, the Proceedings in inferior Courts of Law and Equity arc charged.

It was alleged, That these Courts, and particularly the Court of Stannary, were for the Ease and Benefit of the Suitors; and that this Act was a very great Charge to them.

Certificates of Marriages. P. 388. That Seamens Widows, whole Husbands have lost their Lives at Sea, in the King's Service, are forced to pay for their Certificates; for, by the Custom of the Navy-Board, they cannot receive their Husband's Pay, though they have taken out Administration, without a Certificate: Which b also complained of as a Grievance.

Inrollment-Offic*. P. 387. The Act charges every Deed, which shall be inrolled, with a Duty of 5 s.

It was proposed to the Committee, Whether the Intent of the Act was, That all Deeds should be charged which It was proposed to the Committee, Whether it was are iorolled for safe Custody only; or whether, only those -toe Intent of the Act to charge any other Recognizance Deeds should be charged which operate by Inrollment. \«l.XI. ' 3 K It

2146 Februarii. . A.\6<)g.

on

Piper, &c.

It was also proposed, That the great Difference of the Duty, which was laid by the Act, between Deeds inrolled and not inrolled, hath, in a great measure, prevented many Inrollments since the passing of the said Act; whereby that Office was very much prejudiced.

The Two Universities.

P. 386. Every Skin, or Piece of Vellum, or Parchment, or Piece of Paper, upon which any Register, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate, taken in either of the Two Universities, shall be ingrossed or written, is charged with a Duty of 40 s.

It was desired this might be lb explained, That a Duty of 40 s. might not be paid for the Entry or llegifter of every Degree; for generally very many Degrees arte registred in the same Sheet or Skin of Parchment; and if every Degree was to pay, instead of charging every Skin Or Sheet with 40 s. the Charge on every Sheet or Skin might arise to 100l.; sometimes to 200l.

It was urged, on the behalf of the Universities,

That Degrees in the Universities were no Advantage to the Graduates, but merely Qualifications for future Preferments: All which are taxed by the Act:

That the greatest Number of Graduates are Bachelors of Arts, who are not generally able to pay the Charge Of 40$.:

That the Degree of Matter of Arts is thought unnecef-Tary by many Persons; and so great a Duty will very much discourage the taking that Degree:

That the Degree of Bachelor of Divinity is very bur-denfome,-and scarce taken by any but such who are forced to it by the Statutes of their College.

It was also desired, That the Word " Testimonial, or " Certificate," might be declared to extend only to a Testimonial under the Seal of the University; and not of a private College.

Some other Doubts on the Construction of the Act.

Whether Surrenders of Copyholds ought to pay a Duty of $s.

Whether Indorsements, on any Deed of any Assignment, Surrender, or otherwise, are to be stamped.

Whether Informations, Indictments, Processes, Rules, Orders, which are for his Majesty's Benefit; Respites of Recognizances, Perea ture of I flues, Confession of Pleas, Noli pros. Cesset processus, Warrants of and

Tales, or to acknowlege Satisfaction, or to any manner of Writs signed by his Majesty's Attorney General; Informations, Affidavits, or Examinations, taken by Justices of the Peace in their Office; Respite of Execution by any Court or Judge, written in the Calendar Circuit, tend Newgate Pardons; Mitigation of a Fine set -rorem, or Remittitur entered the same Term; and Justices Recognizances; are not chargeable under divers general Words in the Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

of Bolton: And that he acquainted them; That the Lords do agree, that the Word " Five," shall stand in the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason; but that they do insist on their other Amendments, to which this House disagreed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Fane have Leave to go into Leave the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That the Lord Norries have I.eave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole an4 House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising Wcans* the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon /

Morning next.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he wras directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,(*‘r ' [Sir Walter Young:

Tellers for the Noes, ftIr

' [Sir Win. Drake:

So it w'as resolved in the Affirmative.

66.

44*

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 25* die Februarii;

7# Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Woflafton'* to enable Hannah Wollaston Widow, and Jonathan Kllate* her Son, an Infant, to fell certain Lands and Tenements in Warnford, in the County of Southampton, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, according to the Will of Richard Wollaston Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,"

l^rds desire The Lords desire a present Conference with this House,

a ouference. Upon Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships desire.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Boyle reported, That they had met the Lords at the Conference: And that it was managed by the Duke 16

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable the Guard tans of James Earl of to make Salisbury*

Leal'es of Salisbury-House, and feme other Hereditaments tllatcs‘ in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, for Improvement thereof by Building, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Ben- privilege jamin Bechet, a Bailiff to the Sheriff of Middlesex, hath arrested Jonathan Easden, a menial Servant to Colonel Pei'iy, a Member of this House, and carried him Prisoner to Noe gate, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House,

7W. III. 250 — -26° Februarii. 247

Ordered, That the said Jona be dil'charged out of Prison; Colonel Perry affirming him to be his menial Servant.

Ordered, That the said Benjamin Bechet do attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections this Afternoon, to answer the said Complaint.

A Membtr Ordered, That Sir John Bland, in the Custody of the ffifcharccd Serjeant at Arms, for abJ'enting himself from his Service from CuUody. jn jParliaincut, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Expiring Mr. Waller, according to Order, presented to the Laws. House a Bill for continuing feveval Laws therein mentioned, which are near expiring: And the same was received; and read the Firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Preventing Export of Wool.

Sir John Guise, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; avid for the Preservation of the publick Market at B/ackrcell-hall, and for Relief of the Work-

men employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages; was committed; That they had confulcred the fame, and the several Petitions referred to the said Committee; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report; and which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon JVcducsday Morning next

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to prepare an humble Representation to hi*

Majesty be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Wayx an4 solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That all Committees, except such as are by Committer*, Adjournment to fit Tomorrow Morning, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 26° die Februarii; 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John ank/yn:

Mr. Speaker,

WWtcheot's The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for EiUte. enabling Sir Paul Jf hit cl wot Knight and Baronet, and Dame Jane his Wife, to make Leal'es, for Ninety-nine Years, of the Manor of and any of

their Messuages, Lands, and II»reditaments, in Graveny, Tooting-Beake, and Stretham, in the County of Surrey, for the better Improvement thereof: And also, (Traitor* A Bill, intituled, An Act to veil certain Lands of Sir Eiiaio. William Chaitor Baronet, in Yorkshire and Durham, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and to lecnre Portions for younger Children:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

r.artW Mr. Hiingerfordreported from the Committee, to iwe. whom the Bill for the more effectual prohibiting the Im-, portation of Earthen-ware was committed. That they had

considered the fame, and the Petition to them referred; and had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning.

Importing Ordered, That the Bill for the importing Wines and Portugal other Goods, from Spaine, Portand of the

Mines. Growth of those Countries, in English and English-bni\t Ships, manned with Seamen of those Countries, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ways and Refolded, That this Iloule will, Tomorrow Morning, )Wt». after the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing Two former Mils, for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters.

Vol. XI.

P R A V E K S.

SI R Thomas Dyke reported from the Committee, to Eurl of whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, T'hum's An Act for confirming Two Indentures Tripartite, the lnJ<mlure* one of Lease, and the other of Reieal'e, made between the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Thanet Island, of the First Part; the Honourable SackTujton Esquire, of the Second Part; and the Honourable Wm. Cheine Esquire, and Sir Charles Tuj\ton Knight, of the Third

Part; and the Estates thereby settled; was committed;

That they had considered the lame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of Queen's the several Circumstances relating to the Procession of this Funeral. House at the Solemnity of her Majesty's Funeral; and of their Place; do fit during the Sitting of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act. Pitt's Deed, for supplying certain Defeats in the Directions made in of Trust.&c, and by a Deed of Trust, and the last Will of Pitt

Esquire, decealbd, for settling his Estate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freke,

Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Proven, Sir Jos. Herne, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Hedger, Mr. Windham, Sir FraVincent, Mr. Pollen, Sir Rich. Onslme, Sir Wm.Cooper, Sir Massam,

Mr. Bockland, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Bmcyer,

Mr. Norton, Mr. Clarke, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Waller,

Colonel Strangxcaies, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Burrington, '

Lord Eland, Sir Win.Drake, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr.

Christie, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Kendall, Mr.

Trelawney, Mr. Loiothei', Sir Tho.; and all the

Members that serve for the Counties of Southampton,

Dorset, Berks, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for the dividing and settling the Estate of the Coheirs of Uoch«n«r'i John late Earl of Rochester, deceased; and for discharging the Trusts thereupon; was read a Second time.

Resolvetd,

348

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis War, Sir Rowland Gin /«, Lord Digby, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Pigott, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Haw, Lord Powlet, Mr. Cole-more, Mr. Mountagne, Sir IVm. Drake, Colonel Perry, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Hedger, Sir John Key, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Grubb, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Fra. Mas-sam, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Mr. JValler, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Scobell, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Bowi/er, Mr. Christie, Mr. Sir Tho.

Roberts, Mr. lVortley, Mr Mr. Bromley,

and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and

Air. Hotford:

Mr. Speaker,

Howland'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Eiiate. enable Elizabeth Howland, the Widow of John Howland

Esquire, deceased, to settle Lands upon the Marriage of his foie Daughter and Heir; and for settling Lands upon the said Widow Howland, for her Life, in lieu of Dower; and for indemnifying Sir Child, and the said Widow Homeland, Grandfather, and Mother, of the said Heir, in disposing of the personal El'tate belonging to her, upon her Preferment in Marriage, lhe being under the Age of One-and-Twenty Years: And also,

Another Bill, intituled, An Act for the more ealy Recovery of small Tythes:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1694.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Members meet in the Banqueting-House.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Door-keepers of this House do attend at the Banqueting-House, and Whitehall Gate.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Member have a Ticket, with the Speaker's Seal, and the Member's Name, to it, for his Admittance into Whitehall, and Banqueting-house.

The First, Second, and Third Eciblutions, being federally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " and be placed by the Heralds

And the same was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the I loulb, in the Procefiion, do gaby their Counties, according to the Alphabet.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

O ' m

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " Three," and inserting "Two," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refokcd, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Members of this House walk Two in a Brc.dt.

The Sixth Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the

26° Februarii.

Ch rift-church Mini Iter's Mamie nance.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish of in

the County of Surrey, to make Rates, for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister; and for impower-ingthe Trustees of Air. Marshall's, Will to employ Monies for erecting a Steeple to the said Church, and furnishing the same with Bells; was committed:

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the Bill were read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the I loufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Leave of Ordered, That Air. Harris have Leave to go into the Absence. Country, for Recovery of his Health.

House.

The Seventh Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to ho made, by leaving out " Whitehall Gale,"and inscriing " at the Stairs that

" goes out of St. Janies' Park into the Gallery at /1

" hall-.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refoiccd, That the House cloth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, l'o amended, That the Doorkeepers of this House do attend at the Banqueting-house, and at the Stairs that goes out of St. James' Park into the Gallery at Whitehall.

The Eighth Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Eileen's

FuuerdL

Ordered, That Sir Thomas have Leave to

go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occufions.

Ordered, That Air. Edward Finch have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health, and upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Lord Marquis of Winchester reported from the Committee appointed to consider of the several Circumstances relating to the Procession of this House at the Solemnity of her Majesty's Funeral; and of their Place; That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in the Procession, no Person intervene between the Speaker of this House and the Lords.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Serjeant do attend the Speaker with the Mace.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Alcmbers of this House do attend the Funeral in long -Mourning Cloaks.

4. Resolved, Thai it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House, in the Procession, (logo by their Counties, and be placed by the Heralds according to the Alphabet.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Members of this House walk Three in a Breast.

29

Air. Gxcyn reported from the Committee appointed to prepare an humble Ilepresentaiion to be made to his Majesty, That they had prepared the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Representation be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Ycas,{^; Cp$£m. Tellers for the Noes

Abuses by Army Agents, &c.

83.

1168.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House proceeded upon the fame, Paragraph by Paragraph:

And feme Amendments were made to the same by the House.

And then the same was read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followed!; viz.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do, from a true and unfeigned Zeal for your Majesty's Person and Government, which God long preserve! and from the Obligation that lieth upon us, 111 behalf of those whom we represent, most humbly lay before your Majesty the Grievance we lie under, by feme of the Officers

and

Abuse» by Army Agent*, 4c.

7 W. III.

26" — 27" Februarii.

249

and Soldiers of the Army, in raising Money upon the Country, under Pretence of Subsistence; which is such a Violation of the Liberty and Property of your Subjects, that it needeth no Aggravation.

This is, in great measure, occasioned by the undue Practices of some of the Agents and Officers; the Particulars of winch we beg Leave to lay before your Majesty, in order to the more effectual preventing the like Miscarriages for the future.

1 ft. Some of the Agents, amongst other their ill Practices, have detained the Money clue to the Soldiers in their Hands, and made use of it for their own Advantage, instead of immediately applying it to the Subsistence of the Officers and Soldiers, for w hom they were intrusted.

2. Their intolerable Exactions, and great Extortions, upon the Officers and Soldiers, for paying Money by way of Advance; their charging more for the Discount of Tallies than they aChially paid: By which fraudulent im-pofingupon those who krve in your Majesty's Armies, it appeareth, That notwithstanding the y have a greater Pay than is given in any other Part of the World, they are yet reduced to Inconveniences and Extremities, which ought not to be put upon those who venture their Lives for the Honour and Safety of the Nation.

3. In particular, Colonel Hastings hath compelled some, Officers of his Regiment to take their Cloaths from him, at extravagant Rates, by confining and threatening those who would not comply therewith: By which the Authority that may be necessary to be lodged in the Colonel, over the inferior Officers, in some Cafes, is misapplied, and extended, fb as to promote a private Advantage of his own, without any regard to your Majesty s Service, or to the Dilbipline of the Army.

4. Colonel Hastings s Agent hath presumed fraudulently to detain Five hundred Guineas, out of a Bounty given by your Majesty to the Officers of that Regiment, under Pretence of giving them as a Bribe to obtain the same; to the Dishonour of your Majesty, and Injury to the Officers thereof: And hath taken Two-pence per Pound out of the Money due to the Officers and Soldiers; for which Deduction, there being no Warrant, the Colonel, whole Servant the Agent is, is answerable.

5. Colonel Hastings's Agent hath refused, or neglected, to give an Account of the Pay due to the Captains of his Regiment, and their Companies; which tends apparently to the defrauding the Officers and Soldiers.

6. Some of the Agents assume to themselves the Liberty of making great Deductions; which, since they know not how to justify, they endeavour to cover, by putting them under the ihelter of the uncertain Head of Contingencies; which giveth them the better Opportunity hiding the Frauds and Abuses that would otherwise be more liable to be detested.

7. Colonel Hastings hath discharged an Ensign, by putting another into his room, contrary to the true Discipline of an Army5 from which the Colonels have no Right to exempt themselves, to inlarge their own Authority, to the Prejudice of your Majesty s Service, and of the Officers who serve under them.

8. Colonel Hastings hath taken Money for the Recommending to Commands in his Regiment, to the great Dif-couragement of the Officers, who are to lerve in your Majesties Armies; who ought to be such as deserve their Commands, and not such as pay for them.

These things we most humbly represent to your Majesty, in Confidence of having them redressed by your Majesty s Justice and Wisdom.

Your loyal Commons, as they have been always ready to supply your Majesty, cannot but be sensible of such Miscarriages, as may either diminish the Strength of your Armies, or the Afteftions of your People: And it is from a Principle of the highest Duty, that we take this Way of applying ourselves to your Majesty for Redress; having an intire Assurance, That this our most humble Repre-fentation will not only be graciously accepted; but that our Expectations from it will be fully answered*

Vol. XL J

Rtfohed, That the said Representation be presented to his Majesty by the w hole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty s Pleulure, when lie will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House w ill Tomorrow Morning, Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War ogainlt France with Vigour.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ditto, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour; and which was ordered to be made this Day; be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Puniftiing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Wvmnv and to consider of the Bill for continuing Two former Acts, 1)efeIllon* for punlfliing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majestys Service; and for ptmi'hingfalle Malta's; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from African the Conwiiltee, to whom the Petition of the Moy A African ^oniPany* Company of England was referred, be further adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the I louse be called over upon Monday Call of the Morning next: And that all such Members as Hull go iloufe# out of Town without Leave, or Avail not attend at the Call of the House, not having Leave to be absent, be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to West-whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition 7ll01duc, of the Poor of Cobharn College, and the Proprietors of nUa a l° Lands, now under Water, in IVcst-Thorock, in the County of Essex, was re-committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 27* die Februarii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A

N ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Ah A cl Howland's to enable Elizabeth Howland, the Widow of John Estate* Howland Esquire, deceased, to settle Lands upon the Marriage of his foie Daughter and Heir; and for settling Lands upon the said Widow Howl, for her Life, irt lieu of Dower; and for indemnifying Sir Joints Child, and the Widow Howland, Grandfather, and Mother, of the said Heir, in disposing of the personal Estate belonging to her, upon her Preferment in Marriage, flic bein'* under the Age of One-and-Twenty Years; was read the I'irft time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Chaitoi's to velt certain Lands of Sir William Baronet, in ^llalc‘

Yorkshire and Durham, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and to secure Portions for younger Children, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

3 S A Bill

Assize of Bread*

sted-lion Square (St. Andrew's Hoi born) ne Parish.

Leave of

Able ace.

Ton age Duties.

27" Februarii.

A. 16914.

A Bill for regulating and better ascertaining the Assize only upon Vessels used and employed in the Coasting-

of Bread was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir lia. DuSir Cha. Raleigh, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Colt, Sir Cha. Bloi/s, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Dolben, Mr, Gould, Mr. Bracer, Mr Bickerstaffe, Mr. Burdet, Sir Tho.

Trade, from Port to Port, in England, Wales, or upon Traced)', and the Good's complained of are carried from one Member or Creek of the same Port to another, and not coast-wife, these Ports being all land-locked; which is likewise the same of Chester, Angle-

sey, Carnarvon, and several other Head and Alember-

w

Mr. Fuller, Sir Jenas Elxccs, Mr. Speke, be added to the Ports of England and Wales.

Committee appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for That the like Duty of Tonage is expected, and exacted, the better regulating of Printing, and Printing-Presses. of the Market-Boats, Passage-Boats, Hoys and Troughs,

trading and passing between and other Towns up

A Petition of the several Inhabitants in and near Red- the River Secerne, and between Bristoll and; and lion Square, and the Streets adjacent, in the Parish of St. so likewise, of Boats passing or trading between several Andrews, Hoi born, was presented to the House, and read; Towns upon the River Thames, Medway, Humber, and letting forth, That the Parish of St. Andrea's, Holboam, several other navigable Rivers in England and Wales. is very great, and much increased by new Buildings; and That when Vessels carry Goods from London to Ports* Of late is become lb populous, that the Care of so many mouth, several Parcels of which are to be sent by other Souls cannot be well discharged by one Person: And Vessels or Boats to other Member-Ports or Creeks upon praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the said Square, that Coast, the Duty of Tonage is twice exacted; which and Streets adjacent, a distinct Parish from St.Andrew's, is likewise done in carrying of Goods by Sea from Spald-Holbourn; and to build a Church near the said Square. tng, a Member-Port of Boston; and from other Member-Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of Ports thereof to Boston, to be from thence carried to

the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to

the House:

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Richard Middleton, Dr. Barbon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mr.

don, or elsewhere.

That in all the Cafes above-mentioned, and in all the Coasting-Trade, the full Duty of Tonage is exacted, although the Vessels or Boats charged with it have but One, Two, or Three Tons of Goods on board; which is a Nicholas, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Christy, Sir great Discouragement to Navigation, Seamen being by Cha, Sidley, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. England, Mr. that means the less employed; a Diminution of the Kings

How, Mr. Clark, Sir Matth. Andrexcs, Mr. Storehouse, Customs, Mailers of Ships being unwilling to take any

Air. BUfeihl, Sir John Kay, Mr. Broun, Colonel Perry, Loading at all, unless they can be full Loaden; a great Air. Brewer, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Freke, Sir Detriment to Merchants and Traders, for that by tins Tho. Dyke, Mr. Robinson, Sir John Bolls, Lord Paw/et, means their Goods, in Expectation of making up a full Air. Mawdit, Mr. Cocks, Sir Wm.Drake, Mr. Brockman, Freight, are often left in damp and inconvenient Ware-

Sir Row. Gwynn, Mr. Burdet', and all that serve for the houses, where they are much prejudiced, and very often County of Middlesex:and City of Westminster: And they otterly spoiled; and will be likewise a Aleans to lciion the

are to meet this Afternoon at Tour a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And to give such Notice, that the Inhabitants may be heard.

g°

Ordered, That Sir William Thomas have Leave to into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir William Cook have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Air. Pawlet have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occafiotis.

Ordered, That Air. Mordant have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Miller have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Nath. Nhave Leave to go into

the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Consumption of such Goods as are usually carried coast-wife.

That by this means likewise of exacting the full Tonage, when the Ships are not full loaden, the Trade of importing Goods from Holland to Newcastle, Scarborough, and other Northern Ports, is almost loft, and the Coal-Trade from thence to Holland very much lessened; Holland being, since this Act, moltly supplied with Coals from Scotland.

That, as the Aftisnowexecuted, Passage-Boats, Market-Boats, and other Vessels and Boats, passing and trading upon navigable Rivers, pay in a Year as much Tonage as any ship from the East Indies, or any other foreign Port doth; these Boats and Vessels passing and repairing Six or Seven times in a Week, and l'ometimes twice in a Day.

That though there be a Clause in the Act, whereby Barges.....Sand, Lime, or Slat Stone, are exempted

from paying of Tonage; yet in case these Goods are carried in a Vessel having a Deck, as a Hoy, as they are Air. Hungerford reported from the Committee ap- usually betw een other

pointed to consider of the Act, passed the last Session, for Places upon the Coast; or if Lime-(tone be carried in any laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, as it re- Sortof Vessel; yet the Duty of Tonage is exacted; although lutes to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of South- Lime-stones teem to have been intended to' be excepted ampton, and the Town of Portsmouth, and to all the Coast- out of the Act; Lime being excepted, and burnt or ing-Trade; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating wrought Lime being leldom or never carried by Water, thereunto; That they had considered the same accord- That a Doubt hath arisen upon the Act, What Duty ingly, and the several Petitions which were referred to the Goods imported from Jersey and Guernsey shall pay, v said Committee; and had directed him to make a Report these Places not being named in the Act: And likewise, thereof to the House; which he read in his Place; and Whether Goods of the Growth of France, taken as Prize,

afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow'eth;

That the Duty of Tonage, charged by the Act, upon Coast ing-Vessels, is likewise charged upon, and exacted of, all Hoys or Vessels, that carry Corn, Cattle, or Provisions, from the Isle of Wight to the Port of Southampton, or to

and brought from Jersey and Guernsey, shall pay any Duty at all; the Act seeming to lay no Duty at aii upon French Goods till after the War; and then they are to pay as Goods from Portugall.

That the Way of Admeasuretfient, prescribed by the Act of Parliament, is, to multiply the Length by the

Portsmouth, a Alember thereof, or to any other Alember Breadth, and the Product of that Multiplication by the thereof; and likewise upon such Vessels as receive Goods Depth; which differs frofn the Way of Admeasurement by Waggon from London, for the Use of the said Island used by Shipwrights and Carpenters; which is, to make (although the Duty charged by the Act is thereby charged the Second Multiplication by half the Breadth.

16 That

7 W< III. 270 — 28° 251

That the XVay of Admeasurement, preferihed by the Act of Parliament, is unequal, it being ufecl upon no other Occasion; and Ships being always fold, and lett to Freight, as well to the King as others, by the other Way of Ad-meafirement.

That the Way of Admeasurement, preferihed by the Act of Parliament, makes the Tonage of Ships, one with another, amount to above One Fourth Part more than the other Way doth; and in Truth more than the Ship can actually carry Tons of Goods.

That the Way of Admeasurement, preferihed by the Act of Parliament, is of greater Advantage to foreign than it is to English-bn\\t Ships; foreign Ships, especinliy the Dutch, being usually built more bulgy, with fewer Decks, and with Ids Rate, than the English are; which makes the Way of Admeasurement, preferihed by the said Act, left prejudicial to Inch foreign than it is to English-built Ships; and is a great Discouragement to the Building of defensible Ships; such Ships paying more in proportion than llight or tingle-decked Ships do.

Mr. Perry, Merchant, said, That, for the Ship called The Ferry and Dine, be paid the Carpenter for 345 Ton; but, according to the Admeasurement of the Custom-house Officers, he paid to the King for 419 Ton and Three Qirarters.

Die Ship called The Bird was lett to the King for 221 Ton; but paid Tonage, by the Act, for 281 Ton.

The Ship called The Joseph paid to the Builder for 350 Ton; was lett to the African Company for 310 Tons; but pays Tonage to the King for 397 Ton.

Mr. Sheppard said, That the Ship called The Katherine paid to the Carpenter for 208 Ton; brought home from Meant no more than ifioTon; but, according to the Admeasurement made for the King, be paid for 264 Ton.

The Bird brought from Jrirginia 158 Ton, full loaden; but paid to the King 181 Ton.

Sir Thomas Grantham said, That The Kendall Frigate was measured by the Carpenter at 318 Ton; ihe brought home 109 Ton, full loaden j but, by the Admeasurement for the King, Ihe was forced to pay for 391 Ton.

All the Witnesses complain of the Admeasurement prescribed by the Act: and lav, That most of the Merchant-

w 7 j 7

Ships, built since the Act, are built but with one Deck; which make them left serviceable, and less defensible: And that since this Act Ships are fallen 40 L per Cent.

That, by this Way of Admeasuring, they are forced to pay Tonage for all the Places in the Ship, the Gun-rooms, the Decks, and Places where they put Provisions; and for the Thickness, and for the Outside of the Ship.

That by building Ships with tingle Decks, it is a very great Discouragement to Merchants, and endangers the Loft of their Goods, when such tingle-decked Ships are in any Strels of Weather, or attacked by an Enemy.

Mr. Martin said, That he paid foreign Tonage for a Ship put into Port, where ihe unladed a tinall Part of her Car<*o for the King's Use, and reladed some Part of the same Goods again; and paid Tonage again when Ihe put'into the Port of 'London, where the unladed all her Cargo.

Richard Rogers fair), That he paid for full Tonage of lus Veil'd, when but half laden.

That there is no Way of Admeasurement preferihed by the Act of Parliament for Ships that have not a Deck; yet open Barges, which have none, are obliged to pay.

John Davis said, He paid Tonage for carrying Lime-stones from Appledore to RiddiJ; which is in the same River.

The King's Measurers, Officers of the Customs, and Shipwrights, and Carpenters, all agree, That the Way of Admeasurement, prcicribed by the Act of Parliament, makes the Tonage of Ships, one with another, amount to One Fourth Part more than that used by the Shipwrights, and Builders of Ships, by which the King takes Ships to freight.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Vo L.XI.

Rc (lived, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Report.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Sir John Franklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lord have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marqui*.f settling divers Manors and Lands upon the Marriage of livestock's the Marquis of Tffvcjloek, Grandibn of //win Duke of Bedford: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Bowyer reported from the Committee, to whom Suppression

the Bill for the more effectual suppressing protane Swear- of Curiingsnd ing and Cursing was committed, That they had considered Swearing, the lame; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Rcfahxd, That this House will, Tomorrow Sevcnnight, take the said Report into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Confutation of the Report from Prevcniing the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better prevent- Export of ing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; "oo1* and for the Preservation of the publick Market at -icdl-hall; and for Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages > was committed; be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report of the Report of Conference with the Lords, upon Saturday last, be ad- Conference journed until Friday Morning next. wal* Lords4

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Way* solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean* confulcr further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfuined the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That ah Account of the Importation of Tobacco, from 1681, to 1689, may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of the Importation of Tobacco, from One thousand Six hundred Eighty-one, to 1689.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave.to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That all Committees, except such as are by Committee*, Adjournment to lit Tomorrow Morning, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 28* die Februarii;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived. Committee*;

An

28° Februarit.

A- 1694.

Marquis of An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tavistock's for settling divers Manors and Lands upon the Marriage of the Marq uis of Tavistock, Grandson of William Duke

t emeu . ^Bedford, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Webb's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for sa|e of of the Estate of Jonathan Webb Esquire, for discharging of Debts, and Incumbrances charged thereon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Thames Sir Ralph Dutton reported from the Committee, to

Weirs wh°in the Bill for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of

Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames, west ward of the City of London ;| and for ascertaining the Price of Water-carriage upon the said River; was committed; That they had considered the fame; and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, take the said Report into Consideration.

London

Carmen.

A Petition of the ancient free Carmen of the City of London was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That *

That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir Moreton, Sir John Banks, Mr. Townes, Mr. Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Smith, Lord Digby, Mr. Mr. Bromley,

Mr. How, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Clarke, Sir

Cha. Cartaret, Mr. Cocks, Lord Powlet, St John Bollcs, Sir John Bland, Sir John Fogg, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Luttercll, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bickcrjtaff, Mr. Boyle, Sir Ji m. Caper, Mr. Ti/ney, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir Sam. Dashwood, Colonel Perry, Colonel Mr. Cooke,

Sir William Ellis, Sir R Colonel

Mr. Christie, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Sir JVm.Drake, Mr. Vincent, Serjeant Thurbane, Sir

Massam, Lord Cornbury, and all the Members that serve

for the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and Borough of And they are to

meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

private Bills. Ordered, That no Proceedings be had upon any other private Bills, until l'uch as are now depending before the House be dil'patched. '

Ordered, That Mr. Grubb have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa-frons.

Sir John Knight reported from the Committee, to w'hom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of to his Majesty's Plantations in America-, and also the Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Town and Borough of Leverpoole to his Majesty's Plantations; was referred; That they had examined and considered the Matter of the said several Petitions; and had directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That Mr. Sanson, Secretary to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, produced to the Committee several Papers and Informations laid before the said Commissioners of the Customs, proving, That there had been, for many Years past, a constant Trade carried on by divers Persons, contrary to the Act of Navigation, and other Laws for securing the Plantation-Trade, from Scotland to the Sugar and Tobacco-Plantations in America; and from

Leave of Absence.

Plantation

Trade.

the said Plantations back again to Scotland: And particularly,

That one Thomas Meech, who had been concerned in the said illegal Trade, had informed the Commissioners,

That, in the Year 1693, Twelve Ships of the Kingdom of Scotland had laded Tobacco and Sugar in the said Plantations, and had returned directly to Scotland, and there unloaded: Besides which, there were then Eight more Ships upon the same Voyages.

And Mr. Sanson further declared to the Committee,

That, by these illegal Practices, the King was damaged in his Customs at 50,000 /. a Year.

That then several Merchants were called in; and examined: And, First,

Mr. Micajah Perry informed the Committee, That he

had now Bills of Exchange, which were drawn in Virginea, payable to him for the Country Duties of Tobacco loaden on a Ship in Virginea, which was now actually discharged in Glasgow in Scotland; and that he had, for several Years past, received Returns from Scotland, for the Account of several Planters in Virginea, being the Produce of Tobacco loaden on Scottish Ships in Virginea, and landed in Glascow in Scotland:

That before this illegal Trade driven by the Scots, from the Tobacco-Plantations, he used yearly to ship from England to Scotland at least 800 Hogsheads of Tobacco; and of late be has not sent one:

That the like illegal Trade was carried on between Ireland and Virginea:

That one great means of carrying on this fraudulent Trade from Virginea to Scotland Ireland, did proceed from a late Practice of loading on Shipboard vast Quantities of Tobacco in Bulk, which they run on Shore in every Port they put into; thereby defrauding the King of his Customs, at least 60,0001, per Ann.; and abating at least a Sixth Part of the Shipping employed in that Trade; and causing the Price of Tobacco in ail Places to abate so considerably, that the fair Traders cannot live by their Trade; and hath so discouraged the Planters in Virginea and Maryland from planting Tobacco, that they had Thoughts of giving over the fame; and had already set up several Manufactures, which they were formerly supplied with from England; and were consulting how to set up more.

That several other Merchants appeared, and confirmed what Mr. Perry had informed the Committee, in relation to the fraudulent Trade between Scotland and Ireland, and the Tobacco-Plantations; and the great Damage the Kingdom sustains by loading of Tobacco in Bulk: And did believe, That if there were not loine Law to prevent the fame, the Plantation-Trade would be in Danger to be totally loft; to the great Decay of Navigation, and the Diminution of his Majesty's Customs.

And then Sir John Knight acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Plantation-Trade; and preventing the Shipping of Tobacco in Bulk.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought- in accordingly And that Sir John Knight do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Recovery for the more easy Recovery of finall Tythes, was read the ot Small First time. ly '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Duties «. night, take into Consideration the Report from the Com- Paper» c-mittee appointed to consider of the Act, made the last Session, for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven- Earthe». night, take into Consideration the Report from the Com- ware, mittee, to whom the Bill for the more eft'cftual prohibiting the Importation of Earthen-ware was committed.

7 W. III. a8° Februarii. — 1° Marlii.

*53

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the Report to Mean* be made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour;

And the Question being put, That the said Report be now taken;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tdtes for tb. } .30.

Tellers for the: I'*4-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next

pitta. The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progvefs in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move the House, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole--

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1* die Martii;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray ers.

Fleetwood1* A N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ltate. for the ratifying and confirming a certain Indenture

of Lease of Marton Mear, in the County of made by the Earl of Derby, and others, to Thomas Fleet-wood Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Clipping of Ordered, That the Committtee appointed to receive Com. Proposals, how to prevent clipping of the Coin of this Kingdom, for the future, and the Exportation of Silver; and to report the same to the House; do also report their Opinion thereupon.

Pollen, Mr. Biddulph, Sir Jona. Jennings, Mr. England,

Colonel Petry, Mr. Rockland, Mr. Stone house, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Bowuer, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Smith, Mr. Frcke,

Mr. How, Mr. Fenwick, Sir Ra. Car, Sir John Key, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir John Rollcs, Mr. Freuen, Mr. I Taller, Mr. Fawkes, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Laid her, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Greenfield, Mr. Cooke, Sir Brian Stapleton, Mr. fVhite, Mr. Christie: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the EAoft's Amendments, made, by the Committee, to whom the in- Eftato. grafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements, late of John of

Etton in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts of the said John Estoft, and raising Portions for his Daughters, w-as committed;

And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve* rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 4. after " York," insert " Kingston upon " Hull"

L. 21. after " Mofcroft," insert " and and after " Beverley," insert " in the said County of York."

L. 22. leave out " York," and insert " the same " Town."

Pr. 5. L. 42. leave out " one," and insert own."

Pr. 6. L. 10. leave out " neither of them."

L. 12. after " Widow," add " nor any of them."

L. 19. after " Successors," add " to the Crown of

" England"

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Raising tl» raising the Militia of this Kingdom for The Year 1695, Militia, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, he not repaid: And that Sir Richard Otisloxv do prepare and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That a Clause be brought into the said Bill, to repeal the Statute of the Second and Third Years of King Eduard the Sixth, intituled, An Act against (hooting of Hail-lhot.

Ordered, That Mr. Morland have Leave to go into L«tn of the Country, after Wednesday next, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Prade have Leave to go into the Country, after Wednesday next, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Bourchier Wray have Leave to go into the Country on Wednesday next, for Three Weeks, upoit extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Pollen have Leave to go into the Country, after Wednesday next, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Whitchcotf* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for enabling Sir Paul Whitchcott Knight and Baronet, and Dame Jane his Wife, to make Leases, for Ninety-nine Years, of the Manor of T and any of their

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Tooting-Graveney, Tooting-Beak, and Stratham, in the County of Surrey; for the better Improvement thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wanl«y'» An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable William Wanley, an Infant, under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, to new-build several Messuages or Tenements in Ax-yard, King's-street,;

and to enable his Guardian to make one or more Lease or Leases for effecting the lame; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Tho. Haslerigg, Mr. Dryden, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Matth, Andrews. Mr. Burdet, Mr. Vo i. XI.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Punishing of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Mutiny and the Bill for continuing Two Acts for punishing Officers and Eefertion. Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wharton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wharton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report of the Report of Conference with the Lords be adjourned until this Day

Sevennight

3 T And

254 "2° Martii. 1694.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue, a Clock.

Sabbati, 2* die Martii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Finch's A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

£state. Sx to vest certain Lands and Tenements in Trustees,

to be.fold for the better Provision of the Daughter and "Coheirs of Joseph Finch Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John 'Sir John Moreton, Sir John Mr. Arnold, Sir Ralph

Ashton, Sir Robert 'EdenMr. Carter, Mr. Preston, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Gee, Mr. Fairfax, Sir JV Mr. Sir

John Mame'aring, Lord Incin, Mr Mr.

yield, Mr. Tankred, Sir Bry. Stapleton, Mr. Mr.

Clark, Mr. Lowther. Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Lassels, ‘Mr. StocJedale, Sir Robert Mr.; and all

that serve for the Counties of Kent, Essex, Hartford, Cambridge, Middlesex, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

St. Martin's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to in the Vintry confirm a Grant made by the Rector of the united Pa-Church-yard. rjq)es Gf §t. Michael Royal and St. Martin's in the Vintry,

London, of Part of St. M 'Church-yard, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Ver-, non, Sir Sam.Barnardiston, Colonel Mr. Thorn-

haugh. Sir John Bolles, Sir JVm. Pritchard, Mr. Clarke, 'Mr. Freeman, Mr. Brewer, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mannaton, Mr. Fuller, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Lowther, Kir. England, Sir Fra. -$<fm, Sir Jofin Moreton, Colonel Austin, Sir Robert Davers, Sir John Morris, Sir Andreses, Mr.

Mr. Christie, Mr. Carter, Sir Jos. Tredenham; and all that serve for the County of Middlesex, and Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of:

And they are torneet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are impowered to lend for Periods, Papers, and Records.

A Member ‘Ordered, That Sir Edward Phelips, in Custody of the difelmrge<f -Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting him-fiomcuitody. fe(f from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Gage'&Estate. A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees of William Gage Esquire to raise'Money, by a Mortgage of Part of his Eli.ate, for the Preservation *of the Timber growing thereon: To which they desire the Concurrence of ‘this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Regulating Mr. Clark prqfepted to the House, according to Order, Printing and a Till for the better regulating of Printing, and Printing PreffeT^ Presses: And the same was received*

Barkbam's The Lord William Pawlet reported from the Cora-

Estate. mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for westing the Manors of alias Jefferyes Croonie, and Baughton, in the County of Worcester, in Trustees,-to be sold; and for settling the Manor-house and Royalty of Wainfleet, St. Maries, in the County of Lbteoln, and diviers Lands, Parcel of the said

Manor, of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses; #ndto enable % v Robert Barldutpi BaronetitoniekeTro- w^nfqr 'his, youj^ger-Children; was £0mjnUted; That they had examined and considered the fame; and paade; 23

feme Amendments; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press kdi, L. 34, after " conveyed," add Clauses A and B.

Clause A, That the Trustees shall not be answerable for the Acts of one another; nor for any more Money than shall respectively come to their Hands.

Clause B, for the Trustees to retain, and reimburse themselves the necessary Charges that they shall be put to in the Execution, of the Act.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee to whom Caryir* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Elute, vest in Trustees certain Lands, in Kent and Sussex, of John Caryll Esquire, for the Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children; and to supply the De-lefts of a Conveyance intended for that Purpose; was

committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill to disable all Persons from voting Elections — in Eieftions of Members to serve in Parliament, who shall incapaci-retule to take the Oaths to the Government, be read a ^f^fer on* Second time upon Thursday Morning next. Oaths.

Mr. Christie reported from the Committee, to whom West-Tho-a former Report, of the Matter upon the Petition of the j^0j^un" Poor of Cohham College, and the Proprietors of Lands, now under Water, in West-Thoroch, in the County of Essex, was re-committed, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Committee had sent their Summons to the said Parties, and heard what they had to offer in relation to the Premises; which was to the Efteft following; viz.

That, in the Opinion of divers Persons, Wrall-men and others, the Breach which happened upon the Walls and Banks next the River of Thames, in the Parish of West Thorock, might have been repaired at the Expence of 30 or 40 I. if Materials could have been immediately ready,; but that the 1'ucceeding Tides gained such Advantage upon the Breach, which rendered all the Endeavours made use of to check the same useless, by reafou that such Materials as were laid and fixed for that Purpose at Neap-Tides, were washed down, and carried away, by the Weight of the Water, when the Spring-Tides came up:

That the Banks used to be supported and repaired by the Owners and Proprietors of the iLands adjoining to the said River; for which Reason, there was an Action brought against Francis Moor, for Damages sustained in the neighbouring Lands, by reai'on of the Breach that happened in his Tenant's Wall a ml Sluice; but at the Tryal, Mr. Moor 'producing his Lease, whereby his Tenant had covenanted to charge himself with aH Repairs in the Premises, the Plaintiff could not recover against him; and his Tenant proves to be poor and insolverrt. '

That the Charge of repairing the said Breach, and preventing its further Mil'chiefs, without any relation to the Shelf in the River, will come to 5,265*/..; for which Sum, a Person presentsaid, he would undertake the Work, and lay down .4001, as Security ‘for his going on, and,

completing the feme before Alickaelmas next; and if he 1

Tailed therein, the Lands, which-be would have for his Security, Iboukl remain, as now they do, in the Hands of the Couunifficners of Sewers ;and he would forfeit his 4 001.and the Expence be should ibe at in his Materials _a«d 'Workmanship; and ithat if -be did complete the Work,-and the Lands were assigned to him by the Com-uiifiiouers, yet, if the Owners would raish and pay him

2° Martiu

Earl of

Aochester's

Ellate.

King

appoints to be attended.

African

Company.

Preventing Export of WooL

Plantation

Trade.

Mr, Sparks to deliver Accords of the House,

7 W. III.

the 5,265/. in Three Years, he would make good, and pay them, the old Rents of the said Lands for ever: That, by an Ordinance and Decree made by the Commissioners of Sewers, dated the 17th Day of October last, it is, for the more effefilual Means of bearing and defraying of the Charges of making up the Breaches, and for reforming and redressing the Hurt and Damages occasioned thereby, decreed, For lack of Payment of a Scot-tax or Assessment charged upon the Lands, that all the Marsh-lands in the said Marlb-Crrounds (other than those Lands of Sir Robert Clayton's, who submits, and is contented to, and bath paid his Assessment), containing, by Estimation, 857 Acres and an half; and the Fee-simple and Inheritance thereof; shall be veftedi John Barret and John Child, for and in Consideration of 5,145/. to them, and their Heirs for ever, for and in Satisfaction and Payment of the said Scot-tax and Afieff-naent; the said Money to be employed with all convenient Speed, for the Purposes aforesaid.

And the City of London desire the said Lands may be fold, and the Monies employed accordingly. '

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Parkhurst reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrolied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dividing and settling the El'tate of the Coheirs of Joint late Earl of Rochester, deceased, and fordilcharging the Trusts

thereupon; was committed; That they had examined and considered the same; and had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to*report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. last but one, L. 8, after shall," acjd "discharging " any real Interest or Demand of the said Bay n ton,

" the Infant, of, in, and to, the Share or Interest hereby " limited to the said Lady Anne, excepting lhchXeafes " and Copies as. albrel'aid, and the Sum payable to the " said JVilli am Butler; nor."

Sir Henry Goodrich acquainted the House, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, having attended his Majesty, and humbly desired to know his Pleasure when he would be attended by this lloulb, his Majesty had been pleased to appoint Monday next, between Three and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, at Kensington.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company of England was referred, be further adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from the 'Committee, to w horn the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the publick Market at;

and for Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen 'Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages; was committed, be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

' Sir John Knight presented to the House, according to 'Order, a Bill for the better securing the Plantation-Trade, and preventing the Shipping of Tobacco in Bulk: And the same was received.

Mr. -Speaker acquainted the House, That he hath received Information, and taken Notice, That Mr. Christopher Sparks, formerly Secretary to Sir Eduard Turner, late Speaker of this House, hath lately produced an Order of this House, dtablishing and confirming Fees and Allowances to the Officers of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies in the Port of London, aBd Creeks belonging, signed By Wm. Goldesbrough Esquire, formerly Clerk of this House j and also Lists of Fees and Allowances due to Vox,. XI.

255

the Officers of the Customs, in several other. Ports: And that it is most probable Mr. Sparks hath in his Hands other Orders, Lifts, Books, and Papers; being the Records, Books, Papers, and Proceedings, of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Sparks do forthwith attend Mr. Speaker; and do produce, and deliver to him, all such Orders, Lists of Fees, Records, Books, and Papers, and other Proceedings, of this House, as he hath in his Custody; to the end the same may be preserved amongst the Records of this House:

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to search the Queen's Lords Journals concerning the Proceeding to the Queen's un*,nd-Funeral; and to report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Walter Young. Sir Rote land Guyn, Sir John Guise, Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Scobell; or any Three of them.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Way* and solved itself into a Committee of the whole Ilouie, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, That a Member of the House had acquainted the Committee, That he had something to move the House in: And that thereupon he wras directed to leave the Chair of the Committee; and move the House, That the Committee may have Leave to fit again.

Mr. Hopkins acquainted the House, That the Members Queen's

appointed having been at the Lords, to inspect their Jour- Funeral, nals, in relation to the Procession at the Queen's Funeral, the Lords were fitting, and could not fend a Clerk out with their Books; and that it was said, the Lords would adjourn till Thursday:

And therefore moved, That a Message may be sent to 4^ the Lords to desire them to fit on Monday. to fit on

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do go to the Lords, and de- Monday, fire them to fit on Monday next.

♦ Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself Ways and into Committee of the whole House, to consider further Means, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomfis Littleton reported from the Committee,

That, they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that, by reason of a Motion made for him to leave the Chair of the Committee, he had so done; and was directed to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Mr. Boyle reported, That the Lords acquainted him, Answer from That before the said Mefi'age came, they had resolved to rd* adjourn till Tuesday; but that they will continue to fit some time longer this Day.

Sir Rowland Guyn reported, That the Members ap- Queen's pointed had searched the Lords Journal, and find this Funeral. Order therein; viz.

Die Luna, 25* Febr. 1694.

The Duke of Norfolk, Earl-Marshal of England, laying before this House a Scheme of the Proceeding to the Funeral of her Majesty QtieenMary the lid; It is Ordered,

By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliamentaflem-Bled, That Four Officers of Arms shall go before this -House in the Procession at the Queen's Funeral.

Refolded, That this House do immediately resolve Ways itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- *"d Mesas, fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-

pty»

\ ,

25 6

ply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lima:, 4# die 7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Rogers' A N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act E(Ut«. i\ to enable Jane Rogers, the Widow and Relict of Bryan Rogers, late of Falmouth, Merchant, deceased, and Administratrix of his Goods and Chattels, with his Will annexed, and other Trustees therein named, to fell Lands, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Bryan Rogers, in Performance of his Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Thornhau Mr. Major

Vincent, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Cook, Sir Air.

Waller, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Perry, Mr. Bale, Mr. Fuller, Sir Walt. Clarges, Mr. Colt, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. LuttcrellMr. Christie, Mr. Air. Kendall, Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Richard Onslow, Air.

Maicdit, Mr. St. John, Mr. England, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Char. Carteret, Mr. Gee, Sir John Moreton; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cormcall:And they are to meet upon Wednesday next, at Pour a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Clifton'* An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to vest in Trustees certain Lands of Sir Gervas Clifton Baronet, in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and railing Portions for younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Hutchinson, Sir John Bolles, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Christie, Sir Tho. P. Blount, Mr. Woiler, Mr. Sir John Key,

Air. Thornhaugh, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Burrington, Sir John Bland, Sir Hussey, Mr. Fuller,

Air. England, Mr. MazcditAir. Hedger, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Cooke, Sir John Knight, Sir Tredenham, Mr. Davenant, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Morland, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Stokes, Colonel Perry, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Lowther, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Biddulp Air. Vincent; and all that serve for the Counties of Nottingham and York: And they are to meet upon Wednesday Alorning next, at Eight of Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Pit's Deed of Sir Thomas Mompesson reported from the Committee, Trust, See. to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for supplying certain Defects in the Directions made in and by a Deed of Trust, and the last Will of George Pit Esquire, deceased, for settling his Estate, was committed, That they had examined and considered the lame; and that the Trustee^ and all other Persons concerned, had attended the Committee, and consented to the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

1694.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better securing the Plan- Plantation tation-Trade; and preventing the Shipping of Tobacco in Trade.

Bulk; be read the First time upon Thursday Alorning next

The House, according to the Order of the Day, Way* and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean8, consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply j

to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, ,1

That they had made a further Progress in the Alatter to & t

them referred; and had directed him to move, That 1

they may have Leave to fit again.

Re/blvcd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against Frame with Vigour.

Ordered, That the Back-door up to the Scaffold, in Queen's Westminster- Abbey, for the Use of the House of Commons, Funeral- /

he locked of, and the Key delivered to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House: And that no Persons be suffered to be under the Scaffold.

Ordered, That the Proceeding of the Alembers of this House, out of the Banqueting-house to the Queen's Funeral, be by the Counties, according to the Alphabet.

ft

And then the House adjourned until Wednesday Alorn- ing next, Nine a Clock, in order to attend the Funeral of her late Majesty Tomorrow; and to meet in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock, for that Purpose. T,.

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - C

Mercurii 6* die Martii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii. 1

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Crook's "

for the vesting the Manor of Madeley, and other Estate. fc

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of 01

Salop, the Estate of BazilBrook Esquire, in Trustees; Ie

and for railing Alonies for the Payment of Debts; and "

for securing his Wife's Jointure, was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel God- 1 tL1

fry. Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Burdet, ex

Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Frewen, Air Kinasfon, Sic John Kay,

Sir Cha.Carteret, Mr. Cook, Mr. Hunt, Sir Richard Hart,

Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Moreton, Sir Dutton, Air. . ip

Bowyer, Mr. Frckc, Sir Robert Eden, Sir . Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Lampton, Sir John

Bland, Mr. Popham, Sir Eduard ChisnallAir. Waller, ii.

Sir John Fleet, Mr. Fuller, Mr. England, Mr. Kendall, !±l

Air. Stonehouse; and all that serve for the Counties of j,

Salop, Stafford, and Worcester: And they are to meet To- y,

morrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's rr,

Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Boat* carry-the better Admeasurement of Keels, and Keel-Boats, in inS C*k. . the Port of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, and Alembers thereof;

and for the Encouragement of Navigation, by the Exportation of Coals from the same: And that Sir Ralph - - ,

Car do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fle«two*d'» for the ratifying and confirming a certain Indenture of Estate.

Lease of Marton Alcar, in the County of Lancaster, made q

by

2° — 40 — 6° Martii.

T

1

7 W. III.

6° Martii.

*51

by the Earl of Derby, and others, to Thomas JFlcetzcood ion > Esquire, was read a Second time.

1 Resolvetd\ That the B'll he committed to Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir John Moretm, Mr. Hunger ford,

I Colonel Grewvill, Mr. Bortyer, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Ro-

bert Eden, Sir Tho, Dyke, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir IVnu H Drake, Mr. Sh acker ley, Mr. Lav:}: ton, Mr Proven, Mr.

Christie, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Latter ell, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Tempest. Mr. Zfe/ie, Mr. Tank red, Mr. C/r/r/ % Mr. BiUkley, Mr. Waiter, Sir Edu ard Chijirall, Colonel Perry, Mr. Loiether, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. /*//, Mr. Burdet, Sir ./tf/w Bolles, Colonel Kirby: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber.

l«Te of Abfeoce.

Ordered, That Sir Charles have leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc-cations.

Ordered, That Sir Francis War have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary (locations.

Ordered, That Sir John Barker have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered \That Sir Edward have Leave to go

into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Guibon have Leave to go inte the Country, for Recovery of his 1 lealth.

Ordered, That Captain Henry Bertie have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary (locations.

Answer to Mr. Speaker reported to the Ilotife, That he had, upon Representa- Monday, presente-l their humble Representation to his u"' Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to give this gracious Answer; viz.

Gentlemen,

I will consider your Representation, and take all Care possible to have the Grievances redressed.

but hath on.y dealt and traded in Partnertiiip, with divers other Merchants and Dealers, in buying and selling many Sorts of Goods; and particularly, he and his Partners have fold Cloatirfngto several Colonels of the Army; and have not received any Part of their Money, but from the said Colonels, or their Orders, to whom they Ibid their Goods.

And as to that Part of the aforesaid Precept, which requires him to attend upon the Honourable Commissioners for Itating the publiefc Accounts of the Kingdom, on the 6th Instant, with all the Rooks of Accounts, any ways relating to the Cloathing of the Army, by him, or any Person or Persons concerned by or with him, for the Years 1692, and 1693;

The said James Craggs humbly faith, That in the said

Books are contained, and intermixed, the Accounts of such Sums of Money as he and his said Partners do owe unto Clothiers, and other their Creditors, of whom they bought Goods lb sold to the Colonels, and others: And, if he shall be forced to produce the said Books, the Example and Consequence thereof may draw all other Merchants and Traders into the like Examinations and Discovery, who, at any time within Six Years last past, have fold any Goods for the Use of the Army or Navy, or any other Part of the Government; and thereby lay open the Weaknels of their Estates and Subfrance; which may expose them to the immediate Demands and Prosecutionalof their Creditors, to their certain Ruin; and will tend to the general Discouragement of all Trade and Dealing, with the Government.

For which Reasons he humbly craves Leave to offer.

That by the Law, and true Intent of the said Act, he* ought not to be compelled to produce the said Books, they containing not a publick, but a private Account.

James Craggs.

Ordered, That the said Mr. James Craggs, one of the Clothiers of the Army, be summoned to attend this House immediately.

Ordered \That Sir Ckrijlopher Greenfield have Leave Leave of go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Price have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Pmi.'hing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Mutiny and whole House, to w hom the Bill for continuing Two Acts bderuon. for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Muf-ters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was committed; be made upon Friday Morning next.

Lme of Ordered, That Sir John Cotton have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for a Fortnight, from Monday next, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Craggs Mr. Foley acquainted the House, That, in proceeding refuses to Upon the Accounts of Mr. they conceived it

Biffionwsof nectaryt0 fend their Precept to Mr. James Craggs, one Accounts, of the Clothiers of the Army, to attend them this Morning, and bring with him the Books of Account kept for himself and Partners, in relation to the Cloathing; which he did not obey; but font an Answer to the said Commissioners, in Writing, exerting the fame; which Mr. Foley presented to the House; and delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

The Answer of Mr. James Craggs to the Precept of the Honourable the Commissioners for putting in Execution the Act, intituled, An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, ami l'tate, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; dated at York-buildings, the 4th of this Instant March

1694.

The said James Craggs humbly aofwcrcth, and faith, That he is not any way a publick Receiver, Agent, or Officer, relating to any Part of the Revenue of the Crown; Vol. XI.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for the taking and Commis-stating the publick Accounts for the Year 1695: And fioners of that Sir John Knight do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Accounts»

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Ways and before the Report from the Committee of the whole Mean*. House, who were to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted "to his Majesty, be made, resolveitlelf into a Committee of the w hole Fioufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Tooage lolved itfrlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Act passed the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ship3, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of Southampton, and the Town of Portand to all the Coatting-Trade; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hungerjordtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hungerjord reported from the said Committee,

That they had directed him to move tire House, That the Committee may be authorized to consider of the said Act of Tonage of Ships; and, if they shall lee Cause to lessen all or any of the Duties thereby granted, that they may be impowered to consider of an Equivalent to be granted to his Majesty.

3 U Resolved,

258 6° — 7° MA. 1694.

Resolved, That this House will take the said Motion into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Hungerford also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to eonfider of the said Act for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of

Southampton, and the Tow n of and to all the

Coasting-Trade; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, N ine a Clock.

Jon's, 7° die Martii;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Red-lion-

square (St. Andrew's, Holborn) new Parish.

Prayers.

A PETITION of feme Inhabitants of

square was presented to the House, and read; let1 ting forth. That, about a Twelvemonth fmee, the like Petition, as now, was presented to this House, by feme of the Inhabitants of Red-lion-fi/uare, for making the Square

a distinct Parish from St. And to which Matters, the Petitioners, who are the principal Inhabitants thereabouts, did utterly disagree; and signed a Petition for that Purpose; which put a Stop to any further Proceedings thereon: That the Petitioners Hill disagree; and pray to be heard against the said other Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said other Petition is referred.

1686; both payable to Wm.Hewer Esquire, late Treasurer for the Garison; for paying off all Arrears of the Garison and Mole there: That the said Treasurer re- ' ceived about 90,000l. by virtue of the said Privy-Seals; but kept the Grant of them, and the Receipt of most Part of the Money, a long time from the Petitioners Knowledge; and made Interest of the Money, when many of the Petitioners were in great Want; and forced them to take what he pleased, dedu6ting 4 a-. in the Pound for compounding, and i.v. for Poundage; although he received a Salary of 300l. per Ann. for paying out the King's Money: And it is, upon a modest Computation, deemed, that the said Treasurer hath in his Hands about 20,000l. which is due to the Inhabitants, and others belonging to the Mole: And praying, that Mr. Hewer may give an Account of what Money he

hath received; and how he hath disposed of the fame; and that he may be obliged to pay the Petitioners the just Due.

Ordered, That the said Petition be delivered to one of the Members of this House, who is a Commissioner for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Willmothave Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the better regulating of Printing, and Print-

ing-Prclles, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the 1 Monday Morning next.

Regulating Printing and

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon

1

TjVJi

jtfife.

A Member Ordered, That Colonel Speccot, in Custody of the Ser-

from^custod 3 * at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself y‘ from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Arrears for A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers in the quartering City-of Coventry, and County of the fame, was presented 0 1Bre' to the House, and read; complaining of Money due and unpaid to them, for quartering of Soldiers there.

Ordered, That the said Petition be delivered to one of the Members of this House, who is a Commissioner for taking and stating the publick Accounts.

€trist- An ingossed Bill for enabling the Inhabitants of the

Church Mi- parj{h of Christ-Church, in the County of to

Mainte- make Rates for raising a Maintenance for a good and able ance. Minister; and for im powering the Trustees of the Will of John Marshal, deceased, to employ Monies for the finishing the said Parish-Church; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ-Church, in the County of Surrey, to make Rates for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister; and for the impowering the Trustees of the Will of Joint Marshall, deceased, to employ Monies for the finishing the find Parish-Church.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to w hom West Tlio-a former Report, of the Matter of the Petition of the Poor of CobhamCollege, and the Proprietors of Lands, now.

under Water, in West Thorodc, in the County of Essex, was rc-committed, he taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Encouraging next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole n»*nt ot I'ri-House, to eonfider of the Bill for the better Encourage- valeeI;>-ment of Privateers.

A Bill for the better securing the Plantation-Trade plantation and preventing the Shipping of Tobacco in Bulk; was, Trade, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Post-master attending this House do i\;Pmber» not at any time, deliver out any Letters to any Members Letters, during the Sitting of the House.

The House being acquainted by Mr. Gee, a Member Alleged thereof, That he had received Information by one Mrs. corrupt . Shorter, and Mrs. Bourman, That a Member of this House had received Money for the carrying on a Bill in this House;

Ordered, That the said Mrs. Shorter, and Mrs. Bourman, be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

o

it

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Edward Acton have Leave to go A Me n«. into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Complaint A Petition of the late Inhabitants of Tanger was read; from inha- fetfing forth, That, upon the DemoUihing of Tanger, the Tanker Lord Dartmouth promised, in the Name of King Charles an^er* the Lid, that the Petitioners just Claims should be paid, upon their Arrival in England; and accordingly, in March 1684, King James granted a Privy-Seal for 50,000l.; and another for 50,000l. more in December

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Corrupt Ap-the Books of the East India Company immediately. plication of

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Comptroller, (,-v_ Sir John Thompson, Mr. Paul Foley, - Mr. Gwyn, Mr. om

Pollcxfen, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Sir

Sam. Bamardiston: And they to have Power to fend for

Persons and Papers.

Ordered, That the same Committee have Power to inspect the Chamberlain of Londons Books: And that they have likewil'e Power to fend for Persons and Papers.

Mr.

' I

A Person

committed foi refilling to produce Books*

Ways and Means.

CommissionVTS of Accounts.

Gage'sEstate.

Fleetwood's

Ettate.

Howland's

Elute.

7 W. III. 70 — 8° Martii. 259

Mr. James Craggs attending, according to Order:

He was called in: And his Answer to the Commissioners for taking and Hating the publick Accounts being read, he owned the fame:

And it being demanded, by Order of the House, whether he would produce his Books, and be examined before the said Commissioners, upon Oath, touching his Accounts; he excused; and refilled to produce his said Books:

And being acquainted by Mr. Speaker, by Order of the House, That if he perfilted in his Refusal, that the House would proceed with all Rigour and Severity against him; And being withdrawn;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr..John Craggs, one of the Contractors for the Cloathing of the Army, for refusing to produce his Books of Accounts, thereby obstructing the Inquiry of this House into the Disposal of the publick Monies, be committed Prisoner to the Ton er of London;

An Amendment was proposed, by leaving out " Prisoner to the Tower of London

And‘the Question being put, That the Words, " Pri- foner to the Tower of London" stand in the Question; It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That Mr. James Craggs, one of the Contractors for the Cloathing of the Army, for refusing to produce his Books of Accounts, thereby obstructing the Inquiry of this House into the Disposal of the publick Mqnies, be committed Prisoner to the Tcrwer of London; And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mr. Kendall, Sir Ra. Cam, Mr. Rockland, Mr. White,

Sir Robert Oarers, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Cooke, Sir Tho. Fenton, Sir John Banks,

Mr. Vincent, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Boxcycr, Mr. Christie,

Mr. Boyle, Sir Richard Ilart, Lord Robert Russel, Mr.

Holt, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Ash, Mr. England, Mr. Hun* gerford, Mr. Fuller, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Eliah Ilatxcy,

Sir Fra. Massarn, Sir Gcxras Elites, Sir John Moreton,

Mi4. Hobby, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Bur-rington. Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Mannaton, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Cooke, Mr. Scobclf, Mr. Done, Mr. Frcactt, MV.

Neale, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Harley,

Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Arnold,

Sir William Ellis, Sir Richard Temple, Lord Digby, Mr.

Pigot, Mr. Norris, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Wm. York, Mr.

Bele, Lord Edward Russell, I^ord James Russell, Mr. Wharton, Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bulkley, Mr. Stockdale, Colonel Perrey, Sir Robert Cot ton, Mr. Roberts,

Mr. Travers, Colonel Lee, Mr. Smith, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Bere, Mr. Clark, Sir John Key, Lord Cast let on, Mr.

Pooley, Sir Wm. Robin son, Mr. Robin (on, Mr. Lowther:

And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chambers.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Robert Legard and Gallop's Mr. Holford: Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Peter Gollop Gentleman to fell a Farm, and certain Lands called Wantsley; and to vest the Inheritance thereof, in Fee-simple, in such Person or Persons, who shall be Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from him; subject only to the Payment of the Sum of One thousand Pounds Principal Money, with the Interest thereof due, and to grow due, unto the executory Estate of Robert Menfield Gentleman, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Veneris, 8° die Martii;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R John Knight presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the taking and stating the publick Accounts for the Year 1C95: And the same \yas received.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees of William Gage Esquire to raise Money, by a Mortgage of Part of his Estate, for the Preservation of the Timber growing thereon, w>as read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Christie reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the ratifying and confirming a certain Indenture of Lease of Marion Mear in the County of Lancaster, made by the Earl of Derby, and others, to Thomas Fleetwood Esquire, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Elizabeth Howland, the Widow' of John Howland Esquire, deceased, to settle Lands upon the Marriage of his Tole Daughter and Heir; and for settling Lands upon the said Widow Howland, For her Life, in lieu of Dower; and for indemnifying Sir Josias Child, and the said Widow Howland Grandfather, and Mother, of the said Heir, in dispoling of the personal Estate belonging to her, upon her Preler-ment in Marriage, die being under the Age of One-and-twenty Years; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm. JPaxc/et, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Cha. Sidleu, Sir Tho. Lee, Vo l. XL

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom Hackney the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Coach Con>-Thomas Kemp, and others, on behalf of themselves and missioner*. others, the ancient Four hundred licensed Hackney Coachmen, was referred. That they had examined and considered the Matter of the said Petition accordingly; and that they had directed him to report the same to the House, with their Resolutions threupon: And he read the same in his Place; and afterw ards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

The Petitioner's First Complaint.

That several of the Four hundred ancient Hackney Coachmen, their Widows, and Assigns, were refilled Licences; although they produced their Licences, and good Certificates of their Qualifications and Necessitics.

Upon Examination of which Complaint, it appeared to the Committee, by the Testimony of

Edward Phipps; That lie had one of the Four hundred old Licences, No. 237, granted to him; which he produced to the Committee: And that he petitioned the Commissioners to have a Licence; but was refused; though he had always, by virtue of his old Licence, drove a Hackney Coach; and had, at the time he petitioned, a Coach and Horses; And produced his Licence to the Committee.

Alattlu Gray\ That he had one of the Four hundred old Licences transferred to him, by Alice Juhnfon, the Widow of John Johnson, to w hom it was granted: And that he petitioned the Commissioners, who gave him a Month's time to prove the Widow alive; but, before the Month expired, the Commissioners refilled to grant him a Licence, though he produced die old Licence to them.

Edward Jtssop; That he petitioned the Commissioners; and was refused; though he produced a Licence, which he bought for 60/. of the Widow Taylor, w hole Husband was one of the 400 ancient Coachmen.

Tho,

Hackney Coach Commissionere*

260 8° Ma A. 1694.

A

Tho. Kemp; That he married the Widow of Edward him now, on Payment of the several Sums due therefore: Backcellwho had an old Licence: And that he petitioned And that such Persons who had Assignments of such old the Commissioners: but was refused. Licences, for valuable Considerations, purchased, should

Eduard Backrell; That he had one of the old Licences; and petitioned the Commissioners; but was refused.

Edward Hampsted; That he had one of the 400 ancient Licences, No. 334; And that he petitioned the Commissioners; and was refused; though he produced the Licence.

William Ball, Anne Page Widow, with many others, who had Assignments of lonie of the Four hundred ancient Hackney Coachmen; and for which they paid valuable Considerations; they petitioned; and were denied Licences by the Conmiissioners.

a/

And that Anne Bates, Mary Piggot, Anne James, Anne

Holder, John Stayley, Mary Stoughton, Robert Elborough, William Jones, MedcalJ, Samuel Petty, John Paine, W Chamock, with divers others, w ho for many Years had drove Hackney Coaches, and now had Coaches and Horses; when they petitioned the Commissioners for Licences, and offered to pay the Money required by the Act; and had good Certificates of their good Behaviour and Necessities, most of them having Wives, and many Children, without other Means of Livelihood than by driving Hackney Coaches; yet were denied Licences; to their utter Ruin, and to the great Charge of the several Parishes where they lived.

The Answer of the Commissioners.

That the Commissioners published their Summons, for the Notice of the Four hundred ancient Coachmen, in the Gazette of the 4th of June, which was produced; and began to grant Licences on the 11 th of June.

Charles Bolton laid. That the Commissioners appointed Street-keepers, lor each Ward, within the Bills of Mortality, who were to inquire w ho were belt qualified to have Licences; but what Returns they made, he knows not.

The Commissioners said, That of the Petitioners, who had of the 400 ancient Licences in their own Right, none were refused one Licence: And they were not by the Act obliged to grant Two to any Person though he had Two of the ancient Licences, except Eduard Phipps, whose Licence had been taken from him by the Commissioners in -Scotland-yard; for that he kept a Victualling-house: Who granted the Figure he had to Valentine Long, to whom they now granted the Figure.

And as to Edu ard Ifampsted's old Licence, one Terry said he had Right to it; and they gave the Figure to Terrey, supposing him to have the heft Right to it.

They infill, That the Act requires them to give the Preference to the 400 old Coachmen, and their Widow s; and not to any other Persons claiming from them: And that, except as aforesaid, they have granted to so many of them, and their Widows, as were living at the time of their granting Licences and petitioned.

That, for the rest of the Licences, it was arbitrary, and in their Discretion, so as they receive the Money required by the Act: And they have acted according to the belt of their Discretion.

Petitioners Reply.

Edward Phipps produced his old Licence to the Committee; by virtue of which he had always drove a Coach, not only before, but after the Order of the Commissioners of Scotland-yard: And that a Committee of Parliament, in which, Sir Robert Clayton in the Chair, the Determination of the Commissioners in Scotland-yard was agreed to be illegal: And that Phipps his Licence was good; which Sir Robert Clayton, now of the Committee, confirmed.

Edward Hampstedproduced his ancient Licence, figured 334, to the Committee, who take the same to be a good Licence; and ought not have been granted to W idow Terry who, when summoned, shewed her Title was not an original Licence to her, or her Husband.

And the Petitioners infilled. Where one Person had Two old Licences, he ought to have had Two granted to *9

have been intituled to new Licences; and other the poor Hackney Coachmen before others, to w hom granted.

The Petitioners Second Complaint.

That the Licences for which they petitioned, and were denied them, the Commissioners grunted to Porters,

Footmen, Tradesir.en, Gentlewomen, and others.

Upon Examination of which Complaint, it appeared to the Committee, by

Edward Smith; That Richard Hooper hath a Licence, No. 605, granted to him; who is a Porter to a Person of Quality; who rents it, at 8s. per Week, to this Edward' Smith, w ho is an ancient Coachman, and petitioned; but w as refused.

Joseph Parker; That Oliver Tfiam, a Footman, hath a Licence, No. 574; and letts it for Wock: And

this appears so by the Commissioners Books.

Robert Elborough; That John Gibfan, Clerk to Mr. Blathwaite, hath a Licence granted to him, No. 694; who hires it at 8s. per Week to this Robe an ancient Coachman; and who petitioned, and was

But Mr. Blathwait laih, He never recommended this his Servant to the Commissioners for a Licence.

JVm. Jones; That Daniel King, a. Footman to Mr. Wharton, had a Licence, No. 064; which he hires to JVm. Jones at 8 s. per Week.

Air. Wharton, faith, He did not recommend this Daniel King to the Commissioners for a Licence.

Joseph Parker faith, That Mary Davis hath a Licence,

No. 663, granted to her; w'hich appears by the Commissioners Books.

And that Robert Scarcer, a Chandler, had No. 654 granted to him; who hires it out to Tiff eld, a Hackney Coachman.

Anne Holder; That her Husband is an ancient Hackney Coachman, and refused a Licence; and now hires No.

505 of A 'kolas Roof, who is a Coachmaker; to whom it was granted.

Joseph Parker-, That Richard Calloway is an Innkeeper, and never was a Coachman; had the Licence 602 granted to him.

And John Rau'et,a Coach-maker, 592 granted

to him.

And Henry Eldridge, a Shoemaker, had No. 700 granted to him.

And he produced a List of about Twenty, who had Licences, that never were Hackney Coachmen: W'hich Lift the Comir.issioners admitted.

Thomas Boulton; The Licence, No. 655, appears to be granted to one Edward Sisson;which Madam Cousin to Mr. Gee, lefts out to this at S

Week; and Two Guineas for her Good-will.

Joseph Parker; That Madam and Madam

Laufun, are Ladies who pretend great fntrreft with the Commissioners; and have a Chamber where they usually reside, which is just over the Office where the sioners fit.

That several Licences, which are granted to several Persons, the Petitioners say, are only nominal; and that no such Persons are to be found; the Advantage of which Licences others have; particularly one ditdculj hath

No. .589; Thomas Read, and foveral others.

The Commissioners, and their Agents, had time given to produce the Parties, or give Satisfaction to the Committee, that there are such Persons.

But no Satisfaction herein given: And particularly,

Mrs. Metcalfe faith, That her Husband was an ancient

Coachman for Thirty Years, and had Iiortes, Coach, and Stables; hath a great Family to maintain out this Trade; petitioned the Commissioners; had a Promise of a Licence, and paid his Money for it; and then was told that another Person, by the Name of of

the Parish of St.Paul's Grave, Hohad the Li-

cence: Upon which the Petitioner was denied; though

!i

r

7W.ni. W Marti. 161

it appeared to the Coirimittee that no stich Person as Medcalfe lived in Holborn; or that there is any such Pa-riih or Place there.

William Ball faith, That he is an ancient Coachman; and produced his Alignment of one of the 400 old Licences to the Committee, as before he had done to the Commissioners, when he petitioned, and was denied; but afterwards Colonel Fil/iers, one of the Commissioners, his

Coachman told him, if he would give him 651, he would give him a Licence; and he paid the Money; and he bad the Figure 589: and the Licence was in the Name of William Medcalf, of St.Paul's which

had the Hands and Seals of Colonel Fillers and Mr. Gee and the Name only of Mr. (herbtoy, without his Seal; which therefore he was adviied was no good Licence: And he went to Colonel Fillers' House, in hopes to perfect his Licence, or have his 65 /. returned:

A Gentlewoman, whom they called Colonel Fillers' Lady, called him into a Room, and asked to fee his Licence, and would have run away with it; and, making a Noile, the Footman, and other Servants, fell upon him; and, crying out Murder, one of them (topped his Mouth; which the Coachman of the Swedish Em-batiador observing, asked them, if they intended to murder the Man: upon which Mr. Fillers' Wife repaid him in the very feme Money, as he verily believes, which he paid the Coachman; whodefired a Pair of Gloves, saying, that he got nothing by the Sale; but fold it for his M after.

The Swedish Embassador's Coachman confirmed as to the Riot: And Mr. Justice Row affirms. That the Man made Affidavit of all this Matter before him.

The Commissioners had a Day given them to produce William Medea If,of St. Pauk's Grave, Holborn.

The Commissioners Answer.

Mr. Gee said, As to Richard Hooper, he wras recommended to them by the Earl of Pembroke, as his Coachman; but afterwards Mr. Gee confessed he was recommended as his Secant only: And many of the rest recommended by other Gentlemen; but shewed not by whom in particular.

Colonel Fillers said, That he granted the Licence to William Medcalf; and that he was his Servant; but he granted it to him in Trust for his Coachman IFm. Smith, who was then at Tin mouth; and he did so, in regard there are many Licences granted to that Name of Smith, left they should grant more than Tw o Licences to one Man: And that Medcalfhad actually assigned it to Wm. Smith:

And one of the Committee declared he knew Wm. Medcalf.

And Wm. Smith borrow'ed the 501, which he paid for the Licence, of one Hilary; for which he pawned the Licence.

And Colonel Fillers fays, It was without his Privity, That his Servant fold his Licence to Ball; or quarrelled with him; and hopes his Servant's Crimes shall not effect him.

And the Commissioners (ay, They were streighfened in Time; and could not perfectly look into the Qualifications; though, for the generality, they preferred those who had kept Coach and Horses for above Two Years pad.

Petitioners Fourth Complaint.

That above Seven hundred are licensed, within the Bills of Mortality, by colour of Stage Licences, to drive from London to Tunbridge, and toother Places, with the Words " and elsewhere," in their Licences.

Upon Examination of which, some such Licences were produced to the Committee; and laid, there were many more such granted; but they could not procure them of the Stage Coachmen: And John Hunt faith, That James who had a

Stage Licence, drove in London, and carried Passengers to the Exchange, and took a Shilling; and said, He did it by virtue of the Words "and elsewhere," in his Licence: And that he was summoned before the Commissioners, and difclmrged without Punishment.

Yon. XI.

Alice Hudson faith, She petitioned the Commissioners Hackney against these Licences: And Mr. Gee called her impertinent Bitch.

Mr. Saywell faith, That he hired an Elsewhere Stage-

Licence; and, by virtue thereof, drove w ithin the City for Hire.

The Commissioners Answer.

The Word "elsewhere' is inserted in some of the shorter Stage Coaches, as to Tunbridge, and other Places; which was agreed by the Majority of the Commissioners, that the Stage Coaches might let down short, wide, or beyond their usual Stage: But, by colour thereof, they ought not to take up, and let down the same Fare, within the City of London, and weekly Bills of Mortality j for doing of which, James Hunt was by them punished, upon a Second Complaint against him: And thele Licences granted but for One Year.

Mr. Ashurst fays, That he always opposed this Word to be inserted; which the other Commissioners did not deny.

Petitioners Fifth Complaint.

That several Sums of Money were extorted, and demanded of them, before they could procure Licences, by the Commissioners, and other their Agents.

Upon Examination of which;

Anne Bates faith, That her Huflband is an ancient Coachman: Had Coach and Horses, with a Charge of Children, and a Certificate from several Persons of Quality; petitioned the Commissioners; but was refused a Licence; Mr. Fillers telling her, That Licences were to be disposed of to whom he thought fit: And then (he applied to Mrs. Lawson, Mr. Gee's Cousin, who first took Five Guineas of her in Part; but returned them to her to save her Oath; then went with her to Mr. Gee, and acquainted him, That her Husband had been an old Coachman, and had then Coach and Horses; Mr. Gee replied.

No matter for that, he shall have no Licence upon that Account; but upon the Agreement made with Mrs. Law-son, he said, he would stand by it, if Mr. Killigrew and Mr. Overbury would consent; whose Consents (lie could not get: And therefore, (he afterwards being told, that Mr. Killigrew, one of the Commissioners, was likely to affilt her, lhe met him at Whitehall, where he told her. If (he would make him her Friend, he would procure a Licence for her; but said. He must have Five Guineas down, and Five more when (lie had a Licence; for which (lie was to give Fifty Pounds more; but had no Licence.

James Hcely liiitli, He was present when Mr. Killigrew repaid the Value of Five Guineas in Silver, to the said Anne Bates; which was about Nine Weeks after (lie gave the Five Guineas; and about the time the Petition was delivered to the House of Commons.

Amic Bates informed the Committee, That Mr. Killigrew now' threatened, and said, " You eternal Bitch! I'll " be revenged of you."

Anne James faith, That her Husband w'as an ancient Coachman, and petitioned, and was denied; and then was advised to apply to Madam Pent let, who had a Chamber over the Commissioners Office; who told her, (lie had Two or Three Licences todilpole of, and desired to help her to Customers, who would make 110 Words of it; and promised her to get her a Licence for Six Guineas, which lhe then gave her, above the Fifty Pounds:

And then Madam Pawlet had her to the Door of the Office,' and (lie (aw Mr. Gee, one of the Commissioners there, come to the Door; and asked Mrs. Paxtlet, How many Guineas hath the Woman given you ? But the Door then being shut upon this Woman, lhe heard no Answer, or other Woods between them.

Mary Piggot faith, That her Husband hath, for above

20 Years pa It, been a Hackney Coachman, and hath Coaches and Horses of his own; and now hath a great Charge of Children; and was recommended to the Commissioners by the Lord Lisk, and several Justices, and many Gentlemen of Clerkarwell, where they dwelt, petitioned; and, after a Month's daily Attendance, encouraged

3'X by

h

ffaknty Coach Coni' Aissioners*

262 8* Ma A. 1694.

by Mrs. Pawlet, who had taken 5 of her to get her a

Licence, her Husband at last was refuled: But the said Mrs. Paudet hath not returned great Part of the 561.;

but detaineth the fame: And her Husband Henry Piggot, not knowing how to employ his Horses, was forced to hire a Licence, No. 674, of the said Mrs. Paidet, at the Rate of 8#. 6d. per Week, for One Year; and paid into the Hands of Mrs. Powlet 22/. 6 s.; as appears to the Committee, by the Articles signed and, sealed by the said Mrs. Martha Pawlet.

Edward Phipps', He produced one of the 400 ancient Licences to the Commissioners; but Mr. Gee told him. That his Licence was disposed of; but if he would give him 10 Guineas he would procure one.

Richard Leighton, an ancient Coachman, applied to Mr. Gee for a Licence; who told him they were all disposed of; but, for 14 or 15 Guineas, he might have one: And faith, That several Licences were afterwards disposed of.

Edward Sumpter is an ancient Coachman, and hath Coach and Horses; petitioned; and denied: Afterwards applied to Mr. Killigreu's Lady; and, at twice, gave her 1 o Guineas; for which, had a Promile of a Licence; and had, about a Fortnight after, No. 697, accordingly, paying 50/. for it, besides the 10 Guineas: And, upon the first Application to her, Ihe said, She mult first speak with Mr. Killigrew.

Edward Smith; That Colonel one of the Commissioners, his Coachman told him. He would procure him a Licence for 12 Guineas; and th^t he fold it for his Mailer and Lady; but afterwards, when be came for the Licence, the Coachman said, His Mailer would not let him have it for that Money.

Mr. Johnson faith, That Mrs. and Mr.

Pazvlet, live in the same House, where the Commissioners keep their Office; and that he applied to Mr.

Son of Mrs. Fitzharris, to procure a Licence; who said, He must have 10 Guineas for one; of which Mr. Villers mult have Five, and the rest amongst the other Commissioners.

And Fttzharm ffiewed him a Bond from one Carter to pay 36/. to him, if he procured Three Licences for him: Fitzharris laid, He had great Interest with the Commissioners, and could do what he would with them; but he wap to have but a small Part of the Profit; and the greatest Part the Commissioners were to have.

But Fitzharris, being afterwards summoned, denied, that he said he was to give any of the Money to the Commissioners; but confessed he was to have 36 /. to procure the Licences for Carter.

William Jones feith, That he being refused a Licence by the Commissioners, he applied to Mrs. Fitzharris, who took Six Guineas of him, and got him a Licence; just before which Ihe returned him his Five Guineas; and, after the Licence had, he paid her 12 Guineas, betides the />o I. paid for the Licence.

William Goodman faith, That he always earned his Livelihood as a Hackney Coachman; and now hath, and for many Years had, a Coach and Horses, a Wife, and several Children; and had the Recommendation of Mr. Justice TuUey, and other Justices of the Peace, and Debtor Burch, with the Churchwardens of the Parish of St. James's:

That he petitioned the Commissioners for a Licence, and was denied: Then he applied to Mr. Killigrew, who promised him a Licence for 60/.; and ordered him to bring the Money to the Rummer in Channel-Row; which he did accordingly; but was not accepted; he being credibly informed, That Licences were afterwards fold for more Money; and afterwards was forced to hire a Licence at Nine Shillings a Week.

Mary Williams; She petitioned the Commissioners for a Licence for her Son; but denied: And then lhc applied lo Mrs. Pawlet, at the House where the Commissioners

kept their Office, who told her, That if Ihe would give her Nine Guineas, foe would get a Licence of Mr. Villers: . She gave her the Nine Guineas; but, after Eight Days (he returned it again; and laid, She could not get one; Then

*9

Ihe applied to Mr. KxBigrev; who said. He would take no Money; But afterwards Ihe agreed with Mrs. Killigrew to get one; and gave her 1 o Guineas; and Ihe promised her a Licence, Ihe paying 50/. more for a Fine.

She faith further, That some few Days tince, before this Examination, Mrs. Killigrew font for her, and would have returned her the 10 Guineas,

John MUla", That he gave Five Guineas to Madam Pawlet, after he had petitioned, and been denied by the Commissioners; who, procured him a Licence; but told him, That, unless be would give her one Guinea more, Ihe would take away his Licence.

John Tea; That he applied to Madam Pawlet to get him a Licence, hearing Ihe had great Interest with the Commissioners; whoy upon Payment to her of Five Guineas, the Receipt whereof he now produced to the Committee, and not denied by her, ihe promised him a Licence:

But foe said, She was at great Charges in Treats for the Commissioners.

Dorothy AI fop; That Ihe hires of Madam Pawlet a Licence at 75. 6 d. per Week.

Anne Holder; Her Husband, an ancient Coachman, paid Taxes for his Coach; was refused by the Commissioners:

Mrs. Lawson proffered to fell one for 80/. and Eleven Guineas for herself; or to hire one at 11 per Week: Her Husband, being ancient and poor, was forced to fell his Horses, and is ruined.

Eliz. Morris; She gave Mrs. Pawlet Five Guineas to get her a Licence: That Ihe afterwards procured a Licence; but Ihe thinks, not by her Interest only.

John Staley, That he was an ancient Coachman; petitioned; and was refused: After which, Mr. the Commissioners Clerk, told him, He would procure him one for 851, of which he paid 35/. in Part, for Tho. Read; and 501, more to Thom. Read: But no Account could be given of Thomas Read; although time was given to shew there was such a Person.

Thomas Pullein hath been a Coachman for 20 Years; and applied to Mrs. Villers; who said, that Mr.

Lift was full; after which, Mrs. Lawson lent to Mr. Rouse, a Neighbour to Tho.Pullein, to inform him Ilia would help him to a Licence: Then Thomas Pullein came to Mrs. Lawson; who told him, Mr. Gee was her Relation: and therefore could help him for Ten Guineas; but failing, (he infilled to have 15 Guineas; and, after many Treaties, (he laid, She would not under 25 Guineas; which, rather than lose a Licence, after a Month's time spent, hepaid her 2.. in the Presence of and was to give 50 /. more, when he had the Licence; Mrs. Lawson said, She must carry it to the Office; and her Husband, Mr. Lawson, took it, and leerned to go thither with it: But after this Mr. got a Licence,

for which Mr. Pullein paid 50 But, notwithstanding the 50/. now paid, and the 27/. before, to Mrs. Lawson, he would not part with his Licence till he had 61. more of Pullen: And feith, That he never received any Money back again; and That Mrs. Lawson told him, Ihe had Two or Three licences more to dispose of.

Note, This Evidence of Tho. Pullein was given to the Committee after all Parties were heard; and the Committee did not think fit, that the Commissioners should be summoned to give Answer to it.

The Commissioners Answer.

They, in general, fey, That Mrs. Lawson, Mrs. Parc-let, and all other Persons pretending Interest with them, and taking Monies for Licences; if so they did; yet it was without their Authority or Privity; and that the Money came not to their Uie.

Mr. Killigrew faith, There was but Three Licences granted after he was a Commissioner: That he borrowed the Five Guineas of Anne Bates, and honestly repaid it to her; and did not take it as a Bribe: And the hasty Words spoke against Bates he confesses, and begs Pardon of the Committee, it being in their Presence, when Ihe was attending the m.

7 W. III. 8° — 9" Martii. 2(53

John Davis feith, That as to the 10 Guineas pretended to be given by Eduard Sumpter, to Mrs. that

Sumpter came to him, and laid, He was undone, if he had no Licence; and therefore Davis applied to Mrs. KHiigreand, by her Interest, got him a Licence; for which be bad 10/.; but Mr. Killigrew, nor his Wife, had none of the Money.

Mr. Gee faith, He believes the Women, and other Persons pretending Interest with him, are idle Persons, and made an ill Use of his Name: That he received no Money but for the King's Use, according to the Act; and denies That which Anne James faith: And that he did not a(k Mrs. Pazrlet how many Guineas (he had: And denies

other the I'acts alledged against him.

Mr. Fillers denies tikewife the Fasts charged against him.

Mr. Askurstfaith, That he never took any Money, or

figued any Licence for Gain, directly or indirectly; neither did the Witnesses pretend to charge him: And the Petitioner's Counsel said they could not charge him with any thing.

Mr. Overbuiy denies he made any indirect Profit whatsoever; and those who pretended Interest with him to procure Licences, did it without any Ground.

Mrs. Pawlet fays. She never was encouraged by any of the Commissioners to fell any Licences:

But beiugafked, if (he wrote Letters to any of the Commissioners; and if, at her Request, any Licences were granted ? She then confefied, lhe wrote Letters to Mr. Gee, and Mr. Fillers, for Licences; and, at her Request, Licences were granted; and confefied, (he had received several Sums to procure Licences: And, as to the Licence die hired to Mr. Piggot, (he said, It was for Mr. Justice Tulley :But he, being summoned, disclaimed any Interest in any Licence.

Mrs. Lawson ahb faith, She was not employed by the Commissioners to fell any Licences.

Several that were accused, were summoned; but could not be found j *fod feme, who were femmoned, excused themselves by Sickness.

The Petitioners Sixth Complaint.

That die Licences were all ligned and sealed, and left

blank with their Secretary, and filled afterwards.

Answer.

It is true: But they were afterwards filled up by their Secretary; and he did not fill up any without a further Order from Three of the Commissioners.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hackney That several of the Commissioners appointed to putin Coach Corn-Execution an Act, passed the Inst Session of this present ml loners‘ Parliament, intituled, An Act for the licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Stage Coaches, have, by receiving Bribes, and by other undue Means, acted corruptly and arbitrarily, contrary to the Authority and Trull reposed in them by the said Act.

Resolved, That . the lad of the said Resolutions be re-committed to the said Committee; and that they do distinguish the Commissioners: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report of the Conference with the Conference Lords be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morn- witl1 Lord*, ing next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Thame* whom the Bill for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of and Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames, westward of ' the City of London; and for ascertaining the Price of Water-carriage upon the said River; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Preventing whom the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation ^£P°.n of of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preserva- 00 tion of the publick Market at Blackwel; and for the Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manu-fastares, in Payment of their Wages; was committed; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Sevennighb

Mrs. Shorter and Mrs. Bourman, attending according Charge of

to Order, were severally called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Also Sir Hen. Marwood, attending, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Information being given, by a Letter produced in this House, That Mr. Bracer, a Member thereof, had re-

ceived Money for promoting a Bill in this House;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That, upon a full Examination of the several Persons concerned therein, at the Bar of this House, it appears to this House, That the said Information is false, scandalous, and groundless.

Corruptiou again It a Aiembei declared false.

The Petitioners Seventh Complaint.

That they imposed an Oath to such who had Licences

That they did not give above 50/. for their Licence.

The Commissioners Answer.

This is trueWhen a Clamour was spread, That Money was indirectly taken, tow ards the latter End of their granting Licences, they gave such a voluntary Oath; which they hope they might.

But Mr. Ashurst faith. He opposed giving this Oath: Which was admitted.

Mrs. Bates fitith, That when (he was in Treaty with Mrs. Lawson for a Licence, and that Mrs. Lawson told her, there was Device to avoid the new Oath; and told her (he must keep the Money, or lay it on a Table, till the Oath taken, and then return it again; or else (he could take it from the Table, after the Oath taken; for. fays (he, your Oath is what you have given, and not what you shall give.

But Mrs. Lawson denied this; which the other offered to make Aifidavit of.

And that, upon the Examination and Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, the Hackney Coachmen, have proved the Substance of their Complaint; and are worthy of the Consideration and Relief of this Ijoufe.

Vol. XL

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That the Report of the Bill for continuing Punishing Two Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall Mutiny and mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing e erU01*' false Mullers; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; be made upon Tuesday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 9* die Martii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

SI R Ralph Carr presented to the House, according to Boats for Order, a Bill for the better Admeasurement of Keels, cany ing aftd Keel-Boats, in the Port of Newcastle upon Tine, and Co*k Members thereof; and for the Encouragement of Navigation, by Exportation of Coals from the same: And the Bill was received.

St. Martin's in the Vintry Church-yard

jfe rook's Estate.

Peirce's

Estate.

Earl of

Salisbury's

Estate.

Leave of

Absence,

9° — 116 Marin. A, 1694;

Sir Thomas Vernon reported from the Committee, to

» whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm a Grant made by the Reftorof the united Pa-rithes of St. Michael-Royal and Martin sin the Vintry,

London, of Part of St. Martins Church-yard, was committed, That they had examined and considered the lame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Dyot reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vetting the Manor of Hfaddy, and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of the

Estate of BazilBrook Esquire, in Trustees, for raising

Monies for the Payment of Debts, and for securing his Wife's Jointure, w as committed. That they had examined and considered the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. JValler reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the veiling certain Lands and Tenements, the Estate of George Gilbert Peirce, of the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, in Trustees, for the raising Monies for the Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the house; and is as followeth;

Press last, L. 15, after " notwithstanding," add Clause A, for the Trustees to account to the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of England, during the Lunacy of the said Geo. Gilbert Peirce; and to himlilf, in case lie shall come to be of fane Memory.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of James Earl of make Leases of Salisbury-House, and some other Hereditaments in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, for the Improvement thereof by building, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Robert Davers, Lord Parc let, Mr. Dyot, Lord Coningsby, Sir Tlin.Vernon, Mr. Mr.

Colonel God fry, Mr Colt, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Chris-

tie, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Burdet, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Lordlier, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Dolben, Sir Ch. Hind-

ham, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir /I 'm.Forester, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Mounlague, Mr. England, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. P.Blount, Mr. Marcdit, Mr. Kendall, Sir Cooper, Sir Robert

Eden, Mr. Freeman, Mr. RenneMr. Mr.

got, Mr. Cocks, Sir Cl at.Raleigh, Mr. Hedger, Sir Key, Mr. Lampion, Mr. BulkleyAnd they are to meet

on Monday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Bennel have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Goff ha.se Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Fawkes have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Backwell have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Manmton have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Stawell have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Certain Fer-Sir Robert Regard: ‘ son*to t&k*

Mr. Speaker, Oaths.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act requiring certain Persons to take the Oaths to his Majesty :-To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Iloule, according to the Order of the Day, re- ways and solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred j and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Re solved. That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on' the War against France with Vigour.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock. 1

Luna, 11° die Mariii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Finch s the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements in Trustees, to be sold, for the better Provision of the Daughters and Coheirs of Joseph Finch Esquire, deceal'ed, was commit-' ted, That they had examined and considered the same f and had directed him to report the same to the House, w ithout any Amendments: And he delivered the same in* at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pit's Deed of for supplying certain Defects in the Directions made in &c* and by a Deed of Trust, and the last Will of George Pit Esquire, deceased, for settling his Estate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mompesson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouraging Encouragement and Increal'e of Seamen: And that Sir fceaineu-Richard Onslow do prepare, and bring in, live fame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Certain Per-requiring certain Persons to take the Oaths to his Majesty, ^ns to take was read the Eirft time. at

And the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for teVca,^ . 110.

Tellers for U,e Noes, } 73-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Serjeant at Arms' Messenger was called in j and Steps take* gave an Account of what he had done, in pursuance of for ^PPre* the Order of the House, for taking into Custody Mr:

Standish, of Standish in the County of Lancaster.

And then withdrew.

Ordered,

.vie5!

f>.

0

iG

Dt* "C

k

7 W. III.

ir

i a° Martii.

265

Regulating Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating of

Printing and printing, and Printing-Prefles, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Commis-tiooera of Accounts.

West

Thorock

Inundation.

Tonage

Duties.

Ways and

Means.

Ordered, That the Bill for taking and stating the publick Accounts for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Matter of the Petition of the Poor of Cobham College, and the Proprietors of Lands, now under Water, in West-Thorock, in the County of Essex, was re-committed, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next,

Refokoed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take into Consideration the Motion made, upon Wednesday last, from the Committee of the whole IJoufe, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, passed the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of Southampton, and the Town of Portsmouth, and to all the Coasting-Trade; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto: And that afterwards this House will relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

The House, according to the Order of the Day revived itself into a Committee of the whole iloule, to consider further of Ways anti Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the house, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

mined and considered the fame; and had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the feme in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 32, leave out " Barbara? and insert John? and, after " Hutton? insert " El'quire."

Mr. Tredenham reported from the Committee, to whom Rogers the ingrofifed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act toen- kftau. able Jane Rogers, the Widow and Relict of Bryan Rogers, late oi.Fahnouthy Merchant, dccealed, and Administratrix of his Goods and Chattels, with his Will annexed, and other Trustees therein named, to fell Lands, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Brian Rogers, in performance of his Will, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk s Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act chaitor'i to veil certain Lands of Sir William Chaitor Baronet, in Estate. Yorkshire and Durham, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and to secure Portions for younger Children, was read a Second time.

Re/b/vedy That the Bill be committed to Sir Ralph Carr,

Mr. WhitCy Mr. I.oiethev, Mr. Hedger, Sir Jof. Trtden-haiCy Sir William Cooky Mr. Cocks, Sir John Bland, Mr.

Carter, Sir Tho. Hajlcrigg, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Waller, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Stockdaie, Mr. Christie, Mr. Arnoldy Mr. Englamly Mr. Roberts, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Kenyon9 Mr. Gccy Mr. Luttenll, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir John Wynny Mr. Bern. Granvill\ Mr. Blozrfield, Sir John Moreton, Mr. jBedding field, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Lloydy Mr. Fazckes, Mr.

Clarke, Sir Tho. Roberts, Colonel Perry, Mr. Bertie; and all the Members thatferve for the Counties of York and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Richard Onslow presented to the House, according Encouraging to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen. Seamen: And it was received; and read the Firit time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Howlands

Iftate*

Want

EAale.

Martis, 12° Martii;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SIR Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable E/iz. Hm, the Widow of John Howland Esquire, deceased, to settle Lands upon the Marriage of his l'ole Daughter and Heir; and for settling Lands upon the said Widow Howland, for her Life, in lieu of Dower; and for indemnifying Sir Jim as,

and the Widow Howland, Grandfather, and Mother, of the said Heir, in disposing of the personal Estate belonging to her, upon her Preferment in Marriage, file being under the Age of One-and-twenty Years; was committed; That they had examined and considered the same; and had had the Consent of all Parties thereunto; and particularly in relation to the Account mentioned in the Bill; and that thereupon the Committee had agreed to the Bill; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William IVanley, an Infant, under the Age of One-and-Twenty Years, to new-build several Messuages or Tenements in Ax-yard, King-street, Westm 'mjler; and to en-

able his Guardian to make one or more Lease or Leases lor effecting the fame; was committed j That they had exa-Vo 4. XI.

A Bill for the better Admeasurement of Keels, and Boat* carry-Keel-Boats, in the Port of NaccafiU upon Tyne, and Mem- ing Coals, bers thereof; and for the Encouragement of Navigation, by the Exportation of Coals from the same; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better regulating of the plantation Plantation-Trade; and preventing the Shipping of To- Trade, bacco in Bulk; be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Seobell reported from the Committee appointed to Clipping receive Proposals howr to prevent clipping of the Coin of l,ie Coin; this Kingdom for the future; and the Exportation of I>reventlon* Silver; and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had received several Proposals accordingly; and had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House: And he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow; vis.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the best way to prevent clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom for the future is, to new-coin the same into milled Money.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Ten hundred thousand Pounds is a sufficient Sum to make good the Deficiency of the present clipped Coin of this Kingdom.

3 Y 3. Resolveedt

Leave of Absence.

Comraiffi oners of Accounts.

Proclamation for Apprehending Mr. Standish.

Ways and Means.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Crown and Halferown, hereafter to be coined, shall be of the present Weight and Finenels.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Crown Piece shall go at Five Shillings Sixpence; and the Halfcrown shall go at Two Shillings Ninepence.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present milled Crown Piece go for 5 s. 6d.; and the Halfcrown for Two Shillings Nine-pence.

C. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Money, to be coined under the Denomination of die Halfcrown, shall have a Remedy of Sixpence in the Ounce.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for as much of the present Coin, as any Person brings into the Mint, he shall have Weight for Weight, and the Overplus by a Bill or Ticket, at per Cent, on a Fund, to be appropriated for that Purpose.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Laws against clipping be enforced by some Additions.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons whole Professions require such-like Tools or Engines, as may be made use of for coining or clipping be obliged to register their Names, and Places of Abode; and that it be penal on such as neglect to do the fame.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be penal on all such Persons on whom Clippings are found.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be penal on all such Persons as give more for any Silver Coin than if ought to go for by Law.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Prefles, such as are used for coining, be in any other Place than his Majesty's Mint.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be penal on all such Persons as shall import any clipped or counterfeit Money.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be penal on any Person to export English Bullion; and the Proof to lie upon the Exporter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it be penal on any Person to counterfeit any foreign Mark upon Bullion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

Ordered That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Ashley have Leave to go int° the Country upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir IVm. Strickland have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bence have Leave to go into the 'Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bushy Mansell have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for taking and stating the publick Accounts for the Year 1695, was read the Firsttime.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, That he will please to issue out his Royal Proclamation for taking and apprehending of Mr. Stan dish, of Standish in the County of Lancaster.

Sir Thomas Littleton, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply to he granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, the Resolutions of the said Committee;

which they had diredbed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are ht

follow; Viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, a Duty be laid upon Glass.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twelve-pence a Dozen be laid upon all Glass Quart Bottles.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Six-pence a Dozen be laid upon all Glali Pint Bottles.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Duty, in proportion, to what is laid upon [Quart] and Pint Bottles, be laid upon all other green Glass Bottles, of a greater or lesser Size.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Doty, in proportion, be laid upon all Flask Glass Bottles.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 20/. per Cent, ad valorem, be laid upon all Flint Glass.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 15/. per Cent, ad valorem, be laid upon all other Glass, not otherwise charged, except Window-glass.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 20/. per Cent, ad valorem, be laid upon all Plate-glafe, or Glass-plates.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of 10 I. per Cent, ad valorem, he laid upon

all Window-glass.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like respective Duties be laid upon all Glass imported, over and above all Duties payable for the fame, as Glass made in England is charged with.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Duties be laid upon all Stone and Earthen Bottles imported and made in England, as upon Glass Bottles.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Coal water-borne, in Ships, or other Vessels, in order to be shipped.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Culm water-borne, in Ships, or other Vessels, in order to he shipped.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Coals be 5 s. per Chaldron, reckoning Six-and-thirty Buthels to the Chaldron,

Chester Measure.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty upon Culm be 1 per Chaldron, according to the same Measure.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 5 s.per Ton be laid upon all Coal imported from Scotland, over and above the Duties now payable upon the fame.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said respective Duties upon Coal and Culm bo paid at the Port, or Place of Importation, except as to what shall be exported for Ireland.

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Coal and Culm exported for Ireland, shall be paid at the Port, or Place, where the same shall be shipped.

19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1695, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, the Remainder of the Term of Ninety-nine Years, after the Lives determined, vested in the Crown by an Act;, made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of Ring William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for

securing

The Word " Glass' is in this Place inserted in the Journal, instead of the Word " Quart:" And that Mistake is here corrected from the original Report, and the printed Voles.

7 W. III. i Mrrtii. *67

Ways and Means.

Corrupt

Application

fecuting certain Re&wopentefes and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Perform as shall veflnntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand bounds, towards carrying on the War again France, be disposed of.

20. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Estate, not exceeding Ninety-Six Tears, charged with the Lives in being, be granted upon the Fund provided by an Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of King IViUktmand Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, towardscarrying on the War against France with Vigour; and be disposed of.

21. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Remainder of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years be disposed of to the Persons who have Lives thereupon, at Four Years and an Half's Purchase.

22. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in Default of the said Persons purchasing the Remainder of the said Term, by a certain Time, the same be disposed to any other Person, at Five Years Purchase.

23. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, as to the Estate not exceeding Ninety-six Years, to be granted, such Part thereof as is charged with One Life, be disposed of to the Persons who have Lives thereupon, at Four Years and an Half's Purchase.;

24. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in Default of the said Persons purchasing the said Estate, after One Life, by a certain Time, the same be disposed to any other Person, at Five Years Purchase.

25. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Burials, Births, Marriages, Coals, and Glals, be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Five Years.

The First 16 of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Seventeenth Resolution being read a Second time; An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out "except as to what shall be exported for Ireland:' And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the said respective Dufies upon Coal and Culm be paid at the Port, or Place of Importation.

The Eighteenth Kesolution being read a Second time: And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Duty upon Coal and Culm, exported for Ireland, shall be paid at the Port or Place, where the same shall be shipped;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, upon the several Resolutions for the Supply, which have been agreed unto by the House: And that Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Clause be brought in for a Draw-back, upon the Exportation of all Glals, upon Oath first made, that the Duty was paid before.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to considerof Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and which was, the 28th of February last, ordered to be made upon that Day Sevennight; be made upon the 10th Day of May next.

Mr. Foley reported, from the Committee, who were appointed, on Thursday last, to inspect the Books erf the Vol. XI.

Fasi-India Company, and also the Books of the Chamberlain of London, the several Matters, as they appeared

to the Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read and are as follow j viz.

As to the East India Company.

That the Committee, as soon as they canid tb the Fet-rt-India House, understood. Some Clerks of the Company, by Order, had lately taken out of their Books an Account of all Money paid for the special Service of die Company,' beginning in the Year 1688; which the Committee called for: The Abstract of which is as followeth:

Paid in Cash for the Company's special Service.

In the Year 1688 £ ». - 1,284 13 d. 6

1689 2,006 2 2

1690 3,056 3 8

1691 11,372 15 0

1692 4,659 >5 4

1693' - 80,468 16 8

1694 4,075 6 3

£. 107,013 12 7

Upon which the Committee observing, That the greatest Payment was in the Year 1693 j they searched for the Orders for the iftiiing of that Money; the chief of which were,

One dated the 13th of April 1693; at a Court of Committee, in the Words following:

The Governor, this Day acquainting the Court with what Proceedings had been made in their Affairs, towards granting a new Charter; and with what had been disbursed by him in Prosecution thereof; the Court approved of the said Charges; and ordered a Warrant to be made out for the fame; returned him Thanks for his great Care, Pains, and Trouble in their Service; and defined him to proceed in the perfecting thereof.

Another was dated the 24th of November 1693, at a Court of Committee, held the same Day; viz.

The Governor, this Day making a Representation df what Sums of Money had been by him disbursed in the Management and Carrying on of the Company's Affairs, for their Service; the Court approved thereof; and ordered, That a Warrant be made out for making the same paid in Cash accordingly; giving him their Thanks for his great Care and Pains taken therein.

Another was at a Court of Committee, the 22th of January 169J; in the Words following:

It being represented to the Court, That in the further Prosecution of the Company's Affairs, and in order to their Settlement, there has been several Sums of Money disbursed, amounting to 30,0601, in the Whole; the Particulars whereof are now laid before them, and Consideration thereof had; it is ordered. That the said Money be made paid in Cash; and that a Warrant be made out accordingly.

That the Committee find, by Examination of most of the Persons present at the aforesaid Committees, That the Governor, in the said Committees, did only in general inform, what Sums he had disbursed, without naming the Particulars, to whom, or for what Service; which, several of them said, was a new Course, since Sir Thom. Cook came to be Deputy-Governor, or Governor; but at all times, before he was concerned, the Particulars of all Sums, for the special Service of the Company, were declared.

Further, the Committee found. That in pursuance of the First Order, dated the 19th of April 1693, 22,275/. was paid out of Cash, in pursuance of that Order;

and

of M©oqr

by II. U

268 i2" Martii. A. 1694.

Corrupt and 24,983/. in pursuance of the next Order, the 24th of Application November 1693; and 30,000l. in pursuance of the last by E°Ly Order of the 22th of January 1693; amounting in all to Company. 77,258/.; besides several smaller Sums, amounting in the Whole, to 10,144/. 12s. 3 which, with the former Sum, makes 87,402/. 12 3 all issued whilst

Sir Tho. Cook was Governor, and Francis Tyson Esquire Deputy-Governor, for the special Service of the Company.

Besides those Warrants, the Committee found what was called a previous Order: A Copy of which is as follows:

At a Court held the 24th of November 1693.

Sir Thomas Cook Governor,

Francis Tyson Esquire Deputy-Governor:

It is ordered, That the Cashier-general do, from time to time, make Payment of such Sums of Money, for carrying on of the Company's Service, as the Governor shall direct, pursuant to the Sense of the present Debate.

By virtue of which, the Governor received several Sums between that and the 22th of January following; at which time, he declared, he had disbursed 30,000l.; and had an Order then for placing the same to Account; as is before observed.

The like previous Order was alleged to be made before the other Warrants for the 22,275 /. and 24,983/.; but the Committee had not time to inl'pect the fame.

That the Committee understood, That, at a Court held the 20th of December 1694, several Members were iin-powered to meet, and consider the Matters to them referred, by Order of the 14th of November 1694; who, in pursuance thereof, had drawn up a State of the Company's Calli, to be presented to the Company, dated at the East India House the 7th of March 1694*: In which State near all the aforesaid Sums were observed to be paid, and placed to the Company's Account of Charges general paid out of Calli; viz.

In 1688, and 1689.

Sir Ben. Bathurst Governor, and Sir! , *'

JosiahChild Deputy-Governor j ,230 14

1690, and 1691.

Sir Jos. Hern Governor, Sir Tho. Cook\

Deputy-Governor - - J 13> 532 9 2

1692, and 1693.

Sir Tho. Cook Governor, Mr. Tyson}

Deputy - - - " j lit 3

In the Whole - £.103,165 15 5

Of the Disposal of which Money, the Committee lay, They have been able to obtain no further Account, titan that the same is made paid in the Company's Books, in general Terms, for special Service; and that a great Part thereof was, as they are informed, put into the Hands of Sir Bazil Firebrace: And the most material Orders of Court, that appeared to them, to relate to the greatest Sums, were those of the 13th of April 1693; the 24th of November 1693; and the 22th of January 1693; before observed.

In the said State, drawn by the said Committees, they observe, That, upon Examination of the Company's Calli-Book, they found the Balance, the 31th of October 1694, was 124,249/. 15s. 10 They demanded of Mr. Portmans, the Cashier, If he had the same in Calli? He replied, He had not: But, instead thereof, laid before them, in Writing, on the 22th of November 1694, That 90,000l. was lent upon Sir Thomas Cook's Notes; with other Particulars, which make up the above-mentioned Balance.

For which 90,000 /. Mr. Portmans produced the then Governor Sir Tho. Cook's Note, in hcec verba.

Received, the 1 oth of January 169 ' , for Account of the East India Company, Ninety thousand Pounds; which I have disbursed and paid, for Ninety-nine thousand One hundred Ninety-seven Pound Stock in the East India Company, for their Account: Which

I promite to be accountable, for Account of the East India Company; and was by Order of Court ot the

24 of November 1693.

The said Committee do observe. That they do not find any Warrant for the said Sum, or any of that Stock trank ferred in the Company's Books for their Account, excepting 18,300l. Stock, the 16th of January last.

The Committees of the Eaj Company, besides the State above of Calli, did draw up another State of ContraQs: In which they say, They found a Contract, bearing Date the 26th of February 1693, for 200 Ton of Saltpetre, to be brought home in the Ship Seymour, from India, to pay the Sum of 12,000 /. for the fame, and 25 /. Freight per Ton to the Owners of the Ship, besides all Charges here: 2,000 /. Part of the said 12,000 /. was the Sum sent out to purchase the said Saltpetre, is actually paid out of the Company's Calli; and a Bond for the remaining 10,000l. is given under the Seal of the Company, payable the 31th of March next; 1695; whether the Ship arrived in Safety or not; with this Limitation only, That if 200 Ton of Petre was not laden upon the said Ship, then to pay in proportion to the Want thereof: So that the Result of this Contract: is, The Company runs the Adventure of 12,000 /. for that which cost only 2,000 /.} and mud consequently lose 12,000 /. if the Ship milcarry; and, on the contrary, the Seller, on the other hand, gets 10,000 /. clear, without dilburfing, or running the Hazard of, One Peny: And what is yet more, a certain Loss of 9, or 10,000l. will attend, if the Ship arrive in Safety.

That the Committee examining the Members of the Company, concerning this State, they own the ContraCfc to be true; that the 2,000 /. was paid; and the Bond given to Mr. Thomas Colston.

About the same time this Contract was made, it appeared to this Committee, That lb many of the Interlopers as would fell their Shares, they had in the Interlopers, to the East India Company, w'ere allowed their first Cost, and 25 /. per Cent. Advance: Which was done by giving them Credit for so much in the East India Books.

That the Committee finds. Sir Samuel Sir

John Fleet, John Perry Esquire, Sir Joseph Herne, Sir

Tho. Cook, are mentioned to be present at the Court of Committees, when the Order's above recited were made: But, they being all Members of this House, the Committee did not think fit to fend for them, in order to their Examination.

And, upon the whole Matter, it appeared to the Committee, That the Money issued during the Time of Sir Joseph Herne and Sir Tho.Cook's Government, was disposed of by them for private Service; which they have caused. to be placed to the Company's Account, under the Head of Charges-general; of which, the rest of the Committees, who were present at the Debate, and making those Orders, most of them, except the Members of this House, have been examined by the Committee, are not able to-give any Account.

But one of them; viz. Sir Benjamin Bathurst, said, Sir Joseph Herne had the greatest Part of the 13,532 /

9 s.2d. to dispose of: And Sir Bcnj. Bathurst would have called for an Account thereof; but Sir Cook desired he would not: And the Committee of Nine, who was to inspect the whole Matter, have often called upon Sir Tho. Cook to give an Account to whom he has distributed the Money he received; to whom he sometimes promised to give an Account; but never did: And at another time said. It was not convenient for them to have it; so that the Secret of that Service, and the placing of that Money, lies principally with Sir Tho. Cook and Sir Jof Herne.

Sir Benjamin Bathurst being examined, he said, That finding so great a Sum as 30,000 /. charged for secret Services, he had feme warm Discourse with Sir Thomas Cook about it, to know how it was disbursed; but he refused to give him any Particulars; and told him, He should remember he was bound, by his Oath to the

Company,

Charge asraintl Sir John Trevor, Speaker.

7 w III.

12° Mdrtii.

269

Company, to keep their Secrets: Towhich heanswered', He «The withia-mentioned One thou fend Guineas were deli- Charge

was also bound by Oath to be true to the Interest of the

Company.

Sir Benjamin Bathurst further said, That, about April 1694, understanding the y were in want of Money, he looked into the Calli-Book, which casting up, found a

Speaker,

vered, and paid, unto the Honourable Sir John Trevor, agtiimi sir this 2"2th Day of Jum 1C94, in the Presence of Sir Jolin Trevor» Robert Clayton, Sir James Houblon', which, at 22s.

Exchange, comes to - - - - 1,100l.

In the Chamberlain'* Account of Calli, the Entry is

considerable Sum in Cash; and, taking some Persons with thus; him, difeourfed Sir Thomas Cook thereof; who laid, The Paid, the 22th of 1694, by Order of the Committee

90,000l. he had received was to gratify some Persons, in case the Bill should pals.

Sir Benjamin fays, Sir Thomas , and Sir Bazil Firebrace made the Bargain about Saltpetre; but he knew nothing of it till he came into Court

Sir Bazil Firebrace, being examined, owned, He had received upward of 16,000l.; of which he has given an Account to the Company; which was for buying Shares of Stock; and of which the Company had allowed: But said, He knew no Ground the Committee of 1$ine had to say, That a great Part of the other Sums were put into his Hands.

He owns, He invited several Persons to come into the Company; and offered to lay down Money for l'everal, and that if they liked it not at the Year's End, he would then take it off their Hands; and to Members of the House of Commons, among others; and gave an Account to the Company of his doing so; who.promised to indemnify him.

Concerning the Accommodation with the Interlopers; The Company had a Letter, from the Lord Nottingham, That it was the King's Pleasure, that they should come to an Agreement with the Interlopers; the Proposal to whom was, 25/. per Cent, for bringing in their Stock to the Company, and one Half of the Profit besides; which about one Half of the Interlopers accepted: But Mr. Gods rey, and some others, handing upon 30per Cent. Mr. Colston went off with them, and did not come into the Company.

Mr. tVardsaid, It was agreed by the Interlopers, That

only 2,000l. should be employed in buying of Saltpetre; and Mr. Colston was ..... the Advantage thereof; which, he believes, was not for Mr. Colston himself, but for some other Gentlemen: And the original Inducement to the Leave of the Interlopers going out was, That Agreement with Mr. Colston.

As to the Orphans;

That the Committee found an Order of the Common-Council for the City of London, dated the 24th of January 1693, which nominated and appointed Sir Thom. Stamp, Sir Francis Child, Sir James and Sir tl m. Hedges, Knights, and Aldermen; Sir Henry Knight,

Mr. Deputy Ayres, Mr. Gilbert Heathcot, Johnson, Colonel Tho.Cuthbert, Mr. Tho. Mr. John

Harvey, Mr. Daniel Dorvilte, Commoners; or any Two of the said Aldermen, and Four of the said Commoners, to be a Committee, to consider of Ways and Means for satisfying the Debts due-to the Orphans of this City; and to solicit the Parliament for a Bill for that Purpose: In which it is ordered, That Mr. Chamberlain do, from time to time, issue out and pay all such Sums of Money as are required by, and necessary for, the said Committee for promoting the said Service; and the Members who serve for this City in Parliament, are defin'd to be assisting to the said Comtnitce, as there shall be Occasion; and Mr. Borret, the City Solicitor, is to attend the said Committee.

That the Committee found an Order, made by the said Committee, dated the 1 2th Day of February 1693, reciting the said Order of Common-Council; and ordering. That Mr. Chamberlain do pay to the Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, the Sum of One thousand Guineas, so food as a Bill be passed into an Act of Parliament, for satisfying the Debts of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the said City: Which Order was subscribed by all the said Committee appointed by Common-Council, except Sir James Houblon and Mr. Deputy Ayres: And on the Back of the said Order was this Indorsetnent: viz.

Vol. XI.

appointed by Order of Common-Council, to consider of Ways and Means for satisfying the Debts due to the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City; and to solicit the Parliament for a Bill to that Purpose; dated the 12th of February last; One thousand Guineas; being paid to the Honourable Sir John Trevor Knight, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, pui suant to the said Order; which, at 2 2 s.Exchange, is 1,100l.

That the Committee understood, Sir Robert Clayton was ill, and out of Town.

They font for, and examined, Sir James Houblon, who said, He refilled to sign the Order of the Committee, of the 12th of February, not approving thereof: And, being offered

a Second time, lie refusedit again; and abhorred it: But that Sir Robert Clayton did, on the 22th June 1694, lend for him to come to him; who accordingly, imagining it was only to meet some Aldermen, went to him; where he found the Chamberlain: And, at Sir Robert's Desire, they went together to the Speaker, to give him Thanks for his PainS about the Orphans Bill; and, as soon as Sir Robert and he bad passed a Compliment on the Speaker, the Chamberlain pulled out a Note or Bill, which he delivered the Speaker; which the Speaker took; and presently they all took their Leave of him, and came away:

Sir James Houblon faith, He did not know the Contents of the Bill; but the Chamberlain said, It was for Eleven hundred Pounds; and that, within Two or Three Days afterwards, the Speaker lent for the Money, and had it accordingly; but he placed it to Account, according to the Day he delivered the Bill; which was the 22th of June.

That the Committee observed, That the Order of the Committee of the Common-Council, which now Hands dated the 12th of February, was at first dated the 13th of February; and that the Person named therein was put in by a different Hand: And, examining who first wrote the Warrant, Mr. Borret owned it was his Hand-writing: And at first said, That he believed the Blank at first left therein, was filled up with the Speaker's Name, before the Committee ligned it; because he believed they would not let their Hands to a Blank: But all the Committee who ligned it, who appeared upon Summons, declaring, most of them positively. That there was a Blank for the Person's Name, when they ligned it; and the rest being doubtful; Mr. Boi'rct afterwards said, The Blank might be filled up afterwards; but he could not tell the Time: Mr. Borret owned, he filled up the Blank with another Pen.

Sir Thomas Stamp was out of Town; and Sir Henry Furnace was lick: The rest appeared before the Committee,

Sir Francis Child, on his Examination, owned, lie had subscribed the Paper of the 12th of February, as one of the Committee: But faith. He did not attend the Committee, nor Sir Robei't Clayton when he attended the Speaker; and could give little Account of this Matter.

Sir IVm.Hedges owned his Hand to the Order of the

Committee; and that he was at the Committee who agreed this Matter: He faith. Air. Borret, as he thinks, was the Person who told the Committee the Bill could not pass, without giving That Sum j and though the Order was drawn with a Blank, yet the Discourse at the Committee was. That the Speaker was the Person to whom the Sum was to be given: He knew nothing of the Speaker's being acquainted therewith.

Air. DanielDoi-villeownod, He had subscribed the Order

of the Committee: He faith. That he attending in the Lobby, at the House of Commons, upon Account of the Orphans, Mr. George Finch, Merchant, told him. That

3 Z if

270

12° Martii.

A. 1694.

Charge if there were not feme Guineas given, That Bill would not against Sir go on; and laid, Two thousand Guineas was necessary Speaker0* 8*ve him, meaning the Speaker, as he understood: And that Mr. Borrct likewise declared his Opinion, That Money must be given; and, he believeth, Mr. Borret was ' the firli that moved it in the Committee, and named the

Sum: But after the Committee had agreed thereunto, the Bill going on, Mr. Finch asked, What they had given ? Which Mr. Dorcille refused to tell him; but he believes, and understood, That, before the Bill passed, or any thing material was done in it, the Speaker had notice of the said Order of the Committee, and approved thereof; but knows not whether by Mr. s Means,

or by what other Hand.

Mr. Thomas Cuddon owned his Signing of the Order of the Committee: He faith. The first Rife of this Matter was, That, having prosecuted a Bill for this Purpose, in former Sessions, for a long time, without EfftCl, the Committee thought it proper to give this Sum to the Speaker, for Leave for the Bill to be brought in; and it was signed by the Committee, before the Bill was carried into the House; and believes, that the Purport of this Order was imparted to the Speaker, before the Bill was carried into the House: And further faith, That Mr. , and , Mr. Shepherd, and, he thinks, Mr. Geo. Finch, Persons

soliciting for the Orphans, told him, It would coll them as much as it would cost the City.

Mr. John Harvey owned the Signing of the Order; and that in the Committee there was a Discourse of several Suras to be given, to procure the Bill to pals; some naming 500, others 1,000, some 2,000 Guineas: But he doth not remember any Person to be named to receive the same.

Mr. John Johnson gave the like Testimony.

Mr. Gilbert Heathcot said, He was not present at any Meeting of the Committee; but that he was the last Person that subscribed the Order; which he did by the Example of those who subscribed before him.

Colonel Thomas Cuthbowned his subscribing the Order; and that he was present at the Committee, where it was agreed to give 1,000 Guineas; but knoweth not the Rife or Occasion of it, other than the Clamour of the Orphans, That the City were close-handed, and thereby ‘ had done them no good; which, he believes, was the Reason why the City did consent to give a Thousand Guineas.

Mr. Borret, being examined, owned, He had in the Committee given his Opinion, That 1,000 Guineas should be given to the Speaker: He faith, after the Order was signed, it was kept in his Hands for a Month, or Six Weeks, and then delivered back by him to the Committee.

Being asked of his Belief, Whether the Speaker knew of this Order before the Bill passed ? he faith, He doth believe he did know of it; for he, to satisfy the Clamour of the Orphans, had told their Agent; who, he believes,

1 had ealy Accels to the Speaker; but that, from the time

of Signing, to the time of his Examination, he had not been with the Speaker, nor lent to him.

Charge That the Committee found another Order of the Com-

agaimt Mr. mittee nominated by the Common-Council, dated the Jodrell, &c. 26th of April 1694, reciting the Order of Common-Council, and ordering the Chamberlain to pay to Paul Jodrell Esquire the Sum of One hundred Guineas, for his ' Pains and Service in assisting to pass the Bill in Parliament, for satisfying the Debts of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the said City; which was subscribed by moll of the Members of the said Committee, together with Sir James Houblonand Deputy Ayres, who refused to sign the other Order of the 12th of February On the Back of which was the like Indorsement, That the Hundred Guineas were paid to Paul Jodrell Esquire, the 22th of June 1694, in the Presence of Sir Robert Clayton and Sir James Houblon; And the Payment thereof was entered in the Chamberlain's Book, the 22th of June 1694, at 22 j.; being 110/.

The Members who subscribed that Order owned their Hands, and said, It was after the Bill was passed.

H

That (he Committee found in Ihe Chamberlain's Books the several Payments following, to Mr. Borret the City^ Solicitor; viz.

<£. s.

1693. January 5th. - - 50 —

February 26. - 100 —

March 12. - 30 —

1694. April 7. - - 39 14

May5. - - 127 16

These Sums were applied to defray the Charge of drawling the Bill; making Copies thereof; and of Petitions and Orders, with relation to the said Bill: Amongst which Payments they find;

February 19. Paid Mr. Solicitor-General, for his Advice therein. Five Guineas.

21. Paid Mr. Harcourt, by Order, Five Guineas.

March 2 3. Paid Mr. Hunger ford, C1 lainnan of t he G rand Committee, for his Pains and Service, 20 Guineas. Paid Mr. Jodrell, as by his Bill, 601. 9s. 6d.

Which Accounts were allowed by the said Committee.

That the Committee understood, That the Orphans,;] for the procuring of this Bill, had given Bond to Mr.

Smith and Mr. Charles Now is, to allow them Twelve-pence 1 in the Pound, when the Bill was passed, for their Pains and Charges in that Matter: Which Contract being made void, i in that Bill, the Court of Aldermen were impowered to satisfy them their real Expences: Upon which they applied themselves to the Court of Aldermen; and got a Petition to be ligned by many of the Orphans, That they were willing, notwithstanding the Act of Parliament, they should be allowed 1 2d.in the Pound; and the said and Smith brought in a Bill to the said Committee, of their Charges, amounting to 3,457/. 16 a-.; but, as was alleged, they pretended to be a great deal more out of Purle; by which Argument they got Subscriptions to the fii.l Petition: In which Bill there is charged, Paid to Mr. Geo. Finch, for carrying on the Act, 1,050/. And

Mr. Dowse laid, That Mr. Smith told him, They were

out of Pocket great Sums of Money, upon Account of the Orphans Bill: And, when he was lblicited to liib-feribe the Petition, for their having 12 in the Pound, he would have had them taken 6d.: to which they replied, It would not answer their Expectation, for they had been out, in this Matter, more than 10,000l.

Mr. Nowis and Mr. Smith, being examined here, did utterly deny, That they had given any Money to any Member of Parliament, on the Account of the said Bill, or knew of any to be given: But they were willing to get what they could; having taken a great deal of Pains iu long felieiting the fame.

They did say, That notwithstanding the y charged 1,650/. to be paid Mr. Geo. Finch, yet they had not paid him any Money; but, having delivered up his Bond for the 12 d.in the Pound, they valued his Share of the Orphans Debt to amount to that Sum.

Mr. George Finch, being examined, did deny to have received any tiling from Mr. Nowis or Mr. Smith, or by their Order: But faith, That he did apply himself to several of the Orphans for Money, upon Suggcftion that there was Obllructions to the Bill, which must be removed by Money; and that he did receive One hundred Pounds from Mr. John Chadwick; 100l. of Mrs. Harvey, 100l. of Mr. Scott i 50/. of Mr. Herne -, and had a Promise of 100 /. from Sir John Smith, which is not yet paid.

That the Obit ructions he meant was, to take olT those who petitioned against the Duty laid, in the said Act, upon Wines: And, finding the Parties concerned to lie very many,*he did not treat with them; hut kept the Money to his own Use, because he had been at Charges in this Matter.

He did deny his paying any Money to any Member of Parliament: But, w avering in his Discourse, and being ;i again asked, If he ever did distribute, or know of any j Money distributed, on Account of the Orphans Bill?', said, It was a hard thing to be asked such Questions: j Which was all the Committee could get from him.

7 W. III.

12* — 13° — 140 Martii.

Mr. John Chadwick, and Mr. Hern, proved the Payment of the Money to Mr. George Finch; but could give no Account what he had done therewith.

Mr. George Finch denying he received any more Money than that from Mr. Chadwick, &c. amounting to

Mr. Burton, and Mr. Topham, are both dead since.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candle*.'

And they were so.

Resolved, That Sir John Trevor, Speaker of this House, Resolutinn

350 I.; which, or Part thereof, was paid in, for his life, receiving a Gratuity of h Thousand Guineas, from the to Mr. Hornbys; and yet, being charged by Mr. Noruis, City of London, after passing of the Orphans Bill, is guilty

and Smith, with 1,650/. in their Bills; though, on their of a High Crime and Miiclemeanor.

Examination by the Committee, they deny they had paid Ordered, That the Debates of the said Report be ad-him any; they thought Mr. Hornbys Books might clear journed till Tomorrow Morning, this Matter, they keeping Mr. Finch's Account; and

therefore lent for them.

Mr. Nathanael Hornby came, upon their Summons, without the Books; and, being told, it w as to determine a Difficulty about Mr. Finche s Receipts and Payments, he absolutely refused to let the Committee have a Sight thereof; and said, He would not discover to any one whatever, what any Person owed them; or what they owed any Person; but, upon better Thoughts, he did shew his Books; but nothing material appeared thereby to this Matter.

Mr. Chiswell, one of the Company of the Light-Office,

informed your Committee, That the Company, having been out of Purle 16 or 17,000 /. applied themselves to the Commons for a Bill to lettle that Matter; which mif-carrying last Session but one, Serjeant Topham, who also was one of the Company, told him, They must do as others did, and take another Course, if they would have any Succels; and do as the East India Company had in that you will oblige, done.

Mr. Chiswell brought the Book of the Company to your Committee; who find entered therein the Orders

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurn, 13* die Martii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

THE Members being met, between Eleven and Letter from Twelve a Clock, Mr. Serjeant came without the Sir John T're-Mace; and delivered to the Clerk, at the Table, a Letter vor' cr‘ from Sir John Trevor, Speaker; directed tints;

To Mr. Jodre/l, Clerk to the Honourable House of Commons.

Which was opened, and read; and is as followeth;

Mr. Jodvell,

I desire you to present the Inclosed to the Iloule; and

Sir,

following;

Light-Office, Wednesday, January 17th, 16g}. Ordered, That Sir Thomas Millington, Dr. Hobbs, Mr. Rokeby, Mr. Topham, and Mr. or any Three of

Your humble Servant, March 13th, 1694. J. Trevor, Speaker,

Inclosed was another Letter; which also was read; as followeth; viz.

Gentlemen,

I did intend to have waited upon you this Morning;

them, manage our Affairs in Parliament, by such Methods but after I was up, I was taken ill, with a vio-

as they shall think fit. lent Colick: I hope to be in a Condition of attending

Light-Office, January 17th, 1691. you Tomorrow Morning: In the mean time I desire you

Ordered, That the Treasurer issue and pay all such Mo- will be pleased to excuse my Attendance. I am, with all nies as the said Committee, or any Three of them, shall Duty,

order and direct, for the Management of the said Affair; which Orders for such Monies shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Treasurer for the same; and for which the said Committee shall not be accountable.

Light-Office, Friday, April 6th, 1694.

Ordered, That a Note for 440 I. be taken, payable to Bearer, and delivered to Mr.; which lie is to pay

away upon Account of the Act of Parliament, in pursuance to an Authority given by an Order made the 17th of January last.

April t8th, 1694.

That Twenty-three Pound Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence more be paid Mr. Chiswell, and others of the Committee; which they are to pay away upon Account of the Act of Parliament, in pursuance to an Authority given them by an Order made the 17th of January last,

23/. 13$. 4 d.

April 10th, 1694.

Paid by Mr. Foze/c and Wootton; their Note delivered to Mr. Chisicell,&c. in Part of Charges for the Act of

Parliament (Vid e Minute, April 6th, 1694.) 440/.

Paid more to Mr. Chisu el, as per Order, dated April 18th, 94. - - - 23/. 13$.

Mr. Chisicellsaid, Mr. Topham and Mr. Burton under-

took the Management of the Affair of the Light-Office;

Gentlemen,

March 13th, Your most obedient

1694. humble Servant,

J. Trevor, Speaker.

After the reading of the said Letters, many Members spake; and feme proposed to proceed to the Choice of a new' Speaker immediately.

Whereupon, former Precedents were called for, and read out of the Journals.

But an Objection was made, That there could be no Debate until the Macc he brought, and laid under the Table; and that no Question could be put until that be done: Others being of Opinion, That w as not effc.ntial, notwithstanding a former Precedent, it w as not infilled upon.

But the Clerk, about One of the Clock (to whom all that spoke directed themselves, according to former Practice), by Order of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House until 10 a Clock the next Morning.

(*) '

Jovis, 14* die Martii 70 Gulielmi Tertii,

Pit A YE rs*

and Mr. Topham told him, The disposing of this Money "A /f R. Serjeant came, and brought the Mace / and laid L was to engage some Friends in the House of Commons. JL ▼ JL it ui

_ tier from

under the Table: — Then delivered to the Clerk Sir Johnire-a Letter from Sir John Trevor, Speaker, directed. To Mr: vor> Speaker. Jodrell, Clerk of the Honourable House of Commons which was opened: And inclosed, in the Cover, was another Letter; which was read; as followeth; viz.

Mr.

(*) At the End of the Journal of this Day, the following Entry is made, in the Hand-writing of the Clerk; viz.

M*ii, 1695,v

" Mr. lfarley delivered to me this Day's Proceedings, and also the 14th and 15th March, io relation to the £>(>eaker, to be entered in " Journal, firmed by him: And the original Paper is with this Year's Paper*."

Vol. XL J-

Mr. ChiszLcll owned he had the Bills according to those Orders; and he delivered them to Mr. Burton, who disposed them according to Mr. Topham s Direction, as he believes; but he did not ask him to w hom.

fcaul Foley, esq. chosen Speaker,

7'a 14® — 15° Martii. A. 1694.

Mr. Jodretl,

My Illness still continues; which makes me unable to tome* abroad; wherewith I desire you to acquaint the House j and that I humbly pray they will please to ex-cule me, for not attending the m. I am

1 Your Friend and Servant,

March 14* 1694. J. Trevor, Speaker.

After the reading whereof, Mr. Comptroller of his Majesty's Houshold stood up, and spake as followeth:

Mr. Jodrell,

1 am commanded by the King to inform this House, That the late Speaker, Sir John hath sent him

Word, That his Indisposition does so continue upon him, that he cannot further attend the Service of the House, as Speaker: And further commanded me to say, That there may be no Delay in the publick Proceedings, he does give Leave to this House to proceed to the Choice of a new Speaker.

Sir, The Filling ofeThat Chair is the highest Station any Commoner of England can be called to; but, however honourable it is, the Toil and Difficulties of it are so great, that I believe there is no reasonable Man that hears me, but would be rather glad to have it supplied by any Man than himself: And therefore, I shall, without fear of displeasing any Person, out of so many who are qualified to serve you, to nominate —

Upon this he was interrupted by a great Noise in the House, crying No, No, No:

And several Gentlemen stood up, to speak to Order.

Exceptions were taken by several Members, That it was contrary to the undoubted Right of the House, of choosing their own Speaker, to have any Person, who brought a Message from the King, to nominate one to them.

notwithstanding, the Comptroller Itood up again, and named Sir Thomas Littleton; which was seconded by Sir Henry Goodrich.

Whereupon arose a Debate:

And another Person, viz.Paul Foley Esquire, was pro-

posed by Sir Christopher Musgrave, and seconded by the Lord Digby.

And, after a long Debate, in relation to both the Persons, the Question was put by the Clerk, That Sir Thomas Littleton take the Chair of this House as Speaker.

The Clerk declared the Yeas had it.

The House was divided.

The Yeas on the Right hand:

And the Noes on the Left.

The Tellers were appointed by the Clerk; viz.

For the Yeas:

James Chadwick Esquire - - - 146.

The Teller for the Noes:

Colonel Granville - - - - 179.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Second Queston being about to be put, Mr. Foley stood up to speak; but the House would not hear him; but ordered the Clerk to put the Question, That Paul Foley Esquire take the Chair of this House as Speaker.

It was Resolved, Nenune contradicente.

Upon which, Mr. Foley made hisExcufe in his Place; which was not admitted by the House.

He was conducted to the Chair by the Honourable Colonel Granvill, and the Honourable Henry Boyle Esquire.

And upon the first Step of the Chair, after some Pause, he made a Speech to the House again, to excuTe himself.

Which not being allowed, he lat down.

And then the Mace was laid upon the Table.

Afterward, Mr. Comptroller spake as followeth;

Mr. Speaker,

His Majesty hath commanded me to inform this House, That after they had chosen a Speaker, they should present him to his Majesty Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, in the House of Lords.

Then the Speaker desired the Direction of the House, Whether he ought to make the usual Petitions for Freedom of Speech, 8$c.

The House cried, No, No.

And some Members said, That those Petitions w'ere Demands of Right, and ought not to be made but onpe, at the beginning of a Parliament: And former Precedents were cited in the Cafe.

Then the Speaker put the Question for adjourning the House until Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock; and so went aw'ay without the Mace before him.

Veneris, 15° die Marlii;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters,

A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Meffiigeto

Shepherd, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: attend ilia

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, and spake as follow eth:

May it please your most Excellent Majesty,

The Commons of England in Parliament assembled, Mr. Speaker having, by a very extraordinary Occasion, loft the Service approved, of their late Speaker, proceeded to a new Election: And being commanded by your Majesty to present their Speaker at the Time and Place, they now wait on your Majesty, in full Parliament, to present me to luccecd, on whom they have unanimously agreed.

I must acknowledge myftlf very unfit for so great an Employment; and with they have not done themselves a great Prejudice therein; which they might have avoided, having Choice of many much more able Members for that Service: But I dare not of pole my own Opinion to that of so great a Body as the Commons of England: And therefore, with your Majesty's Approbation, am ready to serve your Majesty and them, to the utmost of my Abilities.

If they find themselves, on Trial, mistaken; and that I cannot answer their Expectations; though hitherto they will not allow me to excuse myself; yet then I hope they will; and provide one more tit for your Majesty's and their Service.

The Lord Keeper spake thus:

Mr. Foley,

The King has taken notice of the Modesty which you have shewn, in lpeaking of yourself; and how just a Sense you have expressed of the Weight and Difficulty of the Employment to which you are called: But his Majesty has commanded me to tell you, That he is so well allured of your dutiful Affection to his Service, and so fully fittil-fied of your Integrity, your Abilities, your Industry, and Application to Business, and your Experience in the Customs and Orders of Parliament, that he does well allow of the Choice which the House of Commons have made, and does approve of you for their Speaker.

After the Lord Keeper's Speech, the Speaker replied:

May it please your Majesty,

I, with Humility and Thankl'ulness, acknowlege your Majesty's great Favour; and hope your Majesty's Appro- bation will be a great Assistance to me in the Discharge of my Duty.

Not to mif-spend Time, now very precious for your Majesty's Affairs, I shall only make it my humble Request, That whatever Mistake or Fault I may commit, your Majesty will not impute it to your Commons; and for myself, not committing any wilfully, I cannot doubt of your Majesty's gracious Pardon.

And, being returned;

Mr.'

Royal A Cent to Bills.

Fees on Proctedmgs of the House.

Complaints from Inhabitants of Tanger.

Proceedings for the Election of Speaker.

Corrupt Application of Money by E. I. Company.

Mi flake in printing the Vote*.

7W. III. 15* — 16°

Mr. Speaker repotted, That he had, with the House, attended his Majesty, who had approved of their Choice of him to be Speaker; and that afterwards, his Majesty had been- pleated to give the Royal Assent to Two Bills;

vis.

An Act for supplying certain Defc6ts in the Directions made in and by a Deed of Trutt, and the last Will of George Pit Esquire, deceased, for settling his Estate: And,

An Act for Naturalizing of Bernard , alias

Mourte, and Alexander Ringli, and others.

Afterwards, Mr. Speaker returned his humble Thanks to the House, for the Honour they had done him; and moved the House, That a Table of the Fees of the Proceedings of the House might be brought in, and settled.

Ordered \That a Table of Fees, relating to all Matters and Proceeding in this House, be brought in, and laid upon the Table.

Sir Thomas Clarges acquainted the House, That whereas the House did, the 7th Instant, upon the Petition of the late Inhabitants of Tanger, complaining of the great Abuses, in relation to the Atonies granted by the late King James, for the Use of the Petitioners, order, That the said Petition should be delivered to one of the Members of this House, who was a Commissioner for examining, taking, and bating, the publick Accounts, that Matter not being within the Power of the said Commissioners; the same relating to an Account before the 5th Day of November 1688:

Re joked. That a Committee be appointed to examine and consider of the said Petition; and to report the Matter, with their Opinion therein to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Clarges, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Ilarley, Sir Eliah Air. Luttcrcll, Sir

W illiam Drake, Mr. PuUcajen, Mr. Puller, Mr. Air. Gwyn, Sir John JVynn, Sir Ala. Mr. Walter. Sir

John Thompson, Sir Robert Colion, Sir John Knight, Mr. Arnold, Sir Ra. Carr. Air. Born/er, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Archer, Mr. Bickcrstafj)Sir I Cm. Ellis, Air.

Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Air.

Mr. Hobby, Mr. Done, Lord Mr. Christy, Sir

Rowland Guyn, Mr. Ctdliford, Air.: And they

are to meet Tomorrow at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the late Ele.6tion of the Speaker; and to report the same to the House, to be entered in the Journals:

And it is referred to Air. Harley, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Clark, Sir Chr. grave, Sir Eduard Seymour, Mr. Finch, Mr. Guyn, Mr. Mount ague. Sir EL Haney, Mr. Mr. How, Air.

Boyle, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Jo}'. Tredenham, Sir

son, Mr. Solicitor-General Air. Tredenham Sir Walt. Young, Colonel Titus, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Waller, Mr.

Sir John Knight, Sir Richard Onslorc, Lord Coningsby, Colonel Lee; or any Five of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow in die Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the East India Company, and of the Chamberlain of the City of London, be proceeded upon Tomorrow Alorning at Eleven a Clock.

Complaint being made, That in the Votes of the 12th Instant, the Resolutions of the Committee to prevent the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom were printed, tlmugh they were not considered, nor agreed to, by the House;

Ordered, That, in the Votes of this Day, Notice be given. That the Resolutions of the said Committee were T Voi. XI.

Martii. 273

printed by Mistake: and that the Matter thereof remains yet to be determinea by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 16° die Martii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gage'i to enable the Trustees of William Gage Esquire to Eftdte* raise Money, by a Mortgage of Part of his Estate, for the Preservation of the Timber growing thereon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate, to Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Sir Gerv. Flu es, Sir Hen.

Goodrich, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Cook, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Christie, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr.

Lutterell, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Lou ther, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Mr. Gilbert,

Mr. Blofei/d, Mr. Fuller, Mr. EngMr. Bromly, Mr. Pooley, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Tempest, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Done, Mr. Robin/on, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gkmham, Sir John Key, Sir Fr. Massam, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bordet: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Thames whom the Bill for preventing Exa6tions of Occupiers of Locks and Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames, westward 'Veir3' of the City of London; and for ascertaining the Price of Water-carriage upon the said River; was committed { be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Finch's to vest certain I.ands and Tenements in Trustees, to be Estate. fold, for the better Provision of the Daughters, and Coheirs of Joseph Finch Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Rc/blvid, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Sir Richard Onslow presented to the House, according Railing the to Order, a Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom Militia, for the Year 1695, although the Alonth's Pay formerly advanced lie not repaid; and for repealing the Statute, of the Second and Third Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against Shooting of Hail-shot: And the tame was received,

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Encourage-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ment of House, to consider further of the Bill for the better En- Privateers, couragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Compelling whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Produaion Act to compel Edward Williams Esquire to bring forth ®j.r , the Person of Sir Paul Pindar Baronet, is committed, be ' in made upon Monday Alorning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Pomfliing whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing Two former Acts, for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing ladle Mu iters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; be made upon Thursday Alorning next.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Wednes- Call of tb« day come Sevennight: And that such of this House.

4 A House

474

16° — -i 8°

A. 1694.

Encouraging

Seamen.

Transport

Debt.

Preventing Export oi Wool.

House as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms: And that none do presume to go out of Town without the Leave of the House.

A Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen was read a Second time.

Rcfokcd, That the Bill be committed upon the Debate, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's Speech, at the opening this Session, which relates to the Debts owing to the Transport-Ships for Ireland.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the Publick Market at; and for

Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon next come

Sevennight.

Supply Bill; Annuitants for Life.

Attempt to bribe a Member.

Mr. Solicitor-General presented to the Houi ing to Order, a Bill for enabling such Persons

Christ-

church

Minister's

Maintenance.

Hare's

Ellate.

Making Saltwater fresh.

accord-as have

Estates for Life, in Annuities, payable by several former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further or more certain Interests in such Annuities; and, in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the fame: And the same was received.

The Bill w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The House being informed, by Mr. That

Mr. Robert Bird, of Staple Inn, came to him Yesterday, in the Court of Request; and desired him to present a Petition; and pulled out feme Guineas to give him for the fame;

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Bird, Attorney at Law, be summoned to attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Mercdeth and Mr.. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ-Church, in the County of Surrey, to make Rates, for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister; and for the impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Marshall, deceased, to employ Monies for the finishing the said Parish-Church; without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hare Baronet, lately deceased, to raise Portions and Maintenance for his younger Children: And also,

o 9

A Bill, intituled, An Act for making Salt-water fresh:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meflbngers withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 18* die Martii;

7* GulielmiTertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Webb'.

for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jonathan Estate-

Esquire, for discharging of Debts and Incumbrances thereupon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Mas-sam, Mr. England, Mr. Waller, Sir Fra. Blake, Sir Moreton, Sir Robei't Eden, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr.

Mr. Stokes, Mr. Cook, Sir John Kay, Mr. Luiterell, Mr.

Kendall, Sir John Colton, Sir John Knight, Mr. Christie,

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Bert,

Mr. Guyn, Sir Gerv. Elices, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Bidkley,

Mr. Louther, Mr. Clark, Sir John Bolles, Sir Eduard

Hussey, Mr. Bouyer; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Essex and Hertford: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for confirming Two Indentures Tripartite, the one of Thanets Lease, and the other of Release, made between the Immure* Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Island, of the

First Part; the Honourable Sackv ill Esquire, of the Second Part; and the Honourable U m. Chcine F.lquire, and Sir Charles TuftonKnight, of the Third Part; and the Estates thereby settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dyke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Sir William Forester reported from the Committee, to Earl of whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Salisbury'. Act to enable the Guardians of James Earl of to Elule* make Leases of Salisbury-House, and feme other Hereditaments in the Strand, in the County of , for

Improvement thereof by Building, w as committed, That they had examined the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kirk.f for settling the Estate of John Kirk, deceased, for Payment Estate. of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Math. Andreues, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Colanere,

Sir Edward Aiscough, Sir Sa.Barnar Mr. Mr. Waller, Mr. Ch ristie, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Kendall,

Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Mr. Cutli-

ford, Mr. Boicyer, Mr. Skobell, Mr. Mr.

field, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. England, Sir Knight, Mr.

Fuller, Sir JVm. Drake, Mr. Piggot, Mr. Boyle, Lord Digby, Doctor Barbon: And they are to meet Tomorrow

in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro-

Tievor ceeded upon the Report from the Committee appointed

spelled. to inspeQ; the Books of the Company, and of

the Chamberlain of London.

Resolved, That Sir John Trevor, late Speaker of this House, being guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanor, by receiving a Gratuity of a Thousand Guineas, from the City of London, after passing the Orphans Bill, be expelled this House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Clayton do attend in his Place upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Thomas Gancay, an ancient Bond-Credi- Gnrway'* for of the City of London, was presented to the House, and Claim on read; letting forth, That the Petitioner, as also many others, is a Creditor, by Bond, of the City of; yet

h^th been denied the Benefit of the Orphans Act; though he was formerly assured, by several of the City Members,

That all Bond-Debts were to be paid and satisfied: And praying, That the Intention of the Act for Relief of the Orphans of the said City may be declared to be, That all Bond-Debts ought to be equally included.

Resolved\That the Petition be rejected.

A Bill

7 W. III.

18" — 19" Martii.

*75

('omniitfiiijv ers of Accounts*

Ditto.

A Bill for taking and fiatiilg the publick Accounts for the Year 1C95, was read a Second time.

Resolved,'I'hat the Bill be committed, upon the Debate, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will proceed to a new Election of Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts.

Mr. Bird attending, according to Order.

He was called in: And, being at the Bar, was told by Mr. Speaker, That there had been a Complaint made against him to this House, for offering of Money to Mr.

Musgrave, a Member of this House, to present a Petition to this House.

Whereunto he laid, That lbme Persons did apprehend, That a Bill depending in this House, for settling an Estate late of Mr. Howland, did affect their Interest in Part of that Estate; and therefore desired him to prepare a Petition to be presented to this House, for the providing for their

A Person tt-primanded for offering a Bribe to a Member.

Resolved, That the Number of the said Commissioners Interest: Which accordingly he did: And that he being be Seven. a Stranger to the Proceedings of this House, and there

Resolved, That the Names of the said Commissioners being a Title in the Cafe, and knowing Mr. Musgrave to be brought in upon Wednesday Morning next: And that be a Gentleman of the Long Robe, did intend to give every Member of this House do prepare a List, in Paper, him a Guinea for his Advice in that Matter; but under-

Compelling the production of Sir P, Pindar.

of the Names of Seven Persons, who he shall think fit to be Commissioners, to be put into Glafies at the Table.

Resolved, That no Person be a Commissioner, who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty.

Mr. Christk, according to Order, reported, from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to compel Edward I Viliams Esquire to bring forth the Person of Sir Paul Pindar, Baronet, was committed, the Matter directed by the said Committee to be reported; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table.

And the Question being put, That the Report be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

standing by Mr. Musgrave he had committed an Error in so doing, he bad begged Pardon of Mr. Musgrave, as he did now of this House.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That the said Mr. Bird be called in; and that Mr. Speaker do reprimand him, upon his Knees, at the Bar.

And he was called in; and, upon his Knees, reprimanded accordingly; and then discharged.

ftaifing the Militia.

Leave of AMeuce.

A Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 169.5, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for repealing the Statute, of the 2d and 3d Years of King Edvard the Sixth, intituled, An Act against Shooting of Hail-shot; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, 'I'hat it be an Instruction to the Committee, to prepare, and bring in, a Clause, to take an Account of the Monies raised for Trophy-money, and the Weekly and Month's Tax; and that the same may be recovered, and applied for the proper Uses.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Prideaux have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Taylor have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Morley have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir St. Andrew St. John have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Whave Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-fumed the adjourned Consideration of Saturday last, upon the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the Eaf-India Company, and of the Chamber-

lain of London:

Resolved, That whosoever shall discover any Money, or other Gratuity, given to any Member of this House, for Matters transacted in tin's House, relating to the Orphans Bill, or the East India Company, shall have the Indemnity of this House for such Gift.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Janies Smith do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. George Finch do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Dowfe do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathanael Herne do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Chifivelldo attend this House Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. John do attend this

House Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the East India Company, and of the Chamberlain of London, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Indemnity to Discoverers of corrupt Gifts to Members*

Marlis, 19" die Martii; 7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Pkatehs.

Annuities f ^or ^ie enabling fijeh Per fans as have Estates Life, >a °T fer Life in Annuities, payable by several former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further or more certain Interests in such Annuities; and, in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the fame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

YouXL

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act whlfchcot'* to enable Sir Paul Whitchcot Knight and Baronet, Estate. and Dame Jane his Wife, to make Leases, for Ninety-nine Years, of the Manors of Tooting and any

of their Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in -ing-Gravenay, Tooting-Beak, and Stretham, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. MacheU,

Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Bodyer, Colonel Granville,

Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir R t-Dutton, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Dryden, Mr.

Mawdit,

Earl of Rochester's Estate.

Northleigli's

Estate.

Plantation

Trade.

Bark ham's Estate,

Supply Bill; Duties on Glass, &c.

17S 19* Martii. A. 1694.

Maxodit, Mr. Fleming, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Burdet, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Bale, Mr. Waller, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Cook, Mr. Pigot, Mr. Christy, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Clark, Sir John Wynn, Sir Fra. Mr.

Beak, Sir Robert Cotton', and all the Members that serve for die County of Surrey: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the dividing and settling the Estate of the Co-heirs of John late Earl of Rochester, deceased; and for discharg-

ing the Trusts thereupon; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Grdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath Agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Bale reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Lands of Henry Northleigh Esquire, lately deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing a Maintenance for his younger Children, was committed, That they had Considered the fame; and had, according to Order, examined into the Debts of Mr. Northleigh; an Account Of which they had directed him to report to the House; and also the Bill, without any Amendments: And he read the said Account in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That Mr. Northleigh, at his Death, was indebted to Mr. Stephen Toller in 2,000l. Principal Money, by Two Bonds dated in 1688; and that no Interest has been paid for the lamefince the Money was lent: That Mr. leigh's personal Estate, as it was valued and appraised after his Death, amounted but to 1,200l.

That the Funeral Charges of Mr. Northleigh amounted to above 400l. which reduced his Personal Estate to 800./; so that there remains but 800l. of his Personal Estate to pay the said Debt of 2,000l.' and Interest for Six Years: And the said 800l. if Applied towards Payment of the said Debt, will but fink the same to 1, Soo/.; which tvill remain a Charge upon the real Estate of Mr. Northleigh.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better lbcuring the Plantation-Trade; and preventing the Shipping of Tobacco in Bulk; be read a Second time tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vetting the Manors of Earles alias Jelf eries

Croome, and Baugh ton, in the County of in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling the Manor-house and Royalty of Waynjleet St. Mary's, in the County of Lincoln, and divers Lands, Parcel of the said Manor, of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses; and to enable Sir Robert Barkham Baronet to make Provision for his younger Children; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Pawlett do carry the P,ill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Solicitor-General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir William Whitmore have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Ambrose Mariaton have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Thurbome have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

A Complaint being made to this House, That AD. prjvj|eo.e of James Thorpe, and Air. Robert Thorpe, have lately deli- a Meinber°ia vered Declarations in Ejcftment for an Estate in the a Suit. County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in the Possession of the Right Honourable Thomas Wharton Esquire, Comptroller of his Majesty's Houshold, and a Member of this House; and that Mr. Allan Broderick had moved the Court there agaiutt allowing the Privilege of the said Mr. Wharton, in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. James Thorpe, Mr. Robert Thorpe, and Air. Allan Broderick, be summoned to attend this House, to answer the said Complaint of Breach of Privilege: And that all Proceedings in the said Suit be in the mean time stayed.

Ordered, That Air. Langton have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health, Absence,

Ordered, That Sir Robert Jenkinson have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Afeflage from the Lords, by Air. Holford and Air. Pit:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Preventing prevent the counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Counterfeit-Kingdom: To which they desire the Concurrence of this '"S Coin. House: Alio,

They have agreed to the Amendment, made by this Lloule, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the dividing and settling the Estate of the Co-heirs of John late Earl of lioche/ler, deceased; and for discharging the Trusts thereupon.

And then the Aleflengers withdrew'.

Earl of Rochester's Estate.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Thames whom the Bill for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames westward of Weirs, the City of London; and for ascertaining the Price of Water-carriage upon the said River; was committed; be taken into Considerationupon Saturday Alorning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Encouraging night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Seamen. House, to consider of the Bill for the better Encouragement and Increase of Seamen.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Yarmouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir John Trevor Knight, expelled this House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Corrupt Ap-ceeded in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the East- jc °"com-India Company, and of the Chamberlain of the City of pany. London:

And Alt. Nathanael Hem, Mr. John Air.

Charles Nowis, Mr. George Finch, Mr. James Smith, Mr.

I6 ChisxvtU,

tf

ce,

e?r.,f

Gollop's

LlUie*

Cage's

EiUie.

Kirk's

Liute.

CarylTs

LUatC.

Plonk'*

Vitate.

7 W. III.

19* — 20* Martii.

m

Chiswell, and Mr. Dm.se, attending, according to Order; Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Salop,

and a!so one Mr. Buckingham;

They Mere severally called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That Mr. Charles having, to several Persons, pretended he was out of Purse, or engaged to

the Estate of Bazil Brook Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Monies for the Payment of Debts, and for securing his Wife's Jointure, was read the Third time.

Ref That the Pill do pat's. Ordered, That Sir John Knight do carry the Bill to tire

S've great Sums of Money to several Members of this Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed ouse, in order to pass the Orphans Bill; which, on his to the fame, w ithout any Amendments.

Examination, he denied to have given, or promised; hath

been an Occasion of Scandal to this House, and the Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to West Members thereof. whom the Petition of the Poor of Cobham College, and Thorwk

Ordered, That the said Mr. Charles Nois be taken into the Proprietors of Lands, now under Water, in West Inumlat*on. the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Thorock, in the County of Essex, was referred, be taken

into Consideration upon Thursday come Sevennight.

House.

Resolved, That this House will proceed in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the East India Company,

Glaflcs being fetupon the Table, to receive the Tickets of the Members for electing Commissioners for taking

and of the Chamberlain of London, Tomorrow Morn- and stating the publick Accounts; several Members put ing, after the nominating of Commissioners for taking in their Tickets:

Commisfitmers of Account*

and stating the publick Accounts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Martii;

7°Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to enable Peter Got lop Gentleman to fell a Farm, Baronet, in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of and certain Lands called Wantsley; and to vest the Inhe- Debts, and railing Portions for younger Children, was ritance thereof, in Fec-simple, in such Person or Persons committed, That they had examined and considered the who shall be Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from him; fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, subject only to the Payment of a Thousand Pounds, Prin- without any Amendments: And he delivered the same cij al Money, with the Intereli thereof, due and to grow in at the Clerk's Table.

But the House being informed, that formerly the Clerk and Clerk-Assistance went on each Side the House, with the Glades, to receive the Tickets of the Members in their Places;

Ordered, That the Tickets which have been already put into the Glafies, at the 'fable, be now burnt.

And they were carried into the Speakers Chamber, and burnt accordingly by the Clerk.

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Clifton's the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act £ftale* to vest in Trustees certain I^inds of Sir C if ton

due, unto the executory Eibte of Robert Gen-

tleman, deceased; was n ad the First time.

Ripuived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees of William Gage Esquire to raile Money, by a Mortgage of Part of his Estate, for the Preservation of1 the Timber growing thereon, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of Henry Fry and Jonathan Eden was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in this House, for felling the Estate of John Kirk, deceased, for Payment of jiis Debts;

and that there is a considerable Debt due to the Petitioners, but of the said Efate; which is not sufficiently provided for by the said Bill: And praying to be heard before the Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands, in Kent and Sussex, of John Caryll Esquire, for the Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children; and to supply the Defeats of a Conveyance intended for those Purposes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dyke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting the Manor of and other Lands,

Vox.. XI.

A Bill for the better securing the Plantation Trade; Plantation and preventing the Shipping of Tobacco in Bulk; was. Trade, according to Order, read a Second time.

And tire Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in tire Negative.

A Petition of Richard Gee Esquire w-as presented to the Petition from House, relating to the Report from the Committee Gee* touching the Hackney Coachmen.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring1 in a Bill for the Improvement of the Freehold Eftatos of England and the Encouragement of Trade: And that Mr. Brockman do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Sir RowlandGwyn reported from the Committee, to

w'hom the last Resolution of a former Report, made upon the Petition of Thomas Kemp, and others, on behalf of themselves, and others, the ancient 400 licensed Hackney Coachmen, was rc-committed, to difdnguish the Commissioners, That they bad distinguillied the feme accordingly; and had come to several Reloiutions; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henry Ashurst Esquire, one of the Commissioners

appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Stage Coaches, hath not, by receiving Bribes, or other undue Means, after! corruptly or arbitrarily, contrary to the Authority and Trull rcpoled in him by the said Act.

4 B

Improvement of Fret 11 ild Estate*.

Hackney Coach Com-tuiilioners.

i^-

278

20° — 2i°

A, 1694*

Leave of A b fence.

Tryals for Tr talon.

Leave of Able nee.

Members

summonod.

Commissioners of Accounts.

' Rcfhrd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That U'ulhrOva bun/ fitquire, one of the Commissioners

appointed to put in execution an Act, passed the la ft Sef-tion of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for licenlitig a ml regulating Hackney Coaches and Stage-Coaches, hath not, by receiving Bribes, or other undue Means, acted corruptly or abstrarily, contrary to the Authority and Trull reposed in him by the said Act.

Rifdvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That HairyKiUigreic Esquire, one of the Commissioners

appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed the last Sef-iion of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for lrccnting and regulating Hackney Coaches and Stoge Coaches, hath, by receiving Bribes, and by other undue Means, acted corruptly and arbitrarily, contrary to the Authority and Trull reposed in him.

Ref'lived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Henri/ Fillers Esquire, one, of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for llccniing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Stage Coaches, hath, by receiving Bribes, and by other undue Means, acted corruptly and aibitrarily, contrary to the Authority and Trust reposed in him by the said Act.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Gee Esquire, one of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed the last Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for licensnig and regulating of Hackney Coaches and Stage Coaches, hath, by receiving Bribes, and by other undue Means, acted corruptly and arbitrarily, contrary to the Authority and Trust reposed in him by the said Act.

'l he laid Ilctbhitions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's 1110ft Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to remove Henri/ Killigrew Esquire, Henry Fillers Esquire, and Richard Gee Esquire, from the Coimniffion for putting in Execution the Act. for licensing and regulating Hackney Couches and Stage Coaches.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa-lious.

Ordered, That Mr. White have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, ..... Mr. Dyot have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. 7 'ryehave Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ref deed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take into Considerution the Report of the Conference with the Lords, touching the Bill for Regulating

7 C 0 o

of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Ordered, That Mr. Bere have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Pigott have Leave to into the Country for Eight Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go into the Court of Requests, and adjacent Places, and l'uinmon the Members there to attend the Service of the‘House.

The Members of this House, according to Order, put into dalles their several Lists of Persons Names to be Commissioners for taking and Hating the publick Accounts j the Clerk and Clerk-Afliitant receiving the fame,

on each Side the House, from the Members, in their Places.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, to examine and peruse the Lilts given in by the Members of the House: And that they do report to the House upon whom the Choice shall fall:

And it is referred to Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Tho. Foley junior, Mr. Vincent, Sir Hen.

Ashurst, Mr. Gxoyn, Mr. Lutteixll, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Richard Onslow: And they are to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Supply Bill; Glass Wares, Stone and-Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, Duties on for carrying on the War against Prance, was, according Gluts, &c. to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do prepare, and bring in, a Clause to ascertain the Convoys to attend the Coal-Trade.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Commis-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to fioners of consider of the Bill for taking and Hating the publick Account*. Accounts for the Year 169/5.

Mr. Speaker loft the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Corrupt Aping next, proceed in the further Consideration of the plication of Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Money by E. Books of the East India Company, and of the Cham- G°mP"y* berlain of London.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- F.ncourag*-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole m«nt of House, to consider of the Bill for the belter Encourage- Emateer*« ment of Privateers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock;

Jovis, 21° die Ma; 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wooilafton'* to enable Hannah Woollaston Widoyv, and Jonathan Estate* her Son, an Infant, to fell certain Lands and Tenements in Warnford, in the County of Southampton, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, according to the Will of Richard Woollaston Esquire, deceased, was redd a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Hunger-

ford, Mr. Foley, Sir IVm. Lemon, Sir S.

Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kendall, Sir Ra. Carrt Mr. Palmes, Lord Digby, Mr. Grvyn, S\r Matth.Andrezcs,

Mr. Burridge, Mr. Cocks, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Bos-eaxcen, Mr. Lowther, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Hedger, Mr.

England, Mr, Waller, Sir Robert , Sir T. Pope

iVjfl

ffH'

1;'.-1 ik's

'A-

r. 1

kt

ti

ci

h

V

ft

Li

to

dc:

tva

t'A

111

Ai

Li

fa;

tU

lie

A&

tiny

kilo

Yea

Ai

tO Cl!

If

a:)!*,

lor ti

k

0;

Lord; to t Vo

7 W. III.

Blount, Sir John Key, Mr. Mr. Sir Wil-

liam Cooper, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Maxcdit; and all that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Palmer's A Petition of Clemaitia Palmer was presented to the Petition. House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read on Saturday Morning.

Marquis of An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jjarrm'o* ^or settling divers Manors and Lands upon the Marriage Settlement, of the Marquis of Tavistock, Grandson of William Duke of Bedford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cxrtcen, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Christie, Sir

Robert Cotton, Mr. BlqfeilMr. Sir Ma. Andrews, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Holt, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Bromley, Sir Cooper, Sir Fra. Mas-gam, Mr. Foley, Mr. LowtheMr. Edward Hussey, Mr.

Lutterell, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Cook, Sir William Ellis, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Dutton, Mr.

Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Robert Cotton, Lord Edw. Russel, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mr. Stokes,

Mr. Clark, Sir Edward CMr. Mr. Hedger, Mr. Proby, Mr. Fuller, Sir Rowland Guyn, Lord Ja. Russell, Mr. Wortley, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Sir Dio.

Littleton, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Mr. and all

that serve for the Counties of Devon, and DorsetAnd they are to meet on Saturday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

m

A Bill for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, Expiring which are near expiring, was read a Second time. aws‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Waller,

Sir Ralph Can', Mr. Fleming, Mr. Sir Jos.

denham, Mr. England, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Christie, Sir Cha.

Carteret, Mr. Arnold, Sir S.Baruadiston, Sir Tho. Ha/le-rigg, Mr. Freke, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Clark, Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Blofield,

Mr. Hungerford, Sir Fra. Afassam, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Fuller, Mr. fredenham, Mr. Cook, Sir John Kay, Sir Edzv.

Aiscough, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Mr. Car:

And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the better Admeasurement of Keels, and Boats carry. Keel-Boats, in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the iuS Coals. Members thereof; and for the Encouragement of Navigation, by the Exportation of Coals from the same; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ralph Carr,

Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Boscawen, Colonel Perry, Mr.

Bickerstaff, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Lamp/on, Mr. Blqfeild, Mr. Waller, Sir Fra. Massam,

Mr. Christy, Mr. Car, Sir Math.AndrewsMr. Lutterell, Sir Eliah Harry, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Tempest, Mr. England,

Mr. Burrard, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Arnold, Sir Elwcs, Air.

Christy, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John A lore ton, Sir Wilfred Lawson, Mr. Lowther; and all that serve for the Sea-Ports, and for the Counties of Essex, Kent, Middlesex, and Surrey: And they are to meet on Saturday next, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

2i° Martii.

EfWi's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

te* to vest certain Lands and Tenements, late of John

of Etton, in the County of York, Esquire. in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of the Debts of the said John Estoft, and railing Portions for his Daughters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

lirt's A Petition of Doctor Leonard Plucknett, and others,

hbte. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House, for felling the Estate of John Kirk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts: And the Petitioners conceive themselves interested in the said Estate: which is not sufficiently provided for by the said Bill: And praying to be heard touching the fame.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

hniffiing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Watinyand whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing Two Muon. Acts, for punishin" Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing falle Alufters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was committed; be received upon Wednesday Alorning next.

fcgm' And ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act £ua,e> to enable Jane Rogers, the Widow and Relict of Bryan Rogers, late of Falmouth, Merchant, deceased, and Administratrix of his Goods and Chattels, with his Will annexed, and other Trustees therein named, to fell Lands, for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Bryan Rogers, in Performance of his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Vo l. XL

Ordered, That Mr. William Windham have Leave to Leave of go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Grosvenor have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Air. Norton have L#ave to go into the Country for Three M eeks, upon extraordinary Occa-lions.

Ordered, That Sir James Rushout have Leave to go the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Air. Edward Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Air. Boyle, according to Order, reported from the Com- Commission-mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking of and Itating the publick Accounts for the Year 1695, wa9 AccoonU* committed. That they had left a Blank in the Bill, for the Commissioners Names, to be filled up by the House; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee appointed Yesterday to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, to examine and peruse the Lifts given in by the Members of this House; and to report upon whom the Choice of Commissioners should fall; That they had examined and perused the Lifts accordingly:

And that the Choice fell upon

Robert Harley Esquire ----- - 192.

Sir Thomas Clarges ----- -- 183.

Henry Boyle quire - -- -----172.

Fra. Guyn Esquire ----- -- 142.

Charles Hutchinson Esquire - - - - 142.

Sir Thomas Pope Blount - - - - 14* And Sir John Thompson ----- - 140.

W'hich Report, being delivered in at the Table, was there read.

A Motion

i8o

21 — 2 30 Martiu

A\ 1694.

Eligibility of Prothonotary of Woles, &c.

Supply Rill; Annuities for Life.

A Motion being made, and the Question being propos'd, That the Office of Prothonotary in , granted by Patent for Lives, is within the Meaning of the Vote of this House, That no Person he a Coonuissioner who bath any Place of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by infcrting, after " Lives," these Words, " being a Place " of Profit;"

And the Question being put, That those Words be-inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, lo amended, being put;

Resolved, That the Office of Prothonotary in /Vales, granted by Patent for Lives, being a Place of Profit, is within the Meaning of the Vote of this House, That no Person be a Commissioner, who hath any Place of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will proceed to a new Election of a Commissioner for taking and stating the publick Accounts, in the place of Francis Esquire,

incapable thereof by the Vote of this House, he having the Office of Prothonotary in JRales.

Resolved, That the Speaker of this House is capable of being chosen a Commissioner for taking and stating the

o 00

publick Accounts.

Ref jived, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, proceed to a new Election of a Commissioner for taking and Hating the publick Accounts.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Rill was committed, be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for enabling such Personsas have Estates for Life in Annuities, payable by several former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further, or more certain, Interests in such Annuities; and, in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Making Salt Water fresh.

St. Martin's in the Vintry Church-yard.

Sabbati, 23° die

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making salt Water fresh, was read the l'irft time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm a Grant made by the Rector of the United Parishes of St. Michael Royal, and Martin's in the Vintry, London, of Part of s Church-yard,

was read the Third time.

Revived, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Vernon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of William Gage Esquire, to raise Money by a Mortgage of Part of his Estate, for the Preservation of the Timber growing thereon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Sam. Baniardiston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Solicitor-General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Hates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, 81

and also upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of 1‘ive Years, for carrying on the War against the French King with Vigour: And the same was received.

1 he Bill was read the l'irft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hushave Leave to go Leave of into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham have Leave to go into the Country upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Hyde have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That all the Members of this House, who Member* have not Leave to be absent, do attend this House, ui>on toaueud. Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Slierrard have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa- Aoituce. fions.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Worcester have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Clipping pointed to receive Proposals to prevent the clipping the the Cui" Silver Coin of this Kingdom be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Ashton have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Waring have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Thame* ceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the ani* Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing Exactions elrs" of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the lliver of Thames, westward of the City of London; and for ascertaining the Price of Water-carriage upon the said River; was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, all of them, but one, viz. Clause C, which was disagreed, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Transport

Debi.

Supply Rill; Annuities for Lite*

Cage's

Liute.

Supply Rills Duties on Marriages.

ingossed.

The House took into Consideration That Part of his Majesty's Speech, at the Opening of this Session, which relates to the Debts owing to the Tranl'port-Ships for Ireland:

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for Relief of the Persons whose Ships were employed for Tranl'ports for the Reducing of Ireland',

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling such Persons as have Estates for Life in Annuities, payable by several former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further, or more certain, Interests in such Annuities; and, in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the fame; is committed; have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation for the Use of the Navy.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ditto, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Litlletm took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Sir 'ThomasZ/ft/r/on reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Orderedr

J fare's Estate.

Cm flop's Eliate.

Marquis of Tavi frock's Marriage Settlement.

Clifton's

Estate.

7 W. III.

230 — 2$° M

28

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday

Morniiu' next.

Resolved, That the Bill do past.

Ordered, That Mr. IValler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed And then the House adjourned till Monday to the fame, without any Amendments.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lain?, 25° die Martii; 7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act . for the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hare Baronet, lately deceased, to raise Portions and Maintenance for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Peter dollop Gentleman to fell a Farm, and certain Lands, called ICanisley; and to veil the Inheritance thereof, in Fee-simple, in fuel) Person or Persons who shall be Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from him, subject only to the Payment of One thousand Pounds, Principal Money, with the Interest thereof due, and to grow due, upon the executory Estate of Robert Mcrtjeild Gentleman, deceased; w as read a Second time.

Resolved\ That the Hill be committed to Mr. Clark, Sir John Holies, Mr. I Caller, Mr. England, Sir I Cm. Drake, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Christy, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Pur ridge, Mr. Lampion, Mr. Bio field, Mr. Stokes, Colonel Perry, Mr. Foley,r. Bale, Mr. Car, Mr. Frcxven, Sir II m. Cooper, Mr. Louiher, Mr. Femcick, Sir Robert Dadiicood, Sir John Kay, Sir Robert Fden, Mr. Burdcl, Mr. Thornhaitgh, Sir Chu. Carteret, Mr. Cook, Mr. Fe/ra ick, Sir Sa. Barnardiston, Sir Cha. ICynd-ham, Mr. Stonchonse, Mr* Gold, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. // 'a/tis; and all that serve for the Counties of Dorset and Somerset: And they are to meet To morrow in the Afternoon at live a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir TCilliam Cooper reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling divers Manors and Lands, upon the Marriage of the Marquis of Tavistock, Grandson of William Duke of Bedford, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w ere twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 7. after " Tail," inlcrt " or some other " Estate."

L. 28. after " Part," insert " or other good Conveyance in the Law of the same Pnrt of the said Pi'cmircs.* Pr. 3. L. 28. after u Tail," insert " or feme other " Estate."

L. 35. after " contained," insert " or other good 4< Conveyances in Law."

Pr. 7. L. 21. after " Parliament," insert "or other " Conveyances in Law aforesaid."

Pr. 12. L- 5. after " Reversion," insert " after any " Time, not exceeding Three Years, and of any Part or c< Parts of the Premises in the said County of Dorset." Pr. 75. L. 34. alter " Parliament," insert "or other u Conveyances aforesaid."

Pr. 16. L. 14. after " Parliament," insert "or other " Conveyances aforesaid."

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands of Sir G err as Clifton Baronet, in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children, was read the Third time.

A Petition of divers Clothiers, Serge-makers, Dyers, African and others, of the County of Berks, was presented to Company, the House, and read, setting forth, That the African Company, only import Red-wood from Guinea; w ithout which, the Petitioners cannot dve their Goods; and by the said Company's Charter, they are enjoined ..... all Commodities, except Gold and Silver, by Inch of Candle:

That, for many Years last palt, the said Company have' fold their Red-wood, by private Contract, to Three or Four particular Persons, who have ingossed that Commodity, and fell it at Three times the Value for which it was formerly fold; by which means, the Woollen Manufactures, in general, are extremely prejudiced: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report, relating to the said Company, be taken into Consideration.

Also, The like Petition of divers Clothiers, Serge- Ditto, makers, Dyers, and others, of the County of Units, was. presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report, relating to the said Company, be taken into Consideration.

And also, The like Petition of divers Clothiers, Serge- Ditto, makers, Dyers, and others, of the Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic until the Report, relating to the said Company, be taken into Consideration.

A Table of the Fees, relating to the Proceedings of Fees on Pro-the House, being presented to the Iioufe; ceedings of

Ordered, That the same do lie upon the Table. liie llcmfe.

The House took into Consideration the Report from Suppression the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual of Curling suppressing profane Swearing and Cursing was com- and Swcar-mitted: ing*

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, being twice read, some of them were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Rich have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Committee vi leges tmd Elections, of the Matters before the said Com- of Privileges, mittee, be received Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Duties on next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Paper, &c. to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, made the last Session, for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Tryals for ing next, take into Consideration the Report from the Treason. Conference with the Lords, touching the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Ordered, That Mr. Chisrcell, and the Secretary to the ConvexLi-Iit Company for the convex Lights, do attend this House Company. Tomorrow Morning, with the Books of Orders, and Accounts of the said Company.

4C A Bill

a81 $5e — 26° Martii. -^.1695;

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties on Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and also upon

Marriages, Bachelors and Widowers; for the Term of Five Years;

for carrying on the War against the French King with Vigour; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved.That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedttefday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Duties on whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties Gluts, \c. Upon Q[afs W'ares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against , is committed, have Power to consider of the lessening the over-lea Duty upon Coals.

Ditto. Then the House, according to the Order of the Day,

resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Clmir.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 26° die Martii

Press l. L. li. leave out "or about," and insert " Writing, bearing Date the 20th Day of , in."

L. 12. leave out Four," and insert " Three."

L. 35. leave out "or about," and add "Writing,

" bearing Date the Eighth Day of February, in."

Pr. 6. L. 16, 17, leave out " their Heirs, and the Heirs " of the Survivor of them," and insert " the Survivors and " Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor."

Mr. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Expiring the Bill for continuing several Laws, therein mentioned, Laws, which are near expiring, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the fame; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Members for the County of Nottingham, and Mr. Storehouse Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Hedge?', be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the Estate of John Kirk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts....

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Mr. Complaint.

Holt, Mr. Taylor, Major Vincent, Mr. Mr.

Stokes, Mr. Bock I and, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Burrai'd, Mr. Tange r. Kendall, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Louther, Mr. Mr. B/'ockman, be added to the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Inhabitants of Tanger is referred.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of finall Tythes R«c°venng was read the Firit time. smallT>'the‘*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

P K A y E r s.

Making Salt A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Water tieili. lx. for making salt Water fresh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Andrews, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Joseph Air.

Boscawen, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir S. Barnardiston, Mr. Ash, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Cook, Mr. Air. Blofeild,

' Air. Clark, Mr. Christy, Mr. Bale, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir

Tho. ft fompesson.Colonel Perry, Mr Mr. Store-

house, Sir liobe?'t Colton, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Ar?iold, Mr. Waller, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Fenwick, Air.

Air. Hedger: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the ratifying and confirming a certain Indenture of Lease of Marlon Alear, in the County of Lancaster, made by the Earl of Derby, and others, to Thomas Fleet-wood Esquire, was read the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^Sir T \

l entrs ior trie l eas, VrP e/.,./,./,. i

Tellers for the Noes

[Mr. Shackerley

[Sir Francis Massam, '{Mr. N

J

95-

44-

No?res:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Air. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, without any Amendments.

Fleetwood's

Estate.

Webb's Air. Christy reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Jo?iathan Web Esquire, for Discharge of Debts and Incumbrances thereupon, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Chuiter's Sir Robert Eden reported from the Committee, to whom Estate. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of Sir William Chatter Baronet, in Yorkshire and Durham, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and to secure Portions for younger Children, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as - follow: viz.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of Supply Bill;

the whole House, to whom the Bill was committed, for enabling such Persons as have F.states for Life in Annuities, payable by several former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further, or more certain, Interests in such Annuities; and, in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the fame; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Oi'dered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bn ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Aloru- T<wg« ing next, take into Consideration the Alotion formerly Reties, made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, patted the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of

Ships,

' u

7 W. III.

id0 — 27"

283

Punishing T. and E. J'auncefort, Ic.

Ships, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of Southampton; and the Town of Portsmouth, and to all the Coaliing-Trade; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto: And that afterwards this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Mr. Harley, from the Commissioners for taking and

Rating the public Accounts, reported the further Examination of Mr. Edward P; and that Mr. Richard liarnage, one of the Contractors for Cloathing of

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,27* die Martii;

Scptimo Gulielmi 3ii.

Wa yers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hare'sEAate.

for the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hare Baronet, lately decealbd, to raile

the Army, had refuled to be examined upon Oath before Portions and -Maintenances for his younger Children, was

the iiiid Commissioners, in relation to the said Cloathing, and the Accounts thereof.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to oblige Mr. Edward Pauncefort to discover how he disposed the Monies paid into his Hands, relating to the Army; and for punching him, in case he shall not make such Discovery.

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dashzcood, Mr. Luttere/l, Mr. Christie, Mr. England, Mr. Btofeild, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Fleming, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bale, Mr. JVeld, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Lou ther, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gold, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Wvu Cooper,

Ordered, That Mr. Tracey Pannccjort, Mr. James Sir JTaller Young, Sir Fra. ALtssam, Mr. Dryden, Colonel 'mrtre and Air. Richard Tlnmnap i»p mrJndpH in the* Perry, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir John Turner, Mr. Holler, Mr.

Fozoies, Mr. Oheden, Mr. Hedger, Sir Sam. Dashzcood, Mr.

Craggs, and Mr. Richard liarnage, he included in the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Corrupt

Application ©1 Money by E. I. Cum-

A

llr. Hunger-lord expelled.

Sir T. Cook committed.

Bill compelling him to account.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded in the further Conlic'eration of the Report from the Committee appointed to iiifpcct the Books of the East-Inaia Company, and of the Chamberlain of the City of London. N

Rc/b/red, That this House will proceed upon that Part of the said Report, which relates to the Members of this House taking Money.

And Mr. Solicitor-General stood up, and gave an Account to the House, upon what Account he had the Five Guineas.

Also, Mr. IJungcrford did the fame, as to the Twenty Guineas he had.

Refolded, That Mr. Ihingerford, a Member of this House, having received Twenty Guineas for his Pains and Service, as Chairman of the Committee ol this House, to w hom the Orphans Bill w as committed, is guilt)' of a high Crime and Misdemeanour.

Residvcd, That Mr. llungerford, a Member of this House, being guilty of a high Crime and Misdemeanour, by receiving Twenty Guineas for his Pains and Service, as Chairman of the Committee of this House, to whom the Orphans Bill was committed, be expelled this House.

Ordered, That that Part of the Report from the said Committee, which relates to the East India Company, be now read.

And it was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cook do give an Account to this House, how the Eighty-leven thousand Four hundred and Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three-pence, in the said Report mentioned, was distributed.

Which he refilling to do;

And being heard;

And being withdrawn;

Re/blved, That Sir Thomas Cook, a Member of this House, having refuted to give an Account how the said Eighty-leven thousand Four hundred and Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three-pence, was distributed, be committed Prisoner to the I'mAnd that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to oblige Sir Thomas Cook to give an Account to whom he paid and distributed the said Eighty-leven thousand Four hundred and Tw'O Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three-pence, and other Sums of Money, mentioned in the said Report to be received and distributed by him: And that Mr. Bridges do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

,('o' -

Fuller, Mr. FretIc, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Cook, Sir Jojepn

Tredenhant, Mr. Alawdit, Mr . Bedingfand all that

lerve for the Counties of Norfolk and: And they

are to meet Tomorrow at Five a Clock in the Afternoon; in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Salif-to enable the Guardian of James Earl of Salisbury to make bury's Estate. Lcales of Salisbury House, and foinc other Hereditaments in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, for Improvement thereof by Building, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Hi Ilium Forester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Northleigh'* to enable Trullees to grant Leases of the Lands of Henry Estate. Northleigh Esquire, lately decealbd, for Payment of his Debts, and providing a Maintenance for his Children, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Rale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this lioule hath agreed to, the lame, w ithout any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, for the more effectual suppressing Sup; lvffing profane Swearing and Curling w as read the Third time.

An Amendment w as proposed to be made, by inlerting,

" Riding and Division" in Two Places in the Bill:

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Re/blved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for the more effectual suppressing profane Curling and Swearing.

Ordered, That Mr. Bczcyer do carry the Bill to the Lords: and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Brockman, according to Order, presented to the improve-House a Bill for the Improvement of the Freehold Estates mentoffreer of England, and the Encouragement of Trade: And the hold Estates, same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Re/blved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Encouraging ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Seamen.

House, to consider of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen.

of Curling and Swearing.

_ . w . Ordered, That the Consideration of the Accounts, pre- T f

Rejmeed, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- lented to the House, from the Commissioners for taking Debt/ ing next, proceed in the further Consideration of the said and stating the publick Accounts, relating to the Debt

Committee*.

Report.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Vol. XL J

to the Transport-Ships employed in the Reducing of Ireland, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, which is to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday

lait.

284 270 — 28° Martiu

last, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty for Relief of those Persons whole Ships were employed for the Reducin'! of Ireland.

O

1695;

Jovis, 28* die Marin;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Corrupt Ordered, That Sir Basil Firebrace be summoned to

Applkation attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

K. l.°Com- Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cook be brought, in Custody,

pany. to this House Tomorrow Morning: And that Mr.

Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Governor and Secretary of the India Company do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with a Copy of the Bond for Ten thousand Pounds, given by the Company, touching a Contract for Saltpetre; together with a Copy of the said Contract.

Punishing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the teSon!*1 Wht),e House, to whom the Bill for continuing Two former Acts, for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing faile Mutters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was committed; be made upon Monday Morning next.

IVrfons to Ordered, That Sir John Mr. Tyson, Mr.

aueml. Michael Godfrey, Mr. Hard, Mr. Mr. Heath-

cot, Sir John Sharden, and Mr. be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning: And that they do bring with them their Minutes, relating to the Interlopers.

Carmnif- The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro-V,u'rs "f ceedi d to the Kb Ciinn of a Commissioner for taking and

u coLuts. fluting the publick Accounts:

And the Members put into Glasses their Tickets, for that Purpose. as formerly.

Ordered, That the former Members do w ithdraw', and calt up the Tickets, upon whom the Choice doth fall.

Truusport The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Debt. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

take into Consideration the Motion, made upon last, fora Supply to be granted to his Majesty for Relief of those Persons whole Ships were employed for the Reducing of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Wanlcy's enable William Wanley, an Infant, under the Age ivtUte. of One-and-twenty Years, to new-build several Messuages and Tenements in Ax-yard, King's-st; and to enable his Guardian to make One or more Lease or Leases for effecting the same j was read the Third time.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Key do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordlliips Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Webb's for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jonathan Ei'quire, kiUite. for Discharge of Debts and Incumbrances charged there-upon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

A Petition of divers Makers of Stuffs, and Dyers, and African others, of the City of Norzcich, on behalf of themselves. Company, and others, was prelc nted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Royal Af rican Company import Redwood, without which the Petitioners cannot dye their Goods: And, by the said Company's Charter, they ought to fell that Commodity by Inch of Candle; notwithstanding which, for many Years pad, the Company have fold their Red-wood, by private Contract, to Three or Pour particular Persons, who have ingrossed, and fell the said Commodity Three times dearer than it was formerly fold; to the Grievance of the Petitioners, and the Woollen Ma-nufufture in general: And praying the Consideration of the lloul'e in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the said Company was referred, be taken into Consideration.

Sir 'Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered of the Matter to them referred, and had agreed upon a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House, w hen the Iloul'e will plcale to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; The I louse, according to the Order of the Day, relblved

Duties on itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

damages, Gf the Pill for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and

Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials; and upon Bachelors and Widowers; for the Term of Five Years; towards carrying on the War against the French King with Vigour.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Moi ning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Also, the like Petition of divers'Clothiers, Dyers, and Ditto, others, of the County of York, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the said Company was referred, be taken into Consideration.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morn- Encourage-ing next, resolve itlblf into a Committee of the whole meat of House, to consider further of the Bill lor the better En- Privateer*, courageinent of Privateers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marquis of for settling divers Manors and Lands, upon the Marriage Tavistock* of the Marquis of Tavistock, Grand Ion of//7 Duke Marnase

of Bedford, was read . Third time. Seuleuient

Rejoked, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with fume Amendments: To which they desire their Lordlliips Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent Exactions of Occupiers of Thames Locks and W eirs upon the River of Thames, welt ward I-wks and of the City of London; and for atcertaining the Price of " eirs-Water-carriage upon the said River; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for the Continuance of the Act, with a Blank for the Time:

And the same was twice read; and the Blank tilled up

15 with

Foreign

£e.unen*s

}sixi.

Barkham'*

Eihtte.

Comrmf-

f:t-rs of

Accounts.

Cruisers.

Privilege.

Scarborough

WiiU

Traosport

Debt.

7 w. III.

28° Martii.

285.

with "Nine;* and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Pill.

Ordered, That the Pill do pals: And that the Title he, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of weltward of

the City of London;and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corn nut tee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the Payment of those Persons, whole Ships were employed in the Reducing of Ireland.

The said Refutation being read a Second time;

Rejoiced. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Dutton do carry the Bill to Majesty, for the Payment of those Perl'ons, whole Ships

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto

were employed in the Reducing of Ireland.

Rejoiced \That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the Payment of those Persons, whole Ships were employed in th*

to eccount.

A Mdiage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Legat'd:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Foreign Seamen: To which they desire the Reducing of Ireland.

Concurrence of this House: Also,

They have agreed to the Amendments, made by this ^r* Bridges, according to Order, presented to the Compelling House,' to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the veiling the House a Bill to oblige Sir Cooke to give an Ac- sirT- Cc*'k«

Manors of Earles Croonicand Baughton, in the County «>unt to whom he paid and distributed Eighty-seven

of Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold} and for settling the thousand Four hundred and Two Pounds Twelve Shil-Manor-house and Royalty of If dm fleet St. Marycs, in the lj»gs and Three-pence, and other Sums of Money, men-County of Lincoln, and divers Lands, Parcel of the said tioned, in the Report from the Committee appointed to In-

spect the Books of the Company, to be received '

and distributed by him: And the same was received. 1 The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Manor, of greater Value, to and upon the same Uses; and to enable Sir Robert Barkham to make Provision for his Children.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking and ltating the publick Accounts for the Year 1695, was committed:

And the Lord Rauelaghreported, That the Members

appointed Yeliei bay to wilhdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, andcaft up the lickets for Choice of a Commissioner for taking and ltating the publick Accounts, had cast up the same accordingly: And that the Majority fell upon Raul Foley Llijuire, Speaker of this House.

Resolved, That the Blank in the Bill be filled up with Wednesday Morning next, the Names of the Commissioners agreed upon by the

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Clipping pointed to receive, Proposals for preventing the clipping lbe Com* the Silver Coin of this Kingdom be taken into Consideration upon TuejdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to West whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Poor of Thorock Cob/iam College, and the Proprietors of Lands, now *nundution* under Water, in the Parish of West , in the County of Effc.v, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Account of Crullers, formerly presented to the House, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, be delivered to the Commissioners for taking and ltating the publick Accounts: And that they do examine, how the Act for appointing Cruisers hath been pursued; and report the fume to the House.

A Complaint being made to this House, That Mr. Samuel Layton, Cursitor for London and Middlesex, hath made and delivered out a Writ of Error, in an Action of Kjeftment brought in the County of in a Caule, wherein the Honourable Bernard Esquire, a

Member of this House, is Defendant; as by a Certificate under the lit id Mr. Laytons, Hand, produced and read, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Report of the Conference with the Jrya,» Lords, upon the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treason. High Treason, and Misprision of Trealbn, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning tiext.(

Ordered, That the Bill for the Improvement of Free- Improve-

----- - nient of

Freehold F flutes.

Bold Estates of England; and the Encouragement of Trade; be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day* pro- Comipt ceeded in the further Consideration of the Report from Application the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the Money East India Company: _ Company.

Ordered, That the Cashier of the (I-India Company

do forthwith produce to this House the Warrants for the Sums of Money, amounting to 13,<332/. 9.?. 2d. mentioned, in the said Report, to be paid for special Service, or Charges-general, of the said Company, in the Years 1690, and 1 (191; and the Receipts for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Cashier do also produce to this

appears;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Samuel Layton be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, House the Warrants for the Sums of Money, amounting for the said Breach oi Privilege. to the Sum Of 87,402/. 12s. 3 d. mentioned, in the said

Report, to be paid for special Service, or Charges-general, of the Company, in the Years 1692, and 1693; and the Receipts for the lame.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Home do, Tomorrow Morning, give this House an Account of the Distribution of the 13,532/. 9$. 2d. mentioned in the said Report.

Mr. Colston offered to the House the Contract for Saltpetre, and Bond from the Company, in the

laid Report mentioned; and delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same were read; and, by Order of the House, delivered back to him again.

Mr. Ward, Mr. Godfrey, Mr. Luthier, Mr. and Mr. Lice, attending according to Order, were Cove-rally called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

4 D proceed

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, in the room of John Ilungcrford Esquire, expelled this House.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for Relief of those Persons whole Ships were employed for the Reducing of Ireland, their Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Vol. XI.

Whitchcotfe

Estate.

Irish

Arrears.

Chatter's

Estate.

Gallop's

Estate*

i®6

28* — £9* Maritu

A> 1695.

proceed in the further Confederation of the said Report

Ordered, That Sir Bazil Fi and Mr. do

attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cook be remanded to the Tower.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 29° die Martii;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom _ the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Paul WhitchcotKnight and Baronet, and Dame Jane his Wife, to inake Leases, for Ninety-nine Years, of the Manors of Tooti and any of their Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Tooting-Graveriey, Tooting-Beak, and in the County of

Surrey, was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

Press 3. L. 20. aftfer " Witnesses," insert " they the said " Sir John Gartard and Christopher Cratford being Par-

" ties thereunto, and signing and sealing the fame."

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

Pr. 1.

" First."

L. 16. Leave out " Second," and insert

Colonel Perry reported from the Committee, to whom Hare's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate, the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hare Baronet, lately deceased, to raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children, was committed, That they had made forne Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 36. after " Settlement," leave out " herein " after mentioned;" and insert " of his Estate, made some time before his Will."

Pr. 10. L. 27. after " and, " insert " be."

' ;i

An ingrossed Bill for continuing several Laws, therein Expiring mentioned, which are near expiring, was read the Third Laws-time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing, and making perpetual, several Laws therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Matthew Andrews presented to the House a Bill for Preventing the better preventing Correspondence with France: And Correfp.m-the same was received. lence vml*

r ranee.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of finall Tythes Recovering was read a Second time. Smainjthe*.

__________ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bicker-

to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire s*aff> Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Christie, Mr. lle-

their Lordships Concurrence. mnS> Mr. Mr. Cook, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Ra ti-

d'd I, Mr. Arnold, Sir Roger Puleston, Mr. Blofeild, Mr.

A Petition of Clementia Palmer, formerly presented to BedingfeilSir Robert Eden, Sir Tho. Vernon, Sir Jona. the House, was read; complaining, That Money due to Jennings, Mr. Clark, Sir John Key, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. her, upon Account of her Husband, Ma/thew Palmer, Kendall, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Campion, Mr. How, Sir Ro.

deceased, late a Lieutenant and Adjutant of the Regiment Cotton, Mr. Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Bale, Colonel

of Foot-Guards, commanded by the late Duke of Schom- Perry, Mr. Mr. England, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Low-

berg, are with-held from her. And also, ther, Mr. Kenyon, Mr. Holt, Mr. Waller, Mr. Gee, Mr.

A Petition of Anne Savage, Widow of Captain Robert Biddulph, Sir Jacob Ashley: And they are to meet To-mor-Savage, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; rOw in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's 'complaining, That Monies are due to her for her late Chamber.

Husband's Pay.

Ordered, That the said several Petitions be delivered A Bill for the Improvement of Freehold Estates of Eng- Improve-to one of the Commissioners for taking and stating the land, and the Encouragement of Trade, was, according ",entu°1f1 publick Accounts, who is a Member of this House. to Order, read the First time.

An insrolM Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Aa _ RefvcJ That the Mill be read a Second time upon ' ' Tuesday Morning next.

Freehold

Eltatis.

to vest certain Lands of Sir William Chaiter Baronet, in Yorkshire and Durham, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and to secure Portions for younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, llmt the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edoh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to ‘the lame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Polkxfen have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir John Walter have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing and enabling Commif- Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts Mr. Christy reported from the Committee, to whom for the Year 1695, was read the Third time. Ct'oun '

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

enable Peter Gollop Gentleman to fell a Farm, and certain An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to

Lands called Wantjley; and to vest the Inheritance there- examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts,

of, in Fee-simple, in such Person or Persons who shall Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill'to the

be Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from him, subject Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto,

only to the Payment of the Sum of One thousand Pounds,

Principal Money with the Interest thereof, due, and to A Bill to oblige Sir Thomas Cook to give an Account to Compelling grow due, upon the executory Estate of Robert Merefeild whom he paid and distributed Eighty-seven thousand Four s»r T. Cooke Gentlemen, deceased; was committed; That they had hundred and Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three- toaccount-made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed pence, and other Sums of Money, mentioned, in the Re-him to report to the House; and which he read in his port from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: of the East India Company, to be received and distributed where the same was read, and agreed unto by the House; by him, was, according to the Order of the Day, read a and is as followeth; viz. Second time,

Resolved,

'^1

7 w. m.

29° — ^(JMartii.

287

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Sabbati, 30* die Martii; Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

PftAt ers.

Efloft'i

Elute.

Suppressing of Cuiiing nod Swearing.

Marquis of Tavillock's Mairiaiie Setilenient.

Duties on Paper, &c.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, ..... by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements, late of John EjloJ't, of Etton, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, towards Payment of the Debts of the said John Ejloft, and railing Portions for his Daughters: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual lupprefiing of profane Cursing and Swearing, without any Amendments: Also,

They have agreed to the Amendments made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling divers Manors and Lands upon the Marriage of the Marquis of Tavistock, Grandson of William Duke of Bedford.

And then the Mell'engers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report relating to the Bill for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper;

And ihe Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

It paflbd in the Negative.

Corrupt Application of Monty by E. 1. Company.

Oi

Ci

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro cecded in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the East India Company:

And the Cashier of the East India Company attending according to Order, was called in; and produced Warrants for several Sums of Monies mentioned, in the said Report, to be paid for special Service in the Years 1690, 1691, 1692, and 1693:

And, after he had been examined, he withdrew.

The Warrants were read.

Mr. Tyson, attending according to Order, was called in;

and examined.

And then withdrew'.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, proceed in the further Consideration of the said Report.

Ordered, That Sir Bazilbe summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Ince be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Tyson, Sir Thannu Rardinfon, Mr. Ralph Marshall, Sir Rowland Mr. Ijdac

Houblon, and Mr. Richard AQon, be summoned to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Benjamin be summoned

to attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

3

4

j

Supply Bill; Duties on Marriages, &c.

Ordered, That die Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, towards carrying on the War against the French King with Vigour, be made upon Monday

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act pierce'* for the veiling certain Lands and Tenements, the Estate. Estate of George Gilbert Pierce, of die Middle Temple,

London, Esquire, in Trustees, for railing Monies, for the Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. IVaUer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this Houfo hath agreed to the feme, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of Nathanael Hill, and others, who served Irish Arrears, in the War in Ireland, in the late Brigadier s

Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read: And also,

A Petition of divers non-commissioned Officers, and Ditto, private Horsemen, of Colonel Theodore Russel's late Regiment of Horse, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said several Petitions be delivered to one of the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, who is a Member of this House.

A Petition of divers Clothiers, Serge-makers, Dyers, African and others, of the County of Somerset, on behalf of them- c‘>B0P»ny* selves, and others, was presented to tire House, and read; letting forth. That the Royal African Company, only, import Red-wood into Fbigland; without which, the Pei titiuners cannot dye their Goods: And by the Company's,

Charter, they are enjoined to fell that Commodity by Inch of Candle: That, notwithstanding their Charter, the Company have fold their Red-wood for several Years palt, by private Contraft, to Three or Four Persons, who have ingossed the said Commodity, and now fell it Three times dearer than formerly, to the great Grievance of the Per titioners, and the Woollen Manufactures in general: Aud praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of die feid Company was referred, be taken into Consideration.

Also, The like Petition of divers Clothiers, Serge- Ditto, makers. Dyers, and others, of the County of Gloucester, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the said Company was referred, be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Deputy-Governor of the Royal African African Company do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, with their Charter. 111 ei

Duties on Paper, &c.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Howland'* to enable Elizabeth the Widow of John - ^state'

land Esquire, deceufed, to settle Lands upon the Marriage of his foie Daughter and Heir; and for settling Lands upon the said Widow Howland, for her Life, in lieu of Dower; and for indemnifying Sir Jo,has Child, and the said Widow Howland, Grandfather, and Mother, of the said Heir, in Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- drlpofing of the personal Estate belonging to her, upon

Morning next.

I-

JU

ing next, resolve itself into a-Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, made the last Session, for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating-thereunto.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

her Preferment in Marriage; file being under the Age of Gln&.and-Twenty Years.; Mas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed 4o the fame, w ithout any Amendments.

A Bill for the better Regulating of Printing, and J}eSu|ating And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Prmting^Brefies, was read a Second time. pn"t!n8 am*

Morning, Niue a Qodk. ResolveedThat the Bill be committed to Mr, Clark, Preires.8" Vol. XI. Sir

30° Martii — 1°

A. 1695.

Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Mr. Kendall, Mr. Lat-

terell, Mr. Stonehouse, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Harley, Mr. Thonihagh, Mr. Foley, Mr. Btofeild, Sir Echo.

Mr. Christy, Mr. Coolie, Sir Ra. Carr, Mr. Ftdler, Mr. Stohcs, Mr. Freke, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Boyle, Sir Rich. Onsl<fa Mr. Shaker ley, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Guyn, Colonel Perry, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Pit, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Lowther, My. Done, Sir Vernon,

Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Sir Robert Eden, Lord

Coningsby, Sir Tho. ClargesMr. Sir Jos. Tre-

dtnham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Carr Colonel Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Kenyon, Sir JVm. Cooper, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Arnold, Mr. And they are to

meet at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, on Monday next, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Regulating A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty Printing and of the Art or Mystery of Stationers* was presented to the PreAe"^" House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is now depending in this House, for the better Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Prelfes; and that, if their Property should not be provided for by the said Bill, not only the Petitioners, but many Widows, and others, whose whole Livelihood depends upon the Petitioners Property, will be utterly ruined: And praying to be heard by their Counsel, touching the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Pet* on Pro- Ordered, That the Table of Fees relating to the Pro-

the<, House°f cee^mSs °* this House, be referred to the Consideration t e oue. a Committee: And that they*do report their Opinion,

what Fees ought to be allowed to the several Officers and Servants of the House:

And it is referred to Sir Mr. Smith,

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Tho. , Colonel Mr.

Clarke, Mr. hit ter ell, Sir Jennings, Mr. Palmes,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Christy, Mr. Sir

Thompson, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Mr. Bouyer,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Bromley, Sir Massam, Lord Russell, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Sir Onslow, Sir IVm. Cooper, Lord Sir John

Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Rowland Mr. JValler, Mr

Mr. Lowther, Mr. England, Mr. Bale: And they are to meet at Five a Clock on Monday next, in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Meffiige from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

Charter's The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Estate. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands of Sir William Baronet, in Yorkshire and

Durham, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and to secure Portions for younger Children: And also, tVbitchcote'* Have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, Estate. to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Sir Paul

cote Knight and Baronet, and Dame June his Wife, to make Lcales, for Ninety-nine Years, of the Manor of Tooting-Graveney, and any of their Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Tooting-Graveney, Tooting-Beak, and Streiham, in the County of Surrey, for the better Improvement thereof: And also,

Wanley's Have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, Estate. to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable,

' an Infant, under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, to

new-build several Messuages or Tenements in King's-street, 1 Vest minster; and to enable his Guardian to make one or more Lease or Leases for effecting the fame.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then withdrew.

Also, Sir Thomas Rara'linson, Sir Rowland Ainsworth,

Mr. Marshall, and Mr. Isaac Iloublon, attending according to Order;

They were severally called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Sir Bazil Firebrace, attending according to Order, was called in; and- examined; and delivered in an Account of Monies by him paid upon Account of the East India Company.

And then withdrew.

The said Account was read.

Resolveed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Compelling next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sir 1 ( "ke to consider of the Bill to oblige Sir Thomas Cooke to give to account' an Account to whom he paid and distributed l'ighty-leven thousand Four hundred and Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three-pence, and other Sums of Money, mentioned, in the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the East India Company, to be received

and distributed by him.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Cooke was presented to the Ditto. House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, a Bill is brought into the House, for imposing certain Penalties upon the Petitioner, in case he tliall not, by a certain Day, make a full Discovery, upon Oath, to the Commissioners for taking the publick Accounts, how, and in what Manner, to whom, and for what particular Purposes, the several Sums, therein mentioned, have been paid and distributed: That the Petitioner hath divers Realons to offer against the said Bill: And praying, That he may be heard, before the said Bill do pals, by his Counsel, at the Bar of the lioule; or otherwise, as . the House shall seem meet.

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Cook be heard by his Counsel, upon his said Petition.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Tonage ing next, take into Consideration the Motion from the ^uties* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, passetl the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, as it relates to the Isle of JVight, and Town and County of Southampton, and the Town of Portsmouth, and to all the Coasting-Trade; and of the Doubts and Complainrs relating the reunto: And that afterwards this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Encouraging ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole Settmen* House, to consider of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning a^sanii next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1 eaus' to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted for the Payment of those Persons, whole Ships were employed in the Reducing of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lima, 1* die Aprilis; Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

1

-r

iw:»

rreiuJ

Corrupt Application of Money by E. L Company-

Prayers.

IR Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, to Making salt

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the O whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Water fmh. East India Company: An Act for the making salt Water fresh, was committed,

And Mr. Tyson, attending according to Order, was That they had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which called in; and examined. they had directed him to report to the House; which he

read

7 W. III.

ApriUs.

289

it

Compelling Cragga, &c. to account.

A Witness Committed for refuting to aofwer.

Printing and

Printing-

Prefles.

read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at* the Clerks Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; '.

Pr. 6. L. 2, after " mentioned," insert " Invention."

L. 5, after " Assigns,"insert "for every Day, that such OffenceIhall be committed; which shall. and may be " recovered by the said WiUi his Executors, " Administrators, or Assigns, in any of his Majesty's " Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or by such other " Ways and Means, in such Courts of Record, as herein " before mentioned."

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Richard Homage to discover how some of the Monies, relating to cloathing the Army, had been disposed of; and for punching them, in case they shall not make such Discovery: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Homage, concerned in the cloathing the Army, for refilling to answer, upon Oath, before the Commissioners for examining, taking, and Hating, the public Accounts, concerning the Monies by him received, thereby obstructing the Inquiry into the Disposal of publick Money, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of several free Workmen, Printers, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House for the better Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Prefles; which Bill, as the feme now stands, doth leave the said Trade open to all Persons; which may not only

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do' carry the Bin to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the feme, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of Martha Nears, Frances Robinson, iriib Arrears. Frances Lindsey, Blanch Laws, and Clifton, Widows of Officers in the Regiment late of Sir John Laniers, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be delivered to one of the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, who is a Member of this House.

A Bill for the better preventing Correspondence with Preventing France was read the First time. Correspon-

Resoboed, That the Bill be read a Second time. Franc"'1

Mr. Christy reported from the Committee, to whom Boat* can the Bill for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel- »"g Boats, in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, and Members thereof; and for the Encouragement of Navigation, by the Exportation of Coals from the feme; was committed;

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in, at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling such Persons as have Supply Bill; Estates for Life, in Annuities, payable by several former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further, r *' or more certain, Interests in such Annuities; and, in ‘

Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the feme; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enabling such Persons as have Estates for Life, in Annuities, payable by several former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further, or more certain,

Interests in such Annuities; and, in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the fame;

prove of dangerous Consequence to the Government, but for railing Monies for Carrying on the War again

will be ruinous to the said Trade: That the Mailers and Apprentices of the Art of Printing have been always restrained in their Numbers by the late Acts for Regulating of Printing; which has tended to the Preservation of the Petitioners Trade; notwithstanding which, their Workmen are now lb very numerous, that there is not lawful Employment for Two-thirds of them; lb that several are forced to take up other inferior Employments, for the Support of themselves, and their Families: And praying, That they may be heard; and that the Number of Mailers and Apprentices may be restrained.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- preventing tituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping C0Ul^erfeit' the Coin of this Kingdom, be read Tomorrow Morning. in® mn'

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Ma- ^utie* on jesty certain Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five

be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is v > towards carrying on the War against the French

CmmutMt.

Bankrupts

Estates*

committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Jon. Jennings, Sir Wm. Honymood, Mr. Hedger, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr.

King with Vigour, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Answer to That such Members as are of his Majesty's moll Honour- Address.

Gollop'i

Eftste.

Arnold, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Dryden, able Privy-Council, had presented to his Majesty the Ad-o- r,j~- - — dress of this House, That his Majesty would please to

remove Henry Killigrew Esquire, Henry Fillers Esquire, and Richard Gee Esquire, from the Commission for putting in Execution the Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Stage Coaches: And that his Majesty was pleased to say. It should be done.

Sir Robert Eden, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of Bankrupts Estates is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Peter Gollop Gentleman to fell a Farm, and certain Lands, called Wantsley; and to vest the Inheritance thereof, in Fee-Ample, in such Person or Persons who shall be Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from him, subject only to the Payment of the Sum of One thousand Pounds Principal Money, with the Interest thereof due, and to

gow due, unto the executory Estate of Robert Merefeild Ships were employed in the Reducing of Ireland. entleman, deceased; was read the Third time. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Resotoed, That the Bill do pals. Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

YouXI. 4 E Mr.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, relblved Wa)'» and itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Meau#* of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the Payment of those Persons whose

Punching Mutiny and Deftrtion.

Compelling Sir T. Cook to account.

Encouragement of Privateers.

A: 1695.

Mr; Speaker resumed the Chair. been preferred to the House, and lie upon the Table, be

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, referred to; a Committee- And that they do report the That they had considered the Matter to them referred; Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House: and had come to several Resolutions; which they had And it is referred to Mr. Boscatoeiti directed him to report to the House, when the House ton, Mr. Holt, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Sam. will please to receive the same. Mr. Lotother, M r.Blofdld, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hedger, Mr.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow1 Hawtry, Mr.. Waller, Mr. Sanford, Sir Fra. Masidm, Morning. Mr. Arnold, SnGero.Ekces, S\eRobert Cotton, Mr. Cook,

Mr. Jeffryes, Mr. Wharton, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Christy, Ordered That the Report from the Committee of the Mr. Newport, Sir Colonel Perrey, Mr.

whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing Two for- LuttereU, Mr. Morris, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr.

mer Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall Palmes, Mr. , Sir And they are

mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punish- to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in ing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Year longer; was committed; be made Tomorrow Persons, Papers; and Records.

Morning.

Resolved, That tins House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to oblige Sir Thomas Cook to give an Account to whom he paid and distributed Eighty-seven thousand Four hundred and Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three-Pence; and other Sums of Money, mentioned, in the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the East India Company, to be received and distributed by him.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Serge-makers, Dyers, and African others, of the County of Devon, was presented to the House, Company, and read; letting forth, That the Royal African Company, who, only, import Red-wood, are enjoined by their Charter to sell the same by Inch of Candle: notwithstand-, ing which, they have, for several Years past, fold the same to Three of Four Persons, who have ingossed that Commodity, to the great Grievance of the Petitioners, and the Woollen Manufactures in general: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the said Committee.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act PreVewtng to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this counterfeit-Kingdom, was, according to Order, read the First time. "8 Co' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 2* die 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Wollaston's AT R. Waller reported from the Committee, to whom Eiiate. 1VJL the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Hannah Woollaston Widow, and Jonathan her Son, an Infant, to fell certain Lands and Tenements in Warn ford, in the County of Southampton, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, according to the Will of Richard Woollaston Esquire, deceased, was committed. That they bad examined and considered the fame; and made an Amendment, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

Hare's An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hare Baronet, deceased, to raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dashwood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

African The Deputy Governor of the Royal African Company Company's of England, attending according to Order, was called in: Charter, tic. And he delivered the Charter of the Company; together with an Order of a General Court, held the 17th of January 16S0; touching the Sale of Red-wood, to the House.

And then Withdrew.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the Charter, and of the said Order, and of the several Petitions relating to the Sale of Red-wood, which have 35

Mr. Wharton, according to the Order of the Day, re- Punishing ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Mutiny a*A the Bill for continuing Two former Acts for punishing Defwuon. Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was committed; the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them disagreed, and the rest agreed, unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That no Colonel or Agent shall be allowed any Sum of Money, upon Pretence of Advance:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up by the House; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Paymaster, upon Certificate of the Justice of Peace, shall pay such Quarters as shall be therein certified to be due to the Inhabitants, out of the full Subsistence of the Persons concerned:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That when the Pay of any Horse shall be augmented by' reason of their Quartering in London, Westminster, or _ Southwark, every Officer or Soldier shall pay Eight-pence per Night for the Hay of each Horse:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That the Paymaster shall not pay any Money to any Agent, or other Person, by virtue of any Authority' from any Officer, until such Persons shall give such Security, by Bond, as the Commissioners of the Treasury shall approve of:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled' up by the House; and the Clause, upon, the Question put thereupon^ agreed unto by the House.

And a Debate arifingupon the Bill;

7 w.1 in.

1'

Ordered, 'that the Deflate, be a^ourned till Tc^qiqmov?

Morning. ,: u. *:' ,v.«i i.»i. " Lf:

Ordered, That Mr. flarley, Sir. Chr. Sir

tho.Clarges, Mr. Gzvynr lord.Riystkgh,

Wharton, Cord Cpningsby, Mr. If alter, Mi'- Colt, or any three of them, do prepare, and bripg, in, ;a Clause to the Bill for pqnifliing Mutineers and Deserters; tp>prevent Officers taking Money from Persons to exciife quartering of Officers and Soldiers; upon! publick Houses, upon, the Debate of the House.-

An ingrorfed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act WoolWtonV to enable HanpahWoollaston Widow, apd ^,tate-

Son, aoTnfant, to fell certaiTi Lands and tepemenls in Warnejordi in the County of Soufhanlpton, for Payinient of

Debts> and Legacies, according to the WiH of Richard Woollqston, J r -‘t J 1

Duties on Peper, 4c.

Compelling Craggs, &c. to account.

Compelling SirT. Cooke to account.

' Resolved, That this House will, To-mpurow Aforningk.

resolve itself into a Cmnoiittee of the whole House, to Consider of the Report from the Committee, to;whoinit< was. referred to-consider of the Act, pafledthe lall. Session, for laying ievepl Duties upon Vellprn, Parchpient, andi Paper; and the poubtSjand Complaints relating the re-; pntp. . ...; r ' U

.., . , -; i

A Bj!l to oblige Mf. James and Mr. Richard

Haritdgc to discover how feme of the Monies relating to doatliing the Army, have been disposed of; and for pu-riishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of die- whole House.

Re/blved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

flie House, according, to the Order of the Day, re-(blveditself into a Committee of the whole House, to con*, fider of the Bill to oblige Sir I'ho. Cooke to give an Account: to whom lie paid and distributed 1- ightv-seven thousand Four hundred and Two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three-pence, and other Sums of Money, mentioned in the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the East India Company, to be received and distributed by him.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bridges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bridges reported from the said Committee, That-they had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaic to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Loads, and acquaint them, That this House hath to the,(amp, witjvan Amendment:, To wfoch, they.< their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingro(Ted Bill (rom the Lords, intituled, An Act for, foreign^ naturalizing foreign (Seamen, was; pepcj so? dn?e. Seamen*

.. Resolved, That the Bill be read, a, Sppond titpe, after 8

Eleven.a C'ipcki , . , j

i , . \ ,.l. .; ! /

.An ingrossed Bill; from tnq Lords, intituled, An Act[ Prevf"^|f. to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of tips j^gCoi£U" Kingdom, w as, according to Order, read; Second ,titne.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to, Sir j Haney, Sir:Tho. Vernon, Mr. bleak'. Air. Sir

Ron landGzcyn, Mr. Lufterell, Mr. Chrifiy, Mr. Coijipn)

Mr. Pdpil/ion, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bedin Mr. 7ravers#

Mr. Sabe/l, Mr. JV.alter, V) oft or Barboi\, A so. Frehe, Air.

Morris, Mr. Clark, Mr. Booth, Mr. RMir. Air. Stokesi Mr. Cook; Sir, Fra. Jllcssqm,

~ Soli-

May* and Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the fcMM. whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the Payment ot those Persons whose Ships were employed in the Reducing of Ireland, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Commituei. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Aforning, Nine a Clock.

Mertnirii, 3* Aprilis;

7® Gulielmi Tertii.

ton. Air. Foley, Sir Tho. Clarges, Air. -Bigot,.. citor-GeneralMr. Palmes, Mr. Blo/eild, Si

Mr. Bickerjlajje. Air. Boyle, Mr. SyMr, Harley, Mr. Gzcyn, Mr. Bale, Mr. Bo/ivuvn, Sir Barker, Sir John Banks, Mr. Biddulp/t,\|r. Lozetker, Mr. Kenyon,

Air . FrezveU;Air. Ilaryey, Air . BulkleySir graze, Sir Sam. Barnardiston;And all that come are to

have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in thp Afternoon at Five a (.'lock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And are to have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and'

Records.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Clipping tie pointed to receive Propcdals, to prevent the clipping the <-oin*

Silver Coin of this Kingdom, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, tb; West whom the Petition of the Poor of Cobhani College, and Thorock of the Proprietors of Lands now under Water, in West- Inundation* Ihoi'ock, in the County of Essex, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

PraV ins.

Punishinj Mutiny and Desertion.

Regulating Printing and Printing-Prefira.

BORDERED, That the Committee for preparing a Clause, to be added to t

A Aleflage from the Lords, by Sip Miles Cook and Sir John Franklyn:,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Pierce'* this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Estate. certain Lands and Tenements, the Estate of George Gilbert Pierce, of the Middle Tettiple, London, Esquii a, in Trustees, for raising Monies for the Payment of his'

Debts: And also,

To the Amendments, made by this House, to the Billy Making Salt intituled, An Act for making Salt Water fresh: And also, Water To the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, Hare'sEftat*. intituled, An Act for the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hare Baronet, lately deceasedj to raise Portions and Maintenance! for his younger Children.: And also,

To the Amendments, made by this House, tb the Bill, GoUop'a intituled, An Act to enable Peter Gollop Gentleman to EU&te. fell a Farm, and certain Lands, called Wantsley; and to

the Bill for punishing Muti

neers and Desertets, have Leave to fit during the Sitting vest the Inheritance thereof, in Fee-simple, in such Person of the House. or Persons who shall be Purchaser Or Purchasers thereof

from him, subject only, to the Payment of the Sum of One Orderedl That the Committee, to whom the Bill for thousand' Pounds PrinoipaJ Alopey, with the Interest Regulating Of Printing, and Printing-Prefles, is com*- thereof due, and tb grow due upon the executory Estate niitted; have Power to (end for Persons, Pajoers, and of Robert MereJeild Gentleman, deceased.

Records. And then the Mefieneers withdrew.

You XI. Sir

2<)2

3® April

A \ 1695.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for Payment of such Persons whose Ships were employed for the Redyeing of the Resolu-

tions of the said Committees which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there is a Debt due to his Majesty'3 Subjects, whose Ships were employed in the Reducing of Ireland, amounting to the Sum of 330,769/. 10 7<L as appears by a

Report from the Commissioners for taking and Hating the publick Accounts.

2. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Fund, not exceeding the Sum of 20,000 Arm. be granted to, and vetted in, his Majesty, for the

Payment of Interest, at 5 /. per Cent, per Am. to those Persons whose Ships were employed in the Reducing of Ireland.

3. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the said Sum of 20,0001, per Amu a Duty of 56 s. per Hundred Weight be laid upon all Coffee imported, over and above what is now payable for the lame.

4. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the raising the said Sum of 20,0001, per Am. a Duty of 6 d.per Pound Weight be laid upon all

Cocoa-nuts imported from any the Plantations belonging to the Crown of England, over and above what is now payable for the fame.

5. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the said Sum of 20,0001, per Am. a Duty of Nine-pence per Pound Weight be laid upon all Cocoa-nuts imported from any other, foreign. Plantations, over and above what is now payable for the fame.

6. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the said Sum of 20,000 Annum, a Duty of 12 d.per Pound Weight be laid upon

- all Chocolate imported, over and above what is now payable for the fame.

7. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the said Sum of 20,0001, per Annum, a Duty of 2 s.per Pound Weight be laid upon all

Cocoa-paste imported, over and above what is now payable for the fame.

8. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the said Sum of 20,0001, per Am. a Duty of is. per Pound Weight be laid upon all Tea imported, over and above what is now payable for the lame.

9. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the said Sum of Twenty Thousand Pounds per Annum, a Duty of 5 Pound Weight be laid upon all Tea imported from Holland, or any other Country, not the Place of its Growth, over and above what is now payable for the lame.

10. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the said Sum of 20,0001, per Ami a Duty of double the Sums charged in the Book of Rates, be laid upon all Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, and Mace.

11. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the said Sum of 20,000l. per Arm. a Duty of 20 /. per Cent, ad valorem, be laid upon all Pictures imported.

12. Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Three Years.

The first Four of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put therepon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting, after " Plantation," " from whence by Law they may " pow be imported And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Re/olced, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards raising the said Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds per Annum, a Duty of Nine-pence per Pound Weight be laid upon all Cocoa-nuts imported from any other, foreign, Plantations, from whence by Law they may now be imported, over, and above what is now payable for the fame.

The Sixth, and Seventh Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Eighth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting, after " Tea," regularly

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refolded, That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution so amended, That, towards raising the said Sum of 20,000 /. a Duty of 1 s. per Pound Weight be laid upon all Tea regularly imported, over and above what is now payable for the fame.

The Ninth Resolution being read a Second time;

Some Amendments were proposed to be made; viz.. by leaving out " 5 j." and inserting, instead thereof,

"2 s.6 d.and by inserting, after " Growth," " or " usual Shipping."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refolded, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards raising the said Sum of 20,000 I. per Annum,a Duty of 2 6 d.

per Pound Weight be laid upon all Tea imported from Holland, or any other Country not the Place of its Growth, or usual Shipping, over and above what is now payable for the fame.

The Tenth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " double the Sums," and inserting, instead thereof,

" 5 I.per Cent, over and above what is now

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refolded, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That, towards raising the said Sum of 20,000l. per Annum, a Duty of 5 /. per Cent, over and above what is now charged in the Book of Rates, be laid upon all Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, and Mace.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Godolphin, and Mr. Perry, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That a Clause be brought into the Bill, for the Redemption of such of the said Debts as may have been assigned.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also, That a Clause be brought into the Bill, for dispensing with the Act of Navigation, for the Importation of Nutmegs, Cloves, Cinnamon, Mace, and Tea, during the said Three Years.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Bill Puniflung for continuing Two former Acts for punishing Officers Mutiny and and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's D ertu>n' Service; and for punishing false Mutters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer:

And Sir Thomas Clarges reported, That the Committee appointed to prepare a Clause, for preventing Officers taking Money from Persons to excuse Quartering of Officers and Soldiers upon publick Houses, had prepared the feme accordingly, and directed him to report the same to the House; and he read it in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was twice read; mid, with some Amendments made by the House, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered,

'dj\

invis*

0

7)W. III.

3* — 4"

*93

Conference

deflrodwith

Lords.

Compelling Sir T. Cook* to account

Earthoo-

wart.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in*

grofled.

Tryal* tot The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro-

1Ve,fcn* eeeded to take into Counderation the Report of the Conference with the Lords, upon the Amendments made to the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Lords, were severally read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Resolved, That this House doth insist upon their disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments.

Ordered, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered \That Mr. Boyle do go to the Lords, and desire the said free Conference.

Mr. Bridges, according to the Order of the Day, re-6 ported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to oblige Sir Tho. Cooke to give an Account to whom be paid and distributed the several Sums of Money, mentioned, in the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the Company, to be re-

ceived and distributed by him,#vas committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended, by leaving out "take," and inferring " receive," in Two Places.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That in case the Commissioners of Account shall, upon the Discovery to be made by Sir Thomas , adjudge, that any of the Monies received by Sir Tho. Cook, was paid to any Member of either House, or to any Privy-Counsellor, or other Officer whatsoever, such Persons shall be for ever incapacitated to serve in Parliament, or hold any Office under his Majesty; and shall also suffer Imprisonment: And the Same was received.

And the Question being put. That the ClauSe be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

Rejoboed, That this HouSe will, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Act, passed the last Session, for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 4* die Aprilis;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual prohibiting the Importation of Earthen-wares was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

Vex. XL

Duties on Paptr, fee.

Resolved, That the BUI for die Improvement of the Improro-Freehold Estates of England; and the Encouragement of F°?nt£l?rBe~ Trade; be now read a Second time. . bold States.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brockman,

Sir Walter Clarges, Mr. Christie, Mr. Colt, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Roger Puleston, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir William Pritchard, Mr. Hem, Sir Edward Sir Hen.

Hobart, Sir John Knight, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Cook, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Tho. Femon, Sir Jof.

Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Scroope Haw, Mr. Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Chr. Mufgraoe, Mr. Montague, Lord Combury, Colonel Titus, Mr. Finch, Mr. Sir

John Moreton, Mr. Holt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Sam.

*Dashwood, Sir Tho.Littleton, Mr. Palmes, Mr. LuttereU,

Mr. Waller, Mr. England, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Fuller,

Doctor Barbon, Mr. Dryden, Colonel Perry, Sir Tho.

Dyke, Sir Ra. Carr, Sir Gervas Ehves, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Fownes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Faux, Mr. Kendall, Mr.

Foley, Sir Rowland Gwytm, Mr. Boyle, Mr.

And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House^ to whom the Bill for granting to his 0,1 Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, £IarnaSe*> and Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Tym of Five Years, towards carrying on the War against the French King with Vigour, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Harley presented to the House, according to Punishing Order, a Bill for punching of Tracy and

Edward Pauncefort, for corrupt Practices, in with- aunceo holding Money from the Officers of the Army: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Encouraging ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole S€ttn, en* House, to consider of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Compelling ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^account.' House, to consider of the Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Richard Harnage to discover how feme of the Monies, relating to cloathing the Army, had been disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Clipping Um whom it was referred to receive Proposals for preventing the Clipping of the Silver Coin of this Kingdom, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning, after the Report of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, ana Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, towards carrying on the War against the French King with Vigour.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Duties on solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to P»P*r. toe. consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Act, made the last Session, for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bowyer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bowyer reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress, in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move,. That they may have Leave to fit again.

4 F

yti

,.;, Rcftlvetf That this House wiH, uppu Tupfday Moving u relolye i,tfe}sint» a Co^iriittBp oftbp^Me-Wouft,

' !.' to consider further of the said lleport. , _ Y

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees adjourned.

' And then the House adjourned till Tq-mpprOW

- Mornipg, Kine- a Glocki >v

, ,t . ----- - nr *-----\ — rr*- —

Veneris, 5P die Aprilis;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

P ra y. e as.

Hawkers A BIL L for fop pressing Hawkers and Pedlars in and Pedlars. f\^ Cities, Boroughs, and Corporations, was read a Second, time. 1

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mt. Brock-mart, Mr. Mcnvdit, Mr. Mr.

.Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Sir

.Row. Gwyn, Mr. Cook, Mr. Mr; Tredenham,

.Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Fuller,. Mr. Hedger, Colonel Perry, <Mr. Fenwick, / Mr. May, Sir Ra. Carr, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Pigot, Mr. BlofeUd, Mr. , Mr. Fenwick, Sir John Moreton, Mr. How, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Hobby, Sir Roger Puleston, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Mr.

And all that come are to have Voices<: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. ...!<

Preventing A Bill for the better preventing Correspondence with

Correspon- France was read a Second time, dence with

France. Rejoiced, That , the Bill, be committed to Sir Matth.

Andrews, Mr. Parhhurst, Mr Sir Robert Cot loti,

Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Harley, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Stratford, Cord Cornbury, Sir Sir Moreton,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Cook, Mr. Piggot, Sir Foreland Gwyn, Mr. Hobby, Sir Ralph Car, Mr. May, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Frewen, Mr . Fenwick, Sir Sam. Mr. Lump-ton, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Foley, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Campion, Mr. Waller, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Newport, Mr. Bale, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Carr, Colonel Perry, Mr.

Sand ford, Mr. Gwyn; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Suss&r, or for any of the Cinque-Ports or Sea-Ports. s

And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive Clauses for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, Woolsells, Alortlings, Shorlings, Yarn made of Wool, or Wool-flocks; and to alter the Penalty of former Laws relating the reunto.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Preventing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom

Wool"*0* *he Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Prefer vation of the publick Market at Blackwell-hall; and for Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures in Payment of their Wages; was committed; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A‘ Petition.of Thomas LCemp, abd othea^ qh JbdMf of JJackney themselves, and others of the ancient Hackney Coanhtoen, was presented to the House, and read setting forth, That

the Relntionersi haVing; bden greatly mjured.by Henry '*

-KMgrewy Henry Fillers, and Richard Gee, Bfquires, three of the late Commissioners for Lifcensing and Regulating, of: Hackney and Stage Coaches, the Petitioners laid before the House their Grievances in a Petition, which was referred to a Committee; upon whole Report,

.the House did vote the Petitioners worthy of the Relief of this House; but as, yet nq Method is directed for that Purpose, though they have been at great Charge and -Trouble to obtain the fame: And praying the Relief of the House in their distressed Condition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Thomas Woods, Goldsmith, was presented Preventing to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Counterfeit*, hath, by Order of her late Majesty, and the Lords Com- in6 . i missioners of the Treal'ury, undertaken tq coin Medals of several Sorts; and hath lately laid out a considerableSum '

,of Money to furnish himself with Tools and Necessaries for that Purpose; which, if the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for preventing counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, should pass, as now it is, will be made useless to the Petitioner, to his very great Damage:

And praying to be heard, touching the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said BilL is committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to Oblige Sir Thomas Compelling Cook to give an Account to whom he paid and'distributed the several Sums of Money, mentioned, in the Report to accounU from the Committee appointed to insped the Books of the East-Llidia Company, to be received and distributed by him, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning:

And that then the said Sir Thomd.i Cook be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon his Petition.

A Bill for Punishing of Tracy Pauncefort and Edward Punirtiing Pauncefort for corrupt Practices, in with-holding Money T- and E-from the Officers of the Army, was read a Second time. ^aunce^ort* Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed tb a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of James Craggs and Richard Harnage was Compelling presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Craggs, &c. Petitioners are informed, a Bill is brought into the House *° &ccount-against them; and that they have several Realbns to offer against the Palling thereof« And praying. That they may be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar-of the House, or in such manner as the House shall think fit, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said James Craggs and Richard Harnage be heard upon their Petition.

Assize of A Bill for the better regulating the Assize of Bread Bread. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Perry, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Foley, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Cha. Bloys, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Tho. Dyke,. Mr. Osborn, Mr. Bickerstqff, Mr. Cook, "Mr. Bromley, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr.' Lutterell, Mr. Campion, Mr.' Fenwick, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr. Harvey, Air.

Waller, Mr. Hawtry, Sir Jerv. Elit es, Mr. Bowyer, Sir John Moreton, Mr. Gerrat'd, Air.

Air. Hetlger, Mr. Bale, $ir Air. Colt, Air.

Arnold, Sir John Barker, Mr. England, Mr. Christie: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Jive a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Sir Thomas Littleton repiorted, from the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his RuUe.s 00 Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, &(fma8*s' and Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, towards carrying on the War against the French King with. Vigour,. was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bilb; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. ' '*

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to excuse Fellows and Students of the Twb Universities from paying the Duties imposed upon Bachelors, where; by the

Statutes

9

Cota.

'<15*

i.

M

lV«ft-Tho-rode Inundation.

if.

Jit

7W.n1.

£^-7-6"Aprilis.

*95

(Statutes of their Colleger theyare to be displaced) if foeyjbell tnwry: . > . ,>

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill. ' '

‘ Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the bi tter cbllefting foe Duties on Buriafe:

And the same was twice fead; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed utito by the House to be made part of the Bill.

'Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill. That all Persons, paying Twenty Shillings for the Burial of any Person, shall deliver to the Collector a Certificate of the Quality and Deicent of such deceased Person; which shall be transmitted to the Heralds of Arms, who shall be answerable for the lame:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Hdule to be made Part of the Bill. /' ' .:'"

A borrowing'Cjadle wa^ prefenfod' lb the House, >vitfi Blanks:: ': !, ' '

And the Clause WaS twice readj And, the Blanks fiJltad up by the House: . '*

And then foe (ifeufe was, upon the Question piit ,thereupon, agreed unto by the House.; , ' V

Another Clause was offered tb be added to the Bill, for

A Message from the Lords, by Cooke and Sir Supply BUb

Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker, *"*

The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act for enabling such Persons as have Estates for Life, in Annuities, payable by several former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further, or more certain,

Znterefts in such Annuities; and, in Default thereof fcfc admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the feme; for raising Monies for carrying on the War agajnftEhffltf; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengere withdrew.

.. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mora* Tonage ing next, take into Consideration foe Motion made from Dutiw, Sec. foe Committee of the whole House, to whom it waS referred to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, passed the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships,' as )t relates to the Isle of Wight, and Town and County of tSouthampton, and the Town of Portsmouth, and to the Coasting-Trade; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto: And that: afterwards this House will Jrfifojye itself into, a Committee of the whole House; to consider further of foe said.Report.

enabling the Bank of England to lend above 1,200,0001.

And the feme was read the Pirft tjme; and, by Leave of the Hqufe, w ithdrawn,; 1

Ordered That the Bill; with the Amendments, be

ingrossed;

;s

Clipping the Coin

The House, according to the Order of foe Day, took into Consideration ‘ the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Proposels to prevent the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom.:

And the Report w'as read. 1

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to a Committee of w hole House.

'Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a-Committee of the whole House, to consider of foe said Report

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Poor of Cobham College, and the Proprietors of Lands, now under Water, in the Parish of West-Thorock, in the County of Essev, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered That the Serjeant at Arms attending'this Member* House do go into Westminster-hall, and foe Court of Re- fununoB*<,‘

quest, and summon foe Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Resolved, Neminccontradicente. That an humble Ad* Meafaree drels be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this arxl1^>r^c* House as are of his Majesty s most Honourable Privy-Council, That his Majesty will please to issue his Royal Proclamation, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of foe City o i London, and Justices of the Peace of foe several

Counties, do forthwith put in Execution the Laws for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals; and that his Majesty will please to order Convoys for the Coal-Ships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enforce, Ditto,

and make more cff'eftual, the Laws for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals: And that Sir Thomas and Sir Thomas Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sabbati, 6* die Aprilis; 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Colonel Perry, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill;

House a Bill for the granting of certain Rates and Duties Duties on upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and other Goods and &c‘ Merchandizes therein mentioned, for the Term of Three Years, for the Purposes therein expressed: And foe same was received.

The Bill was read foe First time.

Refohxd', That the Bill be read a Second time.

Prayers.

Kirks'.

Estate,

SIR Robert Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the Estate of John Kirke, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they bad examined and considered the fame, and foe several Petitions referred to the Committee; and had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to foe House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the feme was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and is as followeth;

Prels 2. L. 37, after " Preniifes," add " or are made l< subject unto by any Decree in Chancery; together allb u with all foe Monies due to Mrs. Anne The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do cany the Bill to foe Lords, and acquaint them, pTbat this House hath agreed to the feme, with an Amendment; To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Vol.XI.

The Counsel for Sir Thomas Cook attending;

They were called in:

And his Petition was read:

And also the ingrossed Bill to oblige him to give an Account to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company, was read the Third time.

And the Counsel were beard.

And then withdrew.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That if Sir Thomas Cook shall account before foe Commissioners of Accounts, they shall deliver the feme, in Writing, to both Houses, at their next Meeting:

And foe feme was read Three times; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Refotoed, That foe Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to oblige Sir Thomas Cook to give arl Account to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to he received out of foe Treasure of foe EasVIndia Company.

Ordered,

Compelling Sir T. Cook to MCOOntr

2^6 6° — 8° Aprilis. A. 1695.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the Bill to the Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill 3 Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. ' to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Compelling > Residved, That tins House will; upon Wednesday Morn*

Craggs,&c. ing next/ iitefolte itself into a Committee of the whole to account. jjoufe> consider of the Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Bichard Homage to discover how some of the Monies, relating to the cloathing the Army, have been disposed of.; and for punishing them, in case they shall not 'make such Discovery.

Punishing Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-

Vuwcefort next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

i;"; House, to consider of the Bill for the Punishing of Mr.

' 1 Tracy Pauncefort and Mr. Edward Pauncefort for corrupt

Practices, in withholding Money from the Officers of the Army.

Preventing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Wool* 'whom the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preserva-tion of the publick Market at; and for Relief of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages; be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine a Clock.

Luna, 8® die T Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Supply Bill } Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, Dutim on and also upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of Marriage*, Five Years, for carrying on the War against the French *c'

'King with Vigour, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, That all Quakers, Papifis, or Jews, who shall cohabit together as Man mid Wife, wall pay the Duties payable upon Marriages, according to their Qualifications:

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up by the House:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by inferring the Word " Bishop," in Two Places:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, touching Heralds:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five Ye^rs, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mtafure*

and PricM of Coals.

Encouraging

Seamen.

SIR Thomas Vernon, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for enforcing, and making more effectual, the Laws for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Company of Fishermen, of the River

Supply Bill; Duties on Coffee, &c.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. H

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cwnmiffor appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, fioner* of take, and state, the publick Accounts, without any Account*. Amendments: And also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to of Thames, was presented to the House, and read; setting prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs Lock* and forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is now upon the River of; and ascertaining the Rates of Weir*,

before the House, for a general Registry of all Seamen Water-carriage upon the said River; without any Amend-and Watermen; which the Petitioners, at a General Court ments: And also,

of Assistants, unanimously agreed, will be for the great They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Expiring

Advantage of the Nation: And praying Leave to bring continuing, and making perpetual, several Laws, therein Laws,

in a Clause, to be inserted in the said Bill, for keeping such mentioned, with some Amendments: To which Amend-a Registry of the Fishermen, Dredgermen, and Servants, ments, they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, within the Limits of their Company. Their Lordships having Occasion to examine Charles Lord* desire

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Nois, who, as they are informed, is in the Custody of the to examin* referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom Serjeant at Arms attending this House; they desire he may

the said Bill is committed. forthwith be permitted to attend the House of Lords. w cu y‘

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the SAjeant at Arms attending this House do forthwith cause the said Charles Nois, m his Custody, to attend the House of Lords, to be examined, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr.

A Bill for the granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and other Goods and Merchandize therein mentioned, for the Term of Three Years, for the Purposes therein expressed, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Speaker acquainted them therewith, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Puaiftiing Mutiny and DeferUon*

A Petition of Richard Moor Esquire was presented to Bilkopp*-the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner C*ftl* is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- Election, ment for the Borough of Bishopps-Castle, Com. Salop, in An ingrossed Bill for continuing Two former Acts, for the room of William Oakley Esquire, deceased; notwith-puniiliing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert Handing which, the Bailiff of the said Borough hath re-his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Mutters; turned Henry Newton Esquire, with your Petitioner; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; whereby he is prevented from fitting in the House: And was read the Third time. praying to be heard in the Premises.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of An Act for continuing Two former Acts, for punishing the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his and Elections: And that they do report the Matter, with Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Mutters; and their Opinion therein, to the House. for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer. Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this

House,

1

Clipping the Coin.

Encouraging

Seamen.

Committees.

Comply*

Buying and le.ling Offices.

7W.III. 8° — 9°

House, with the Return for the said Borough, To-mor-row Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itie If into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. GoJolphin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. GoJolphin reported from the said Committee, That they had entered upon the Consuleration of the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this house will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then tire House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 9* d;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

RDE RE D, That Sir Kay, Mr. Bale, Mr.

England, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Clark, Mr. Cook, Sir I Fait. Yong, Mr. Braver, Mr. Stakes, Mi*. Bowyer, Mr. G'zeyn, Mr. Cufliford, Mr. Gold, Mr. Store-

house, Sir # Drake, be added to the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Charter of the Royal African Company of England, and the several Petitions relating to the Sale of Red-wood, is referred.

Apr ills. 197

Ordered, That the Examination and Confederation of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: Aud that they do report the Matter to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr.

England, Mr. Borayer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Stokes, Mr.

Blofield, Sir Jerv. Fkas, sir Robert Cotton, Mr. /Caller,

Mr. Dryden, Sir Fra. Molineux, Siv Cha. Raleigh, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Lord Cornbury, Sir Rich. Onsluzr, Mr.

Bockland, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Carr, Mr. Brockman, Mr.

Christy, Major Vincent, Sir John Hanks, AEjor Holmes,

Mr. Colt, Mr. Brener, Sir Tito. Vernon, Mr. Burrard,

Sir John Barker, Sir Tho. Clarges, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Lampion, Sir Matih. Andreus: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Newark upon Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for elect- Trent Writ, ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, in the room of the Lord Eland, now Marquis of Halifax.

A Bill for enforcing, and making rr\pre effectual, the Measures Laws for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals, and Prices was read a Second time. Coals,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Tho. l\rnon, Sir Jervas Euccs,

Air. Bosancen, Mr. Clark, Mr. Bouycr, Mr. Brarer.

Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. JValter, Mr. Christie, Sir Fra. Jllch-neiLi, Mr. Blofield, Sir John Lout her. Sir Ra. Carr, Air.

Colt, Air. i\ [chains, Sir John Barker, Mr. Dryden, Sir Robert Colton, Mr. Cook, Colonel Titus, Mr. Bulklcy,

Air. Guyn, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Arnold,

Air. Bertie, Air Harvey, Mr. Foley, Sir Fra. Massam,

Mr. Lou ther, Mr. Bockland, Colonel Perry, Mr. Holt,

Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir JVm. Cooker; and all that serve for the Seaport Towns: And all that come are to have Voices:

And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

A Petition of Percival Brunskill Gentleman was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner, as an Attorney, was obliged to take the el'ta-blished Oaths of 39 Jac. I. which enjoined him to discover what he knew was done in Wrong to the Crown and People: Whereupon, in 1674, the Petitioner discovered many undue Practices in buying and selling of Offices, and proposed Remedies; which were agreed to be good Service, and worthy of Reward, as the Certificates of several learned Alen, to whom the Petitioner was referred, shew: That King Charles the Second did grant to the Petitioner, the Office of Surve yor-General of the Green-wax Fines; and aCommissioners Place in the Alienation-Office: But, by the Management of the then Judges, the Petitioner made little or no Advantage of his Preferments; and, after King Charles s Death, they wefefoon granted to others: That, since this Resolution, his Majesty hath signified, that the Petitioner should be restored to his Offices; yet others have been preferred thereto; and the Petitioner could never obtain a Hearing before his Majesty, nor any Relief for Payment of his Debts, contracted to make out his laid Discoveries: That the Petitioner was, upon a Hearing before the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in Sept 1690, directed to make his Application to the Parliament, as within the Petition of Rights, 3° Car.: That the Honour, Wealth, and Safety, of the Nation depends on Officers faithful Discharge of Oath and Duty: And the Petitioners Cafe, with the Report of the Committee's Resolutions thereon, 30 December 1600, were laid before this House; but no Relief was given the Petitioner, by reason of a Debate that arose upon a Resolution preceding: So the Petitioners same was adjourned; and, in the Interim, the House broke up: And praying the Consideration of the House; and such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Vo 1. XI.

A Petition of Edward Pauneefort was presented to the Punishing House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner is T. and informed, a Biii is brought into this House against his t>auncelort-Brother Tracy Pauneefort; to which Bill the Petitioner is made a Party concerned in the deducing a certain Sum of Aloney from Colonel Hastings' Regiment: And praying,

That he may be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, or otherwise, as to the House shall leem meet, before the Bill against him be proceeded upon.

Ordered, That the said Air. Eduard Pauneefort be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon his said Petition.

A Petition of the poor French Refugees was presented French to the House, and read; fitting forth, That their Condi- Refugees, tion is now' more deplorable than ever it was; their Number, which last Year was 3.300 Persons, being much increased, and the publick and private Charities almost wholly exhaulted: And praying, That their deplorable Condition may be taken into Consideration.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Afembers of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That his Majesty will be graciously plealed to take toe Cal e of the poor French Refugees into his princely Consideration, and vouchsafe them lbine Relief.

Ordered, That Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Complaint Steph. Fox, Mr. Fcx, tfr Ben}. Neuiund, Sir Hen. John- from Inb.i-son, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. Hutchinson, Air. liar-court, be added to the Committee, to whom the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the late Inhabitants of Tanger is referred.

Ordered, That ull Committees be revived. Committee.

4 G Resolved,

Supply Bill; Duties on Glass, <tc.

Seamens

Arrears.

Supply Bill; Duties on Coffee, &c.

Seamens

Protections.

Lords A nfwer to desire of Conference.

Clipping the Coin.

Duties on Paper, &c.

298 90 — 10° Aprilis. A. 1695-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France.

A Petition of many Seamen was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many thousand Seamen hav ing faithfully served in his Majesty's Ships of War, yet, by reason of Sickness, Lameness, or Death, or by being turned over to other Ships, they are made Run; to the Ruin of many Families: And several, who have petitioned for their Pay, when there has been 12 or 18 Months Pay due, have been unmercifully used; and their Certificates from the Seamens Commanders unjustly detained, when Application has been made for Relief: And praying the House to take their insupportable Grievances into Confi-d< ration; and to grant l'uch Relief, as the House shall think most meet.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen is committed.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Coti'ce, Tea, and Chocolate, and other Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned, for the Term of Three Years, for the Purposes therein expressed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho.Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said. Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That an humble Address he presented to his Majesty, by l'uch Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will pleal'e to give Directions to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, That they may grant Permissions and Protections for Seamen for the Coasting-Trade, and for Supply of Provisions for the City of London.

Mr. Boyle reported, That lie having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference, upon the Subject-inatter of the last Conference, the Lords answered, That they would return an Anl'wer by Mcliengers of their own.

Resolved, That this IIoulc will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Propofols for preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

The Iloule, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Act for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boxcycr took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boxtyer reported from the Committee, That they

bad considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to several Refactions; which they lmd directed him to report, when the House will pleule to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report he made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the IIoulc adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuni, 10* die 7° Gulielmi Tertii.

P R A Y E K S.

RD E R E D, That Mr. Bertie, Mr. Maxcdit, Mr. Freke, Mr. Christie, Mr. Bickerstaff, Mr. Frauen, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Improvement of the Freehold Eltytes of England; and the Encouragement of Trade; is committed.

A Petition of Tracy Paimcefo late Agent to Brigadier Hastings, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, The Petitioner is informed, there is a Bill depending in the House against him, for corrupt Practices, in withholding Money from the Officers of the Army: That the Petitioner never acted in any thing therein but by the Direction and Command of Brigadier Hastings, and the Consent of several other Officers: That he has given an Account of the Dispol'al of the said Money to the House, as far as he knows, of which he is ready to make Oath; and that he has many other lieafonsto offer against the Palling of the said Bill: And praying, That he may be heard by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, before the Bill against him do pal's.

Ordered, That the said Mr. be heard by his

Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon his Petition.

Mr. Boxtyer, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, who were to consider of the Act, made the last Session, for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto 5 the Resolutions agreed upon by the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Penalty of 500l. mentioned in the Act for laying several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, be reduced to 5 /.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Warrants granted by, or Recognizances taken before, any Juliiccs of the Peace, are not chargeable by the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Surrenders of Copyhold Estates, or Copies for l'uch El'tates, arc not chargeable by the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Certificate of Marriage for the Widow of any Seaman be charged with the Duty of 5 s.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this' Committee, That an Indemnity be granted, to all Perl'ons, from the Penalty of 500 t.for the time past

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Prices of all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, Ramped, he once, in every Year, set by the Lords Com-rnissioners of the Treasury.

Rcj'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Prices be Ramped upon the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, by the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act.

Rc/olxrd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That after the Rate of 6 /. per Cent, be allowed to all Persons bringing Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, to be stainpt for every Sum of 10/. and upwards, paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Allowance of C /. per Cent, be made to all Persons buying any Ramped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, of the Commissioners, or their Agents.

Resolveed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Admittances of any annual Officer, in any Corporation, or inferior Court, whole Office is under the Value of 1 o I. per Annum in Salary, Fees, or otherwise, be 17 not

Improvement of Free, hold Estates.

Puui filing T. and E. Paimcefort.

Duties on Paper, &c.

Free.

ittj.

[3

L

Kl

7 W. III.

io" Aprilts.

not chargeable with the Duty of 40 in the said Act mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Degree of Bachelor of Arts in the Uni v erities be not charged with the Duty of 405. for Registry or Entry of such Degree.

Resolve./, Tlmt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Act do not extend to lay any Duty on any Proceedings at Court-Martials, relating to common Soldiers.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Officers at Sea do pay only the feme Duty as Officers for Land-Service

Resolved, That. . is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Claui'e in the Act, for charging of Letters Patents, do not extend to charge Commissions of Rebellion, in Proccls.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Act do not extend to charge any Orders, Decrees, or Proceedings, before the Commissioners of Sewer3.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act do not extend to charge any Orders, Decrees, or Proceedings, in the Courts of Stannaries.

The laid RefoLutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the I Ioufe. 1

Ordered, 111 at a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Bouyer and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Commissioners of Accounts to determine Differences:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legat'd and Mr. Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Wolfofton*. this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Han-nak WoollustonWidow, and Jonathan her Son, an Infont,

to fell certain Lands and Tenements in tVarnford, in the County of Southampton, for Payment of Debts anti Legacies, according to the Will of Richard f Luo!last on Esquire, deceased: And also,

To the Amendments made by this House, to the Bill, Kirk'* intituled, An Act for felling the Estate of John Kirk, Estate. deceased, for Payment of his Debts. Also,

The Lords desire, That Sir Robe and Mr. Lords desire Maurice, Members of this House, may have Leave to Leave for appear, to declare their Knowledge in relation to a Grant 1V!,emje, Ii® of Lands from the City of London.attend them*

And then the Messengerfc withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given, That Sir Robert Clayton and Mr. Maurice do appear, at the Lords House, to declare their Knowledge, as the Lords do desire.

And the Meffietigers were called in again: And Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Thames A Petition of the Rulers and Overseers of the Company Watermen, of Watermen, of the River of Thames, in behalf of themselves, and others of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are obliged, by the Act of 2d and 3d of Philip and Mary, to be all registered, as now they are: Rut, by a Rill now depending in this House, for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, the Petitioners are compelled into a general Registry, upon Forfeiture of their . Livelihood, though Seamen are at Liberty to register themselves or not; anti Lightermen and Bargemen are not under any Regulation, nor comprehended within the said Bill; which it they were, it would be an additional Supply to the Navy, of several thousand able Seamen: And praying, That the Registry of their own Company may be continued; and that all Persons working upon the River of Thames may be incorporated with, and registered in, the Watermens Company.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Rill is committed.

Supply Will; Sir Thomas Liltleion, according to the Order of the Cupric sported, from the Committee of the whole House,

0 ft' c* to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and other Gloods and Merchandizes therein mentioned, for the Term of Three Years, for the Purposes therein expressed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qucition severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And foinc other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That any Officer of the Customs, duly employed on any extraordinary Service, not required by Law, may take fuel) Recompence as the Commissioners of the Cultoiris shall determine: ,

And the same was twice read; and, with some Amendments made by the House, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the I Joule to be made Part of the Bill.

Vol. XI.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Loirls have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Revtrfing reversing the Attainder of Jacob Leisler, and others: To Leiflfr'* which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Attain er.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Complaint being made to the House, the 28th of Privily of March last. That Mr. Samuel Layton, Curiitor for Lon- a Member in don and Middlesex, had made, and delivered out, a Writ a ^ult* of Error, in an Action of Ejectment in the County of York, in a Cause wherein the Honourable Bernard Gran-vill Esquire, a Member of this House, is Defendant, in Breach of the Privilege of this House; whereupon, the said Mr. Layton w as ordered to be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, to answer the said Breach of Privilege; and the House being informed. That Mr. Layton was taken into Custody, and lay in Custody some time, accordingly; but had made his Efeapc out of the Hands of the Serjeant, so that he cannot be brought to answer the said Breach of Privilege; and that the said Writ of Error is in the Hands of the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write his Letter to the Lord Chief Justice, and acquaint him, That this House hath adjudged, the making, and delivering out, the said Writ of Error, vfherein the said Mr. Gra/nill, a Member of this House, is concerned, to be a Breach of Privilege; and that all Proceedings be thereupon flopped.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Clipping- and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further counterieit-of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive in® om* Propofols for preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom, was read.

Rejotvedy That the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, which was committed to a select a Committee, be committed to the said Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power to consider of a Fund for the Encouragement of the Mint

Then the House resolved into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

Tnnagt

Duties.

Committees.

Compelling Craggs, &c. to account.

PuniHing T. and E. Pauncet'ort.

Reversing

Leister's

Attainder.

Boats carrying Coals.

3 00 10° — ix° A. 1695.

Mr. Godolphintook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Godolphinreported from the said Committee, That

they had come*to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morn-

ing.

Mr. Godolphin also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they ma'y have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for preventing the Clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom; and of the Bill to them committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do let this House know. That the Matter, Lords drflr.

on which the Lords intended to examine Sir Robert -Leave for ton, and Mr. Morrice, Members of this House, not coming attend them to be proceeded upon Yesterday, lo far as to require them to declare their Knowledge therein, their Lordships do desire, they may have Leave to appear again, on that Occasion, w hen desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Clayton and Mr. Morrice have Leave to appear, as the J^ords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again — And Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Clayton and Mr. Morrice Not to be do infill to be examined at a Committee of Lords, and examined at not at the Bar. lhe Bar*

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration the Motion made from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, passed the last Session for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, as it relates to the Isle of Wight, and Tow n and County of and the Town of Port [mouth, and to the Coalting-Trade;

and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto: And that afterwards, this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 11° die Aprilisi 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

TDESOL VE D, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Richard Hom to discover how lbnie of the Monies, relating to clothing the Army, have been disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery: And also lo consider of the Bill for punishing of Tracey and Eduard

Pauncejort for corrupt Practices, in with-holding Money from the Officers of the Army.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for revelling the Attainder of Jacob and others,

was read the l'irft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Boats in the Port of A err castle, and the Members thereunto belonging; and for the Encouragement of Navigation, by the Exportation of Coals from the lame; w'as read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Pr. 2. L. 13, to leave out " One," and insert " Three:'*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel-Boats in the Port of A eucast'e, and the Members thereunto belonging.

Ordered, That Mr. Christy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committe«».

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Mom- Railing the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole Militia. House, to consider of the Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1O95, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for repealing the Statute of the Second and T hird Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against Shooting of Hail-lhot.

An ingossed Bill for granting to his? Majesty certain supply Bill; Rates and Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and Dunes ou other Goods and Merchandize therein mentioned, for Lutiee, the Term of Three Years, for the Purposes therein expressed, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill,

Line last but one, to leave out " and Searcher," and insert "and" before "Comptroller:"

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, tow ards Satisfaction of the Debts due for the Transport- Service for the Reduction of Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Eiftimongers of London was presented Encourag-to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners Seam<-n. are informed, there is now before the House a Petition of tlfe Company of Eithermen of the River of pray-

ing, That they may he admitted to insert a Clai.fe in the Bill for the Encouragement and increase of Seamen, That the said Company may keep a Register of the l ifhermen, Dredgermen, and their Servants, within their own Limits:

That such a Cluufe will not only be very diladvantageous to the Fisherv, but a Means for feme few of the Eiflier-men to ingross great Quantities of Lilli; which will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, who employ great Numbers of Eithermen in their own Vessols, for the Supply of London and Westminster: And praying, That, in case such a Clause should be received, the House would be pleased to hear what the Petitioners have to allege again!! the fame.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Bowyer presented to the Iioule, according to Or- Dutjes ou

der, a Bill for explaining and regelating several Doubts, Paper, &c. Duties, and Penalties, in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper: And the same was received.

The Bill w as read the First time.

Resolved,

6rt

‘r

‘S to iJciC.

u

*-fiu

:‘n

ii

X;

irl

Clipping the Com.

Ditto.

7 W. III. 110 — 12° 3 o x

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Godolphin reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom was referred the Consideration of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Pro-proials for preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom; and to consider of a Fund for the Encouragement of the Mint; the Resolution agreed upon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed]; viz.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Fund be granted to his Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Mint.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proofed to be made thereto, by adding the le Words, " to make good the Deficiency of " the clipped Money of this Kingdom, by the new-coining thereof

And the Question being put, That those Words be added to the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree w'ith the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Fund be granted to his Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Mint.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itfclt into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider further of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for the preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom; and of the ingrafted Dill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Godolphin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gouolphin reported trom the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lime.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Godolphin also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rc/e/ved, i hat this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider iurther of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for the preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom; and of the said hill.

And then the Ilonfc adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Tomorrow at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the

Speakers Chambers.

A Bill for explaining and regulating several Doubts, Duties on Duties, and Penalties, in the late Act for granting several I>aPeF> Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bcruyer,

Sir Jona. Jennings, Mr. Waller, Mr. Frevccn, Mr. Bio-Jeild, Mr. Osborne, Sir John Barker, Sir Robert Cotton,

Sir Cha, Bloys, Mr. England, Sir Jof.Tredenham, Sir Jerv.

Elzces, Mr. Lutlerell, Sir Mat. Andrews, Mr. Christy,

Mr. Speke, Mr. Gxcyn, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Clark, Sir Fra.

Massam, Mr. Colt, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fen-wick, Mr. Buddy, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Ferry, Sir Wm,

Cooper, Mr. llarley, Mr. Arnold, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr,

Lm ther, Mr. Hautry, Mr. Mazvdit: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Frankhtn and Mr. Pitts:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a free Conference, as desired; Lords agree and do appoint it to be on Monday next, at Twelve a a Con~ Clock, in the Painted Chamber: Alio, erence.

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Supply Bill; granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Duties on Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors and ^larna&es> Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on C* the War against France, w ithout any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Henry Goodrich acquainted the House, That ac- Answer to cording to Order, he, and others of his Majesty's most Address. Honourable Privy-Council, had presented the Address, touching the French Refugees, to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was plealed graciously to answer, That he was desirous to have it complied with; and would direct the Lords of the Treasury to consider, and report to him, the Fund whereon to place that Charity.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Encourage-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole meat of House, to consider further of the Bill for the better En- 1>nvateers* couragcment of Privateers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ex- Exporting plain the Act for allowing a Bounty upon the Exportation Corn* of Coi n: And that Sir Sam. Barnardiston do prepare, and bring in, the*hill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That a Clause be brought into the Bill to prevent the re-landing of Corn.

Veneris, 12° die A prills;

7° Gulielnii Tertii.

Prayers.

Reverting A N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leister's ii. for revelling the Attainder of Jacob Leisler, and Attainder, others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Sir Henry Ashurst, Lord Cornhury, Mr. Clark, Mr. Holt, Sir Rowland Guynn, Sir Fra, Drake, Colonel Ferry, Sir Edward Pheaps, Sir Hen. Hubert, Mr, Osborne, Mr. Christie, Sir Jof, Tredenham, Sir Wnu Cooper, Mr. Brockman, Mr. Gerard, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Matih. Andrews, Mr. Colt, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Dry den, Mr. Bu/klty, Mr. Maxvdit, Sir Jona, Joinings, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Fraren, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Freke, Mr. May, Mr. Luttercll, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Waller, Mr. B/o/eild, Mr. England, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Ikdger, Mr. Blaithuaite, Mr. Harley, Lord Marquis Winton, Mr. Foley: And they are to meet Vox. XL

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Expiring Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, LaW8*

An Act for continuing, and making perpetual, several Law s therein mentioned:

And the same were read; and all of them, but one, which was dilligreed, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Mr. Perry reported from the Committee, to w horn the Assize Bill for the regulating, and better ascertaining, the Assize of Bread, of Bread, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Members Westminster-hall, and to the several Courts, and into the tommoned. Court of Requests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

4 H And

Clipping the Coin.

Answer to Address.

Supply Bill; Duties on Glass, &c.

Preventing Correspondence with France,

i2° — 13° A prills.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Godolphin, according to the Order of the Day, re-

ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom was referred the Consideration of the Repoi t fi om the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom; and to whom the ingossed ..... from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, was committed; the Reibiution of the said Committee; which he was directed to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rcfblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Fund to be granted to his Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Mint, be a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, for Payment of the Interest of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, until that Sum can be raised for supplying the Deficiency of the clipped Money of this Kingdom.

The said Rel'olution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Fund to be granted to his Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Mint, be a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Go,000 /. pet' Annum, for Payment of the Interest of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, until that Sum can be raised for supplying the Deficiency of the clipped Money of this Kingdom.

Refblved ^That it be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals for preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom, to consider of Ways mid Means for railin'* the said Fund. . 0

The Lord Ramlagh acquainted the House, That, according to Order, he, and others of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, had presented the Address to his Majesty, That he would plqaie to give Directions to the Commissioners of the Admiralty, that they may grant Permissions and Protections for Seamen for the Coaiiing-Trade, and for Supply of Provisions for the City of London , and that his Majesty was pleased to answer, That he will take all possible Care therein.

The Question being put, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, be now read;

The House divided.

A. 1695

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, |Mr'

[Mr. Bromley:

Tellers for the Noes lSir leliers lor the inocs,

So it palfed in the Negative.

}-9-

}S5.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbali, 13* die Aprilis;

70 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

IR be RED, That the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Devon, Berks,

trfolk, Dorset, York, Worcester, Suffolk, and be

ded to the Committee, to whom the Bill lor the better eventing Correspondence with France is committed.

Mr. Blofeild reported from the Committee, to whom African

it was referred to examine and consider the Charter of ompany. the African Company, and several Petitions relating to the Sale of Red-wood; and to report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House; That they had examined and considered the same accordingly; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is for the Interest of the Subjects of England, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, that the African Company should fell Red-Wood at publick Sales, in small Lots, not exceeding Five Ton in one Lot.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That it is for the Interest of the Subjects of England, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture, that the African Company should fell Red-wood at publick Sales, in small Lots, not exceeding Five Ton in one Lot.

Ordered, That the African Company's Charter be delivered back to the Company.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ditt0 w horn the Examination and Consideration of the Petition of the Royal African Company was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Amendments, made by the Committee, to whom Afl-ize the Bill for the regulating, and better al'certaining, the of Bread.

Assize of Bread,.....were once read throughout; and

then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the fame, with some Amendments, were agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, against Retailers of Bread, except such as have served Appreu-ticefiiips:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question, being put, That the Bill with the Amendments lie imirofied;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- v A'X-Xt, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Seamen1810^ House, to consider of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Allies Cook and Mr.

Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Their Lordships, having under their Consideration a j-0rds desire Bill, intituled, An Act to oblige Sir Thomas Cook to give that Sir an Account to whom he paid and distributed several Sums T. Cook may of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the altendlliem-Treasure of the East India Company, do desire, That Sir Thomas Cook, a Member of this House, and now in the Tower by Order of this House, may be permitted and ordered to appear at the Bar of the Lords, when desired:

And that this House would transmit to their Lordships such Papers, as are now before this House, relating to the Matter of the said Bill.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cook do attend the House of Lords, as the Lords do desire: And that Mr. Speaker do ifi'ue his Warrant accordingly.

Resolved, That as to the other Part of the said Mef-sacre, this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of

their own. ..... A . -»r

And the Messengers were called in again: And Air.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

licsolved. That such Paper, as are now before* this House, being original Warrants, relattng to the , 7,258A

i accou

;al2Vt

lorG5 2 kerce.

lllg

GoOoI(>

it

L

Duties on Paper, &c.

Compelling Craggs, &c. to account.

Punishing T. and E. Paunceiort

Lords agree to a Conference.

Supply Bill; Duties on Glass, &c*

Compelling Craggs, See. to account.

Punishing T.and E. Pauncefort.

7 w. in.

13 — 15

mentioned in the said Bill, be delivered to the Lords at a Conference: And that the Lords be acquainted, That the Warrant, on which the 90,000l. was issued, or the Receipt Sir Thomas Cook gave for the fame, are not before this House; but were seen in the East India Company's Books, by a Committee appointed by this House to inspect the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships last Mefl'age.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and regulating several Doubts, Duties, and Penalties, in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, is committed, have Power to receive Clauses, in relation to the Act, passed the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, for regulating the measuring the Tonage of Ships: And also, that the Duties for Coasting-Ships be paid and taken according to the Tonage of Goods laded only.

Resolved, That the Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Richard Homage to discover how some of the Monies, relating to cloalhing the Army, have been disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they thall not make such Discovery; and also the Bill for punishing of Tracy Pauncefort and Edward Pauncefort for corrupt Practices,

in with-holding Money from the Officers of the Army; be committed to one and the same Committee of the whole House.

Sir Henry Hobart reported. That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference, they do agree to a Conference immediately in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Chr. Mu [grave, Mr. Hopkins, Sir John Thompson, Sir Henry llobart, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

Brockman, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr. , Sir

Rich. Onslow, Mr. Mountagu e, Mr. Hut chin/on, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Gwyn, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Conference, That they had delivered the Warrants, and acquainted the Lords, as this House had directed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Richard -nage to discover how some of the Monies, relating to cloathing the Army, have been disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they Ihajl not make such Discovery; and also of the Bill for punishing of Tracy Pauncefort and Edward Pauncef ort for corrupt Practices, in with-holding Monies from the Officers of the Army; being read;

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 8°'

Tellers for the Nee, } 9»-

So it passed in the Negative.

Vo 1. XI.

t

Mr. Norres,

Mr. Datedfcell: /Mr. Bickcrstafl'e, /Sir John Barker:

} 106.

} 85.

Jprilis. 3°3

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and JVIr. Richard Homage to discover how some of the Monies, relating to cloathing the Army, have been disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery; and also of the Bill for punishing of Tracy Pauncefort and Edward for corrupt

Practices, in with-holding Monies from the Officers of the Army.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Propo-fals for the preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom; and to consider of the Bill, from the Lords, for preventing the counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of tins Kingdom; was read:

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to hear any Person they shall think necessary, relating to the Matter to them referred.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, according to the said Order.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scobell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scobell reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Scobell also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report and Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lima, 15° die Aprilis;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R Samuel Rarnardiston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain the Act, made in the First Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Com: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act requiring certain Persons to take the Oaths to his Majesty, be now read the Second time.

The Bill was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clark, Sir Tho. Clarges, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Henry

Hobart, Mr. Foley, Sir Cha. Bloys, Mr. Cook, Mr. Lut-terell, Mr. Colt, Mr. Bbfeild, Mr. Mmdit, Mr. Palmes,

Sir

Clipping

ibe Coin.

Committees.

Exporting

Corn.

Certain Persons to take Oaths.

3°4 150 — 16° A. 1695.

Sir John Holies, Mr. England, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Ra.

IJutton, Mr. Fa1 ler, Sir John Barker, Sir Tho. Vernon, Mr. Bale, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Mr.

Brockman. Sir Jof. Herne, Sir RowlandGuryn, Mr. Freeman, Sir J»f. Tredenham, Sir John Mr.

staffe, Mr. Bromlei/, Mr. Arnold, Sir Yong, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Bida'alp/i. Mr. Perry, Mr. Christy, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Sir ITm. Cooper, Mr. Han'try. Sir Richard Temple, Sir Jerv. Elwes, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Mr.

Dryden:And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Five a Clock in the After- noon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Preventing Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to WooT °l whom the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Penalty; and for the Preservation of the publick Market at and for

Relief of the Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages; he taken into Consideration upon JVcdnMorning next.

Raising the Militia.

Trvals for Treuibn.

Supply Bill; Duties on Gla.s, &c.

Clipping the Coin.

The Order of tire Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Rill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 169.5, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and for repealing the Statute of 2d and 3d Edward VI. intituled, An Act against Shooting of Ilail-shot; being read;

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, 'i hat they have Power to take into Consideration the repealing any other Statutes aguinlt Shooting in Iluil-lliot.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the find Rill.

Mr. Sjicaker left the Chair.

Sir Fdchard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Liehard Otisb/w reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Rill, and made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That the Committee, who prepared the Rc a-fons, to he olltivd to the Lords, touching the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Rill lor Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Mispriliou of Treason, do manage the free Conference, touching the said Amendments.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Boyle reported. That the Managers had attended

the said free Conference, and left the Rill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten a Clock, resolve iUelf into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Rill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, ami Culm, for carrying on the W ar against France.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Pro-polals for preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Encourage- Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-nient of next rcfu]ve itself into a Committee of the whole

Privateers. a 1

House, to consider further of the Rill for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

o

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue a Clock.

Mart is, 16° die A; 7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R Henry Ashurst reported from the Committee, to Reverting w hom the ingrofi'ed Rill, from the Lords, intituled, Leiflvr'sAt-An Act for reveriing the Attainder of Jacob Leister, and tuilllitr* others, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And ho delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir Thomas Vernon reported from the Committee, to Meufures and whom the Rill for enforcing, and making more effectual, i'rircs of the Laws for regulating the Meatflies and Prices of Coals, t'ouls' was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Rill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Yf here the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevcra'.ly put thereupon, agreed unto hv the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-coimnitted to the same Committee: And that they do meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Nicolas prjviie£e> Bland, John Shergohl, Robert Harris, and Per-

rier, had entered upon Part of the Lft.ite of Sir Charles Raleigh, a Member of this House, and digged down a Mill-dam therein, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.*

Mr. Bowyer reported from the Committee, to whom p,.ties on

the Rill for explaining and regulating several Doubts, Paper, &c. Duties, and Penalties, in the late Act for granting several:

Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Rill, and received several Clunfes, in relation to the Act, passed the last Session, for laying several Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, for regulating the meafiiring of the Tonage of Ships; and also, That the Duties for Coafiing-Ships may be paid and taken according to the T onage of Goods laded only; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gross'ed.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, reported, from p.ii;-ing lhe the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for Militia, railing the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1605, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; and also for repealing the Statute of 2 and 3 VI. intituled, An Act against Shooting of Ilail-shot, was committed; the Amendments made by the Committee

9 ( v

to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, ujron the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, with Blanks, to be added to the Bill, That the Receivers of the Trophy-money shall 15 account

w!r r:'

? n . frt, ic

V-fe

1

Vj.

Supply Rill; Put ips on Coffee, &c.

Pnn:fliing Mutiny and Desertion

Compelling

Crag^s, &c |o account.

Ponishing T. and E. Pauncefort.

African

Company.

Encouraging

Stamen.

Clipping the Coin*

Bill;

Pniie? on f left, &c.

7 w. in.

169 — 17* Aprilis.

3°5

Years last past; with a Blank

92.

oount for the same for for the Penalty:

And the same was twee read.

And the Question being put, That the first Blank be filled up with " Three

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}<"

Teller, for^N}

So it passed in the Negative.

Refotved, That the Blank be filled up with " Ten."

Resolved, That the other Blank be filled up with, " Forty Pounds."

Then the Question being put. That the Clause, lb amended, be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, lea. Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport-Service for the Reducing of Ireland: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing Two former Acts, for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or deiert his Majesty's Service; and for punching fa he Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer: Without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Richard Harnage to discover how feme of the Monies, relating to cloathing the Army, have been disposed of; ?nd for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Dilcovei y; and also of the Bill for punishing Tracy fort and Edward Pauncefort for corrupt Practices, in withholding Money from the Officers of the Army.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal African Company was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Lords deCre

Sir Robert Legard: ^*at, s'r-

n. c Cook be al-

Mr. Speaker, _ lowed

The Lords do desire, That this House would give spect his Leave, That Sir Thomas Cook, a Prisoner by Order of this Papers. House, may go, in Custody, to inspect his Papers, in order to a speedy Discovery in what manner the Sums of 77,258 L and 90,000 /. mentioned in the Bill, intituled.

An Act to oblige Sir Tho. Cook to give an Account to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned, to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company, were distributed.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cook have Leave to go, in Custody, to inspect his Papers, as the Lords do desire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker doiflue his Warrant, for Sir Thomas Cook to go, in Custody, for Two Days, to inspect his Paper.

And the Messengers being called in again, Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That the House had considered the Meffege; and had given Leave, That Sir Tho. Cook may go, in Custody, to inspect his Papers, as the Lords do desire.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 17* die Aprilis;

7* Gulielroi Tertii.

Praters.

A BILL to explain the Act, made in the First Year of Exporting the Reign of King William and Queen in- C°m-

tituled, An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Corn, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to SirShwi. Barnardiston, Mr. Bedingfetid, Mr. Cook, Sir Hen. Hobart,

Mr. Blofeild, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. , Sir Cha.

Bloys, Mr. Crauford, Mr. Roberts, Sir Jcrv. Elwes, Mr.

Arnold, Mr. JFuller, Mr. Norries, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Christy,

Mr. Machell, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Sir Robert

Cotton, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Barker, Mr.

Sir John Bolles: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to receive Propofols for preventing the clipping the Silver Coin of this Kingdom, be made Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stoncand Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, being read;

The Question was put, That Mr. Speaker leave the Chair:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

11 r u 17 fSir Robert Cotton,

Tellers for the Yeas,

rr ii, f .1 XT /Sir John Barker,

Tellevs for the Noes,|Sir

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House resolved itself into a Committee whole House, to consider further of the said Bill. Vox. XL

Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom it Regulating was referred to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Con- Primers and ference with the Lords, for disagreeing to an Amendment, ~,ng made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rt continuing, and making perpetual, several Laws therein mentioned, That they had prepared Reasons accordingly which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards ..... in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the'

House.; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Clause marked A; lft, Because it revives, and re-cnafts, a Law which in no-wife answered the End for which it was made; the Title and Preamble of that Act being to prevent printing seditious and treasonable Books, Pamphlets, and Papers:

But there is no Penalty appointed for Offenders therein; they being left to be punished at Common Law, as they may be without that Act; whereas there are great and grievous Penalties imposed by that Act for Matters wherein neither Church nor State is any ways concerned.

4I 2. Because

3o5

i 70 Apr

A. 1695.

Regulating 2. Because that A fits gives a Property in Rooks to Printer*and such Persons, as such Rooks are, or shall be, granted to Prefll"8 l'>' belters Patents, whether the Crown had, or shall

rt cs' have any Hi-1it to grant the fame, or not, at the time of

such Grant.

3. Rt cause that Afit prohibits printing any thing before Entry thereof in the Register of the Company of Stationers, except Proclamations, Afits of Parliament, and such Rooks as shall be appointed under the Sign Manual, or under the Hand of a principal Secretary of State; whereby both Houses of Parliament are disabled to order any thing to be printed; and the said Company are ini-powered to hinder the printing all innocent and useful Books; and have an Opportunity to enter a Title to themselves, and their Friends, for what belongs to, and is the Labour and Right of, others.

4. Because that Afit prohibits any Books to be imported, without special Licence, into any Port in

except London; by which Means the whole foreign 'Trade of Rooks is restrained to unless the Lord Arch-

bishop of Canterbury, or the Lord Bishop of London, shall, in Interruption of their more important Affairs in governing the Church, beltow their time gratis in looking over

- O

Catalogues of Rooks, and granting Licences; whereas, the Commons think, the other Ports of the Kingdom have as good Right as London to trade in Books, as well as other Merchandizes.

.5. Because that Afit leaves it in the Power either of the Company of Stationers, or of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and Bishop of Loto hinder any Books from being imported, even into the Port of London; for if one or more of the Company of Stationers will not come to the Custom-house, or that those Reverend Bishops shall not appoint any learned Man to go thither, and he present at the onening and viewing Books imported, the Custom-lioule Orticer is obliged to detain them.

6. B' cause that Afit appoints no Time wherein the

Archbishop or Bishop of , shall appoint a learned

Klan, or that one or more of the Company of Stationers shall goto the Custom-house to view imported Books; so that they or either of them, may delay it till the Importer may be undone, by having so great a Part of his Stock lie dead; or the Books, if wet, may rot and perish.

7. Because that Afit prohibits any Custom-house Officer, under the Penalty of losing his Office, to open any Pacquet wherein are Books, until some or one of the Company of Stationers, and such learned Man, as shall be so appointed, are present: Which is impracticable; sincehe cannot know there are Books, until he has opened the Pacquet.

8. Because that Afit confirms all Patents of Books granted, and to be granted; w hereby the foie Printing of all, or most of, the ('laHick Authors are, and have been for many Years palt, together with a great Number of the belt Books, and of most general Ule, monopolized by the Company of Stationers; and prohibits the importing any such Books from beyond Sea; whereby the Scholars in this Kingdom are forced not only to buy them at the extravagant Price they demand, but must be content with their ill and incorrefit Editions; and cannot have the more correfit Copies, which are publillied abroad, nor the useful Notes of Foreigners, or other learned Men, upon them.

Q. Because that Act prohibits any thing to be printed till licensed; and yet does not direfit what shall be taken by the Licenser for such Licence; by colour whereof great Oppression may be, and has been, prafitifed.

10. Because that Afit restrains Men bred up in the Trade of Printing, and Founding of Letters, from exercising their Trade, even in an innocent and inoffensive Way, though they are Freemen of the Company of Stationers, either as Matters or Journeymen; the 1N umber of Workmen, in each of those Trades, being limited by that Afit.

11. Because that Afit compels Matter-Printers to take Journeymen into their Service, though they have no Work or Employment for them.

12. Because that Afit restrains all Men, who are not Sic Orig.

licensed by the Bishop, from felling innocent and inoffensive Books, though never so useful, in any Part of land, except Freemen of the Company of Stationers, who may fell without such Licence; so that neither Church nor State is taken care of thereby; but the People compelled to buy their Freedom of Trade in all Parts of England from the Company of Stationers in London.

13. Because that Afit prohibits any one not only to print Books, whereof another has entered a Claim of Property in the Register of the Company of Stationers, but to bind, stitch, or put them to Sale; and that under a great pecuniary Penalty; though it is impossible for a Bookbinder, Stitcher, or Seller, to know whether the Book brought to him, w ere printed by the Proprietor or another.

14 Because that Afit prohibits Smiths to make any Ironwork for any Printing-Prels, without giving Notice to . Company of Stationers, under the Penalty of 5 /.; whereas he may not know to what Ufa the Iron bespoke of him, and forged by him, may be put.

1.5. Because that Afit prohibits printing and importing not only heretical, (editions, and schismatical Books, but all oftcufive Books; and dot!) not determine what shall be adjudged offensive Books: So that, wit!tout Doubt, if the late King Janies had continued in the Throne till this time, Books against Popery w ould not have been deemed olfenlive Looks.

lb. Because that Afit subjefits all Mens Houses, as well Peers as Commoners, to be learched at any time, either by Day or Night, by a Warrant under the Sign Manual, or under the Hand of one of {he Secretaries of State, directed to any Mefilnger, if such Messenger shall, upon probable Rcaion, liifpefit, that there are any unli-cenled Books there; and the Houses of all Persons free of the Company of Stationers are subjefit to the like Search, on a Warrant from the Matter and Wardens of the said Company, or any one of them,

17. Because the Penalties for Offences against that Afit are excessive; it being in the Power of the .1 udg s, or Just iocs of the Peace, to iullifir. what Punishmeul they please, not extending to Life or Member.

Lalily, There is a Provilb in that Afit for John St renter.

That he may print what he pleal'es, as if the Afit nad never been made; when the Commons fee no Caule to distin-guith him from the rest of the Subj<_fits of England.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to desire a Contcrenee upon the Subjefit mutter of the Amendments made by them to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Air. Clark do carry the said Aleffage.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committw*.

A Motion being made, for the Re-commitment of the Reverf.ng ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for re-- I-eitlers veriing the Attainder id Jacob Leister, and others; Attainder,

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And that Air. lllatlncilit, Lord Lord Marquis Winton, Mr. Bridges, be added to the said Committee.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining and regulating several Duties o« Doubts, Duties, and Penalties, in the late Act for granting Paper, several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was read the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill,

That the Vessels trading from one Member to another of the Port of Southampton shall not pay the Duty of Tonage:

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It pulled in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Afil for explaining and regulating several Doubts,

Duties, and Penalties, in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for

ascertaining

-; i>

i.l,i

, Jui — 1

Vlf.

7 W. III.

17" Apr

307

Boats carrying Coals.

Indemnifying Sir T. Cook.

DiUt.

Compelling Sir 1. Cook to account.

Motion for gelling Mr. ony.

ascertaiDing the Admeasurement of the Tonage of Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Bmvyerdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Mr.

Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Admeasureiuent of Keels and Keel-Boats in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereunto belonging, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have pafi'ed a Bill, intituled, An Act to in* demnify Sir Thomas Cook from Actions, which he might be liable to, by reatbn of his discovering to whom he paid and diliributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treafitre of the Company; or for any Prosecution for such Distribution: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to indem* nify Sir Thomas Cook from Actions, which he might be liable to, by reason of his discovering to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company; or for any Prosecution for such Distribution; was read the First time.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, sent from this Ho life, intituled,

An Act to oblige Sir Thomas Cook to give an Account to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Musgrtrce do carry the find Message.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Henry Guy Esquire, a Member of this House,

Sir Christopher Musgtaxe reported, that he had been Mefliige to at the Lords, as the House had directed. Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. James Craggand Mr. Richard Compelling Homage be heard at the Bar of this House, upon their Petition, upon Friday Morning next, before the Report of the said Bill against them be taken.

Ot'dered, That Mr. Tracy Pauncefort and Mr. Edward Punching Pauucefort be heard at the Bar of this House, upon their pau^"g^t Petition, upon Friday Morning next, before the Report of the said Bill against them be taken.

tiuuc fitting.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Lords desire Mr. Hoi ford: House to con-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire this House to continue to fit some time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

To which the House agreed.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mn Speaker acquainted them therewith*

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom Raising tho for the Year 1695, although the Month's Pay, formerly Militia, advanced, be not repaid; and for repealing the Statute of 2d and 3d Eazv. VI. intituled, An Act against shooting in Hail-shot; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1693; and for repealing the Statute of the 2d and"

3d Year of King Eduard the Sixth, intituled, An Act against shooting in Ilail-shot.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Preventing Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Export of better preventing the Exportation of Wool, by altering the Wool. Penalty; and for the Preservation of the publick Market at IVaciai ell-hall \ and for Relief of the Workmen employed

for taking a Bribe of Two hundred Guineas, be expelled i*1 the W oollen Manufactures, in Payment of their Wages;

this House;

The previous Question was put* That that Question be put.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, l}?Snson' 66.

/Mr. Hutchinson, [Mr. Clark:

Tellers for the Noes /^r‘ ellers for the x\ oes, j Mr Bickerstaff:

So it passed in the Negative.

103.

Supply Bill; Duties on Glass, &c.

Compelling Craggs, *c. to account.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glal's Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning,

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, tocon-fider of the Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Richard Harnage to discover how some of the Monies, re-

was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and some of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at five of the Cioek, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Indemnifying Mr. Halford: SirT.cJok.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords dtfire a present Conference with this House, upon Matters relating Jo Sir Thom. Cooke.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

To which the Iloule agreed.

And the Messengers were called in

again

And Mr.

Punishing T. and Pauncefort

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Mu.graxe, Sir Hobart,

Mr. Mr. Mr. Foley, Mr.

Sir Herbert Crofts, Sir Rowland G laiing to Cloathing the Army, have been disposed of; and Mr. Harley, Sir Lord Marquis Sir

e. :/l: i: *1 — . ji-~h — — r-~l- r';r Wait. Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Clark,

Sir Jos. Colonel Perry, do manage the said

Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned:

Sir reported, That the Managers

had met the Lords at the Conference: And that the Karl

for punching them, in case they shall not make such Discovery; and also of the Bill forpunithing Mr. fort and Mr. Edward Pauncefort for corrupt Practices, in with-holding Money from the Officers of the Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gwyn took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Rowland Guyn reported from the said Committee, of Rochester managed the lame; and acquainted them, That

That they had gone through both the said Bills, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

Vol. XI.

ting

the Lordshad desired this Conference upon Matters reU to Sir Thom.Cooke, for the preserving of a good Correspond-

ence, which was always to be preferred, and so necessary, between both Houses: And that they, having received a Message from the House of Commons, to put them in mind of a Bill, sent up from that House, relating to Sir

Thomas

1

Il

yL

I.

Lud^ershall

Election.

PrWilege.

17° — 18° Aprilis. 1695.

Thomas Cook, have desired this Conference, to acquaint them, That they have so far proceeded upon that Bill, as that it wants only a Third Reading to pass their House, without any Alteration: But that having Occasion, in the Progress of it, to observe, that Sir Tho. Cooke was willing to make a full and immediate Discovery of his wholeKnow-lege relating to that Matter; and the Lords conceiving it to be the desire and Intention of both Houses, to take the most proper Ways of arriving at a speedy and effectual Discovery of the Truth; have prepared a Bill, and sent it down to the House of Commons, to give such an immediate Indemnity to Sir Thomas Cook, as he himself desired, on his making a full and clear Discovery of his Distribution of the several Sums of Money mentioned in the said Bill; which he undertook to do, upon Oath, on or before the 23th of this Instant April: And the Lords, being of Opinion, that so immediate a Discovery of this important Matter, as may probably be attaiued by the Bill lent down by their Lordships, will be more to the Satisfaction of both Houses, and the whole Kingdom, than a Discovery at so remote a time, as is allowed for it in the Bill sent up by the House of Commons, when probably the Parliament may not be fitting, were desirous to communicate to the House of Commons the true Ground and Motives of their Lordships proceeding in this Method; not doubting but it will meet with the Approbation of the House, when the Rea-fons of it shall be fully explained to them.

And their Lordships have further directed us to observe to you, That, by the Bill sent down to the Commons, Sir Tho. Cook will be obliged to make this Discovery, while he is yet under the Confinement of that House; whereas he may be at Liberty before the time allow ed by the other Bill for that Discovery, and may have an Opportunity to remove himself, and all his Effects, and so escape the Punishment designed for him: And, as for any Discovery he shall make to their Lordships, in pursuance of the Bill sent down by them, it is their Intention to communicate it immediately to the House of Commons.

Resolved, That this House will proceed in the further Consideration of the said Report Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 18* die Aprilis',

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Boyle reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That there is no Prosecution of the Petition of Thomas Neal Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of JohnJVebb Esquire to serve for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts:

And the Matter of the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed against Colonel , a Member of this House, by Benjamin Becket, in arresting one Jonathan Easden: the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

That the Committee have examined the Matter of the Complaint against Benjamin Becket, a Bailiff to the Sheriff of Middlesex, for arresting Jonathan alleged to be a menial Servant of Colonel Perry, a Member of this House; and for carrying him Prisoner to Newgate; in Breach of the Privilege of this House.

And, first, Benjamin Becket, being acquainted with what he was charged; and asked what he had to say to it; denied that he had any Notice, that the said Easden was a Servant to Colonel Perry, till lie had arrested him; which was upon an Outlawry, for not appearing to answer an Indictment: But said, That the said Easden, after he was arrested, did produce to him a written Protection* which he 17

thought was out of Doors: But however, he did then take his Word for reversing the said Outlawry; which h« neglecting to do, he afterwards met him again, and carried him to Newgate.

And the said Benjamin Becket being further asked. If he had charged him with any other Action ? he denied that he had so done.

Jonathan Easden, being examined, said, He had been a Servant to Colonel Perry for about Three Years, at 61. i o s.per Annum Wages, and had actually received of him 17/. for Wages: That his Business waste wait on Colonel Perry, and often attended him to this House: That he had often carried home Money for the Colonel, cleaned his Shoes, and did whatever he commanded him: That he lay at Colonel Perry's most commonly, but his Family was in Lodgings in Weld Close: But con felled, That, in February was 12 Months, he was carried to Newgate, being fined for Barretry, and lay by it about Six Months: That, when he was arrested, he did shew Becket a Protection from Colonel Perry; but the said Becket rel'used to deliver him.

And the said Easden produced Two Papers, under the Hand and Seal of Colonel Perry; by which Colonel Peny did certify, That the said Easden was his menial Servant, and therefore forewarned all Persons not to arrest him.

.Robert Scudder laid, He had several times leen Easden attending Colonel Peiry at the Coffee-house.

Robert Akers said, Colonel Peiry sent him to s

to demand Easden, as the Colonel's Servant; but Becket w'ould not deliver him: That he believed Easden lay at Colonel Perrys; for that Easden had often asked him, being a Neighbour to Weld Close, How his Wife did; and told him, That he lay at Colonel Perrys.

Mary Thormtgood, being examined, said, She carried

the Outlawry to Becket, having prosecuted Easden upon an Indictment for Extortion; for that Easden had formerly caused her to be indicted for keeping a disorderly House, and afterwards had took of her 4/. not to prosecute, and a Bond for (i/. more.

Mary Churchill said, That Easden had extorted Money from her upon the said Account.

Thomas King said. He had known Easden Three Years.

And it appeared by his Evidence, and the Evidence of Thorou'goodand Churchill, before examined, That the said Easden, for Three Years'last past, had made it very much his Business to go about to discover Whores, and to proj fecute them.

And that the Committee, upon the whole Matter, came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Benjamin Becket is not guilty of a Breach of Privilege in arresting Jonathan Easden.

The said Resolution being read & Second time;

Rejbhcd, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Benjamin Becket is not guilty of a Bread) of Privilege in arresting Jonathan Easden.

A Petition of divers of his Majesty's Subjects, on behalf Pr«ventiDg of themselves, and many other Citizens and Inhabitants of counterfeit-the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, that a Report hath been made to the

House from the Committee appointed to receive Proposals, how to prevent Clipping the Coin of this Kingdom: That the Petitioners lie under very great Hardships, under the Calamity of the clipped and counterfeit Money now current among them; which, unless some speedy Relief be given, will not only be the Ruin of the Petitioners, whole Calli, in a great measure, is such Money; but also, the Life and Substanoe of Trade in general is in great Danger of being put to a Stand: And praying, That some speedy Course may be taken to prevent the growing Inconveniencies of the clipped and counterfeit Coin.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolvq itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled.

An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin

of this Kingdom.

Ordered,

1'Tfr‘c;

thj

vj. r 1

.A.4C.

Gold, &c. exported.

Conference with Lords.

Ke*erf!ng

Leifltrs

Atuiader.

Proportion of War Charges.

Supply Bill; Duties on £lafs} &c.

Encouragement of Privateers.

Indemnifying Sir T. Cooke.

7 W. III. i 8 — r 9" 3 °9

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Jay before this Hoofe an Account of the Entries at the Custom-house of all Gold and Silver exported for Twelve Months last past; and in whole Names entered.

Mr. Clark reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making perpetual, several Laws therein mentioned, the Lords do agree to a Conference immediately in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who prepared the Rea-lons to be offered at the Conference, do manage the Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Clark reported, That they had attended the Conference; and given the Reasons for disagreeing with the Lords in one of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to tire said Bill j and left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reversing the Attainder of Jacob Leister, and others, is committed, have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That his Majesty in his great Wifilom w ill please to take care, for the future, that this Kingdom he put upon an equal Foot and Proportion with the Allies in bearing the Charge in the present War.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glals Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

o

The House, according to the Order of the Day, took into further Consideration the Report of the Conference Yesterday with the Lords:

Revived, That the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to indemnify Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions, which he might be liable to, by reason of his discovering to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company; or for any Prosecution for l'uch Distribution; be now read a Second thne.

The Bill was read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

fMr. Palms,

'[Mr.

\ ,

50-

Tellers for the Yeas,-j

, r x- [Sir Ja.

Tellers for the N oes, \Mx. Arnold

So it was vefolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Vol. XI.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bridges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Mr. Bridges reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made feme Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 19* die A; 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Brockman, Mr. Sir Committee

Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Lowther, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. 01 Privilege* Colt, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

A Petition of several Inn-holders, and other publick Abuse* in Housekeepers, in Kingston upon Hull, in behalf of them- Qu:irtenn8 selves, and the rest of the publick Housekeepers there, roop*‘ v as presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That in January 1C93, the then Mayor of the said Town did billet on the Petitioners Eight Companies of Soldiers, then in that Garifen; but, upon Complaint made to the Mayor, he promised, That the Soldiers should return to their former Quarters, upon the Petitioners paying the n: One Week's Subsistence; which was to be reimbursed the Petitioners as soon as Money arrived to pay the Soldiers: And accordingly the Inhabitants paid them about 80/.; but have not since received One Peny of it:

That in January 1694, the then Mayor, Henry informed the Petitioners, That he had contracted with Mr. H illiam St.Quintal to exempt the Town from quar-

tering Soldiers, for 100l. for a Twelve Month; and, unless the Petitioners would raise that Sum, he would billet the Soldiers upon them: whereupon they raised 80/. which was paid to the said Mayor; but, by reason of the People's Poverty, could raise no more: That the Petitioners were adviled the same was illegally exacted from them, and demanded Refikution of the said Mayor, who promised lb to do, but afterwards denied it; so feat the Petitioners are in Disburse about 160/. besides their Charges:

to London on this Occasion, being 7 in Town; which will colt about 40/. more: And praying the House to take their Grievances into Consideration, and give them l'uch Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Examination and Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. O/horne, Mr. Bickerstaffe,

Mr. JValler, Sir Rich. Onsleno, Mr. Cook, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Lutterell, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Palmes, Sir Cha.

Bloys, Mr. Bediugfeild, Sir Henry Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Colt, Mr. Ash, Mr. Foley, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr.

Louther, Sir S. Barnardiston, Mr. Smith, Sir Hen.

Hobart, Mr. Christy, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Sir Jen'. Elwes, Sir Era. Mr. Stone-house; and all that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Expiring Sir John Hoskins: Law*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed, That the Clause A, added by their Lordlliips to fee Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing, and making perpetual, several Laws therein mentioned, be left out of the said Bill.

4 K Mr.

3io i9® — 20*

Indemnifying Mr. Bridges, according to Order of the Day, re-SirT. Cook, ported, from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to indemnify Sir Thomas Cook from Actions, which he might be liable unto, by reason of his Discovery to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company; or for any Prosecution for such Distribution; was committed; the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment was made by the House: And are as follow; viz.

Pr. l. L. 30. after "true," insert "and full."

L. 31. Leave out " at the Bar of the House of Lords,"

and insert " before a Committee of the Lords and Commons, to be appointed by each House for that Purpose; which Oath the said Committee are hereby impowered to administer."

At the End of the Bill add Clause A. That a Report of the Confession shall be forthwith laid before each House in Writing.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That in case Sir Thomas Cook shall not make a full Discovery, as the Act requires, he shall remain a Prisoner in the Tower till he has made his Confession to the Commissioners of Accounts; who are to report the same to both Houses under their Hands and Seals:

And the same was twice read, and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, so amended, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Supply Bill; A. Motion being made, and the Question being put, Duties oh That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, Glass, &c. to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, was committed, be now taken;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for to Yea,} 6c,

Teller, for the Noe,.{|[ }

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the said Report be taken on Wednesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers forte Yeas, } 47.

Tellers for the Noes)'02'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report be not taken before Twelve a Clock.

Indemnifying Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti-Sir T. Cooke, tilled, An Act to indemnify Sir Thom. Cooke from Actions, which he might be liable to, by reason of his Discovery to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company; or for any Prosecution for such Distribution; be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordlliips Concurrence.

Compelling Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Craggs, &c. whole House, to whom the Bill to oblige Mr. James * account. Craggs and Mr. Richard Homage to discover how some of the Mouies, relating to cloathing the Army, have been

Aprilis. A. 1695.

disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery; and also the Bill for punishing Pumihing of Mr. Tracy Pauncefort and Mr. Edward P ounce fort for

corrupt Practices, in with-holding Money from the Gffi- ,iUnce 0 cers of the Army; were committed; be made upon Jfon-day Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Mr. James Craggs and Mr.

Richard Homage be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon their Petition, before the Report of the Bill against them be taken.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Tracy Pauncefort and Mr.

Edward Pauncefort be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon their Petitions, before the Report of the Bill against them be taken.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Preventing solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coiinterteti-consider of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, , D8 Co"*

An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Scobelltook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Scobell reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir ilTiles Cooke and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Prohibiting declaring the Commencement of an Act, intituled, An commerce Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and with Franc®, Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers, to be, from the Time that it passed the Royal Assent; to wit, on the 14th Day of March 1692: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Indemnifying this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify SirT. Cook, Sir Thomas Cook from Actions, which he might be liable to, by reason of his Discovery to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East-Lulia Company; or for any Prosecution for such Distribution.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Comnmtwi.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 20* die;

7* Gulielrai Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee appointed to draw procee<1-up the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the on late late Election of the Speaker, be revived: And that they do Kleflion of fit de die in diem; and have Power to make the Entry sP*£ker-thereof in the Journal.

Sir Robert Clayton, from the Commissioners of the Gold, Ac. Customs, presented to the House, according to Order, exported, an Account of the Entries at the Custom-house of the Gold and Silver exported for Twelve Months laltpaft; and in whole Name entered:

And the Title of it was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, is committed.

Mr

r

l

"i

L

ci-irr.

"*1

-4

3

rat

has

lf3

7W.nl 20° JpriUs.

3"

Buying and Mr. Arnold reported frorii the Committee, to whom the

Examination and Consideration of the Petition of Per- r/ra// Brunskell Gentleman was referred, That they had examined and considered the Matter of the said Petition; and had come to several Resolutions thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the said Mr. Brunskell did, in the Year 1674, discover how the Crown was wronged, and the Subject; oppressed, by many undue Practices, proceeding from buying and selling Offices; and proposed how to remedy the fame: And his Discovery, and Proposals, were agreed to be good Service, and worthy of Reward.

It likewise appeared to the Committee, That^his late Majesty King Charles the lid did grant to hirn the Office of Surveyor-General of the Green-wax Fines, and a Commissioner in the Alienation-Office; but he was soon turned out of those Places, and received little Salary during his Continuance therein:

That the said Mr. Brunskell, by making and prosecuting the said Discoveries, hath loft his Practice (being an Attorney); hath Ipent his Estate, and contracted great Debts; and hath been a very great Sufferer, ever since such > his Discoveries, for such Discoveries:

That, upon this Resolution, his present Majesty, being graciously inclined to restore him to his said Offices, referred his same to the Consideration of the Barons of the Exchequer; who reported him a Person every w ay qualified and deserving the said Offices; whereupon his Majesty graciously promised to restore him to his said Places, as appeared to the Committee by a Certificate under the Hand of his Grace the Duke of Bolton.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee thought lit to come to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Mr. Brunskell's Services and Sufferings are worthy of the Consideration of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, Timt an hurfible Address be made to his Majesty, That he would be graciously pleased to take into his princely Consideration the Services and Sufferings of the said Mr. Brunskell, and reward the fame.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Prohibiting An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Commerce for declaring the Commencement of an Act, intituled, with France. An Act for confoUjing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers, to be, from the Time that it passed the Royal Assent; to wit, on the 14th Day of March 1692; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Petition of the Inn-keepers and Victuallers in the City of Coventry, and County of the same; and allb upon several Petitions and Complaints touching the Irish Arrears, due to the Army; That considerable Parts thereof were paid to the Colonels, and other Officers, of the Army.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will be pleated to give such effectual Directions, That the Colonels, and other Officers, of the Army, employed for the Reduction of Ireland, may speedily account with, and l'atisfy, their inferior Officers and Soldiers, as far as they have received Money from his Majesty.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers, w as read:

Resolved, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chaii*.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Harcourt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Alorning next, after Eleven a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Holford and Air. Pitt:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present free Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last free Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

To which the House agreed.

And the Mclfengers were called in again: And Air. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Alanagers w'lio managed the last free Conference, do manage this free Conference.

And they went to the free Conference.

And, being returned;

Air. Boyle reported, That they had met the Lords at the free Conference: And that it was opened by the Duke of Bolton; w ho acquainted them, That the Lords do agree, That the Words in the Bill, after the Word " notwithstanding,:" in the Second Skin, 22 Line, to the Word " that," in the 35 Line, do hand.

And, after the Word " committed," in the 35 Line, the Lords add these Words following; " Except the " Trealbn or Offence do conlift in endeavouring or attempting to do any Hurt, Violence, or Alifchief, to the " Person of the King."

3 Skin, 8 L. The Lords adhere to the Clause B.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Alorning next

A ArefTage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Air. Holford:

Air. Speaker,

lUifnig tli» The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Militia. for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five; and for repealing of the Statute, of the Third and Fourth Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against Shooting in Hail-lhot:

Datieion And also, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining

Paper, Ice. ancj re<rU]ating several Doubts, Duties, and Penalties, in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and for ascertaining the Adrnea-lurement of the Tonage of Ships; without any Amendments.

And then the Afeffengers withdrew.

Quartering Air Harley reported, from the Commissioners for taking

dler8, and Hating the publick Accounts, the Alatter, upon the VOL.XI.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. IScobell took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Scobell reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Alorning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Irish Arman*

Encouragement of Privateers*

Conference with Lords.

Preventing counterfeiting Coin.

Stage Coach Licence.

fteverfing

Leiflers

Attainder.

Encouragement of Privateers.

Prohibiting Commerce with France.

Supply Bill; Duties on Glass, &c.

Preventing counterfeiting Coin.

312 22°

Luna, 22*die Ap;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of Henry Ashurst and Walter Overbury Esquires, Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney and Stage Coaches, was p re fen ted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, by virtue of an Act of Parliament for that Purpose, are impowered to license Stage Coaches for One Year, and no longer, referring 8 /. per Ann. to his Majesty during the Continuance of the said Act; and that, in cal'e any Cotn-Ynifiioner shall grant any Licence contrary to the Directions of the Act, he ilia.ll forfeit 100l.: And it being doubtful whether Stage Coachmen should renew their Licences from Year to Year, the Petitioners pray the Explanation of the said Act touching that Matter.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause, into the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, for explaining the said Act, in relation to Stage Coaches: And that Mr. Serjeant Blinco do prepare, and bring in, the Clause.

Ordered, That all that come to the Committee, to whom the ingroft'ed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reversing the Attainder of Jacob Leister, and others, is re-committed, have Voices.

Mr. Harcourt, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of Privateers was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration "To-morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for declaring the Commencement of an Act, intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with and for the

Encouragement of Privateers, to be, from the Time that it passed the Royal Asse lit; to wit, on the 14th Day of March, 1692; be read a Second time To-inorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a-Clause, to the Bill for granting to his Majesty, certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, for the Encouragement of the Trade of making Luftring-Silks and Alamodes.

Mr. Seobell, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time; one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press \. L. 18. leave out from "exchanged" to " Provided," L. 35; and insert " lend, fell, borrow' or " buy, receive or pay, any broad Silver Money, or Silver " Money unclipped, of the Coin of this Kingdom, for more " in Tale, Benefit, Profit, or Advantage, than the same " was coined for, and ought by Law to go for, be lent,

" fold for, borrowed or bought, received or p i id, shall " forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Twenty Shillings, that shall be so exchanged, lent, fold, borrowed " or bought, received or paid; and so in proportion for 16

Aprilis. ' 1695.

" any greater or lesser Sum; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Person who shall " sue or inform for the fame; to be recovered, with Costs " of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Privilege, Protection, or Wager of " Law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Impair " lance."

And leave out all to '* And be it," Pr. 5. L. 16.

Pr. 5. L. 23. leave out "liifftr Imprisonment," and insert " forfeit the Silver so cast, and also the Sum of " 5001.; one Moiety to his Majesty, and the other to " the Informer; to be recovered with Costs of Suit."

L. 28. leave out " willingly," and insert " knowingly." L. 30. after " Offence," insert " forfeit the said Clippings or Filings, and also the Sum of 500l.; one " Moiety to his Majesty, and the other to the Informer; ‘£ to be recovered as aforesaid; and shall lie also branded, " in the Right Cheek, with a hot Iron, with the letter R; "and until Payment of the said 500l. shall;' and leave out " as aforesaid."

From L. 30. leave out all to " And be it," in L. the last of that Press.

Press 7. L. 24. leave out " as aforesaid," and insert " for Six Months, without Bail or Mainprize."

At the End of the Bill, add Clauses A and B.

Clause A: That in same any Person shall, after the First Day of May 169.5, apprehend any Clipper, and prosecute

such Clipper to Conviction, the Sheriff of the County where such Conviction shall be made shall pay to the Profecator 40/. without any Fee for the fame.

Clause B: That the Sheriffs, upon producing the Receipts for the Money by them paid in pursuance of the Act, shall be allowed the same upon their accounting with his Majesty.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That if any Clipper, or counterfeit Coiner, shall discover Two or more Offenders, fb as they be convicted of the fame, such Discoverer shall have his Majesty's Pardon for all Crimes

committed before such Discovery;

# 7

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for Money to be marked:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Mr. Cragg's, That the Counsel for Mr. Craggs and Mr. Ha mage. be Counsel. called in:

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Duties on Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Glass»&c* Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

Table: where the same were once read throughout; and then several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, to leave out, " in order to be shipped," being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^'ir Richard Onsloic,

leiiers lor me ieas,^[r Chadwick

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The relt of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause,

.} ~9‘ } 72-

1

El,

OB

ic.

I 7W.III. 2 313

A Clause, with Blanks, was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing Time for Payment of the Duties imposed by the Act, and a Drawback at 10/. per Cent, in case of prompt Payment:

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, l'o amended, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause, with Blanks, was offered to be added to the Bill, for appropriating the Monies, arising by the Act, to the Use of the Navy and Army

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, so amended, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause, was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Directions and Penalties mentioned in the Act, made in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to their Majesties an Aid of in the Pound for One Year, in case of misapplying the Monies thereby appropriated, shall be executed, concerning the Monies appropriated by this Act:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Metage of all Coals or Culm shall be taken by the sworn Coal-meters of every Place, if any, who shall account, upon Oath, for the fame:

And the Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks for the Penalties, That no Person shall buy, or fell, or export, any black Alamodes or Lultrings, unless they have the Custom-house Seal for foreign Goods, or the Mark of the Lultring Company, as Goods wrought by them:

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And the Clause, so amended, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, for a Duty to be paid for Coals at Navcastle:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause, with Blanks, was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Licences for Stage Coaches, granted by the Commissioners for that Purpose, for any longer time than One Year, shall be void:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up;

And the Clause, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-gr.olled.

ftoyal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetxcood -w Bills. Pei </, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

'The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

A.ccordiugly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty:

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleated to give the Royal Aifent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for enabling such Persons as have Estates for Life iu Annuities payable by several former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further, or more certain, Interests in such Annuities; and, in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the lame; for raising Monies for carrying on the War against France.

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Vo*. XL

Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, lea, Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport-Service for the Reduction of Ireland.

An Act for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts.

An Act for the more effectual supprcfiing profane Cursing and Swearing.

An Act for continuing Tw'o former Acts, for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

An Act for explaining and regulating several Doubts, Duties, and Penalties, in the late Act for granting several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and fop ascertaining the Admeasurement of the Tonage of Ships.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1695; and for repealing the Statute, of the 2d and 3d Years of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, An Act against fhooring in Hail-shot.

An Act for continuing several Laws, therein mentioned.

An Act for the better Admeasurement of Keels and Keel-Boats in the Port of Newcastle, and the Members thereanto belonging.

An Act to indemnify Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions, which he might be liable to, by reason of his discovering to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company; or for any Prosecution for such Distribution.

An Act for settling divers Manors and Lands upon the Marriage of the Marquis of Tavistock, Grandson to William Duke of Bedford.

An Act to enable the Guardians of James Earl of Salisbury to make Leases of Salisbury House, and some other Hereditaments in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex, for Improvement thereof by Building.

An Act for confirming Two Indentures Tripartite, the one of Lease, and the other of Releal'e, made between the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Thanet Island, of the First Part; the Honourable Sackvile Tufton Esquire, of the Second Part; and the Honourable William Cheney Esquire, and Sir Charles Tufton Knight, of the Third Part; and the Estates thereby settled.

An Act for the dividing and settling the Estate of the Coheirs oi John late Earl of Rochester', deceased; and for discharging the Trusts thereupon.

An Act for the vesting the Manor of Earles Croome, alias Jejfryes Croome, and Bough ton, in the County of

Worcester, in Trustees, to be sold; and for settling the Manor-house and Royalty of St. Marys, in the County of Lincolne, and divers Lands, Parcel of the said Manor, of greater Value, to and upon the same Ufesj and to enable Sir Robert Barkham Baronet to make Provision for his younger Children.

An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands of Sir Gcrease Clifton Baronet, in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children.

An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish of Christ-Church, in the County of Surry, to make Rates for raising a Maintenance for a good and able Minister; and for the impowering the Trustees of the Will of John Marshall, deceased, to employ Monies for the finishing the said Parish Church.

An Act to confirm a Grant made by the Rector of the United Parishes oi St. Michael Royal and St. Martins in the Vintry, London, of Part of Martin's Church-yard.

An Act to enable Trustees to grant Leases of the Lands of Henry Northleigh Esquire, lately deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing a Maintenance for his younger Children.

An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements, late of 4 L

1

1

n

3*4 22° Aprilis. 1695.

Royal Assent John Estoft, of Ettcm, in the County of York, Esquire, to Bill*. jp Trustees, to be sold, towards Payment of the Debts of the said John Estoft, and railing Portions for his Daughters.

An Act to enable Jane Rogers, the Widow and Relict of Bryan Rogers, late of Falmouth, Merchant, deceased, and Administratrix of his Goods and Chattels, with his WilL annexed, and other Trustees therein named, to fell Lands for the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Bryan Rogers, in Performance of his said Will.

An Act for the ratifying and confirming a certain Indenture of Lease of Marto Mear, in the County of Lancaster, made by the Earl of Derby, and others, to Thomas fleetzcood Esquire.

An A ftto vest certain Lands and Tenements in Trustees, to be sold, for the better Provision of the Daughters and Coheirs of Joseph Finch Esquire, deceased.

An Act to vest in Trustees certain Lands, in and Sussex, of John Caryll Esquire, for the Payment of Debts, «nd railing of Portions for younger Children; and to supply the Defers of a Conveyance intended for those Purposes.

An Act to vest certain Lands of Sir Chailor

Baronet, in Yorkshire and Durham, to be sold, for Payment of Debts charged thereon, and to secure Portions for younger Children.

An Act for enabling Sir Paul Whitchcote Knight and Baronet, and Dame Jane his Wife, to make Leases, for Ninety-nine Years, of the Manor of Tooting Graveney, and any of his Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Tooting-Graveney, Tooting-Beake, and <5'tretham, in the County of Surrey, for the better Improvement thereof.

An Act to enable William Wanley, an Infant, under the Age of One-and-Twenty Years, to new-build several Messuages Tenements in Ax-Yar Westminster', and to enable his Guardians to make one or more Lease or Leases for effecting the fame.

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Jonathan Webb Esquire, for discharging of Debts and Incumbrances charged thereupon.

An Act to enable Elizabeth Hmvland, the Widow of John Howland Esquire, deceased, to settle Lands upon the Marriage of her foie Daughter and Heir; and for settling Lands upon the said Widow Howland for her Life, in lieu of Dower; and for indemnifying Sir Josias Child, and the said Widow Hmvland, Grandfather, and Mother, of the said Heir, in disposing. of the personal Estate belonging to her, upon her Preferment in Marriage; Ihe being under the Age. of One-and-Twenty Years.

An Act for the vesting certain Lands and Tenements, the Estate of George Gilbert Peirce of the Middle London, Esquire, in Trustees, for the raising Monies, for the Payment of his Debts.

An Act for making lait Water fresh.

An Act to enable Trustees of William Gage Esquire to rail'e Money by a Mortgage of Part of his Estate, for the Preservation of the Timber growing thereon.

An Act for the better enabling the Executors and Trustees of Sir Thomas Hai'e Baronet, lately deceased, to raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children.

An Act to enable Peter Gollop Gentleman, to fell a Farm, and certain Lands called Want sky; and to vest the Inheritance thereof, in Fee-simple, in such Person or Persons who shall be Purchaser or Purchasers thereof from him; subject only to the Payment of the Sum of One thousand Pounds Principal Money, with the Interest thereof due, and to grow due, under the executory Estate of Robert Merefeild Gentleman, deceased.

An Act for felling the Estate of John Kirke, deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

An Act to enable Hannah Widow, and Jo-

nathan her Son, an Infant, to fell certain Lands and Tenements in Warnford, in the County of for

Payment of Debts and Legacies, according to the Will of Richard Woollaston Esquire, deceased.

An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Westward;

and for afeertuitung the'"Rates of Water-Carriage upon the said River.

Mr. Speaker also reported. That his Majesty had been The King*« pleased to make a gracious Speech to both Houses; and, Speech, to prevent any Mistake in reporting thereof, he had desired and obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I TAKE this Occasion to tell you, That the Season of the Year is so far advanced, and the Circumstances of Affairs are so pressing, that I very earnestly recommend to you the speedy dispatching such Business as you think of most Importance for the publick Good; because I must put an end to this Session in a few Days.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Examination Sir Lacon William Child: °fSl.rT-

Mr. Speaker, _ C"°k'

The Lords have resolved to nominate Twelve of their House to be of the Committee appointed by an Act, intituled, An Act to indemnify Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions, which he might be liable to, by reason of his discovering to w hom he paid several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company; or for any Prosecution for such Distri-bution.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Four-and-twenty of this House be no- Commit'* minated to be of the Committee appointed by an Act, 01 b('tb intituled, An Act to indemnify Sir- Thomas Cooke from Hou e* Actions which he might be liable to, by reason of his discovering to whom he paid several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East-Lulia Company; or for any Prosecution for such Distribution.

ResolvedThat a Message be sent to the Lords to acquaint them therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Eliah Harvey do carry the said Message.

Resolved, That this House will proceed to elect the Four-mid-twenty, to be of the Committee, by 'Pickets for that Number, to be put into dalles to be provided for that Purpose.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Lord* desire Lacon William Child: House tocon-

Mr. Speaker, tmueiittwg.

The Lords desire this House will continue fitting so r feme time longer.

And then the Mcffetlgers withdrew.

To which the House agreed.

And the Messengers were called in again: And ]\ fr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That ME Speaker do issue his Warrant, for Sir Sir T. Cook Thomas Cook to attend the Committee of Lords and C< Mn- to attend, tnons Tomorrow, being the ‘23th Day of instan t.

Sir Eliah Harvey reported, That he had, accordin g to Order, delivered the Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That the Counsel for Mr. James Craggs and Compelling Mr. Richard Homage be heard, at the Bar of this H oute, Craggs, &c. upon Wednesday Morning, upon their Petitions fori jicrly to accou"t' presented to the House.

Ordered, That the Counsel of Mr. Paun cefort Punifiiing

and Mr. Edward Pawneefortbe heard, at the Bar of this T-antl E-House, upon Wednesday next, upon their Petitioi is for- ^aLmcclort* roerly presented to this House.

The Members of the House put into GlafiV a their Committee Tickets for Four-and-twenty Names, to be of the Com- lfn mittee for Examination of Sir Thoma the Clerks took, going round the House as usual.

Resolved, That the Lord llanelagh, Mr. Mou.

Mr. White, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Bromley, Mr. HuU

Sir

7 W. III.

s}°

'3iS

Sir Fra.JVi?iington, Mr. Comptroller, Sir RichArdQnslffw,

Mr. Foley junior, Mr. St, Lord Pel*

ham, Mr. Harley, Mr. Colt, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hopkins, Sir Rowland Grvyn, Mr. LuttereU, Ain Bridges, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Gwytm, Mr.

do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, to inspect the Tickets; and report. Tomorrow Morning, to the House who the said Four-and-twenty are.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the Iioule adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 23* die Aprilis;

7* Gulifclmi Tertii.

Praters.

Prixc

Clduus.

A Petition of Thomas Sands, Peta' Paggen, and others, Aleichants, and Proprietors of the Ship called the Young Prince, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the Beginning of the present War the said Ship was taken by the French, and afterwards retaken by an English Privateer; and that, by virtue of the Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers, the Petitioners were intitled to the Redemption of the said Ship, paying Salvage; which accordingly was decreed, on the 27th of November hit, by the Judges Delegates of the Admiralty, upon an Appeal brought by the Owners of the said English Privateer: That the Petitioners have been at great Charges in fitting out the said Ship to Sea; but by a Bill from the Lords, for declaring the Commencement of the said Act for Encouragement of Privateers, which is prd-, Vojl. XI.

fecuted by feme particular Periods for their Own private Endsi the Petitioners Right to the said Ship is chiefly aimed at: And praying, That they may be beard, as the <House flikll think lit, before the said Rill do pals.

Ordered, That the Examination and Coalideration of the said Petition be referred to the find Cortnfrittee.

A Petition of Katherine Verhey, Widow of Dirrick Iriib Arrears Verhey, late Lieutenant in Major PodewiWs, Troop, in - ' the late Baron llechterens Regiment, was presented tt> the House, and read. j

Ordered, That the said Petition be delivered tp one of the Couimiflloiiers for taking and stating the publick Accounts, «vho is a Member of this House.

Sir Henry Hobart reported. That the Members who Committee were appointed Yesterday to inspect the Tickets, and re- for examining port who are the Twenty-four Members of this Hdufe Sir T- Cooke-that are to be of the Committee for the Examination of Sir Thomas Cooke, had inspected the Tickets accordingly;

Answer to IR Henry Goodrich acquainted the House, That, ac-Addrtfs. cording to Order, their Address had been presented

to his Majesty, That he would please to give Inch effectual Directions, that the Colonels and other Officers, of the Army employed for the Reduction of Ireland, might speedily account with, and fetisfy their inferior Officers and Soldiers, as far as they have received Aloney from his Majesty: And that his Majesty was pfeased to lay, That he had already given Orders, as w ell in Flanders as in England, for the doing what is mentioned in the Address; and that some Officers, who neglected to comply with the Directions, have been cashiered: However, that lie will repeat those Orders, under the severest Penalties to such as tha.Il disobey them.

Examination A Aleffage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and of Sir T. Sir John Franklyn:

Cook Mr. Speaker, ! 1

We are commanded, by the Lords, to acquaint this House, That the Exchequer-Chamber is prepared for the Committee of both Houses to meet in, to hear and examine Sir Thomas Cook: And that the Lords do desire this House will give Order, That Sir Thomas Cook may be in a Readiness to attend the said Committee there.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew'.

Resolved, That the Lords be acquainted, That this Houlb hath already given Order for Sir Tho. Cooke to be brought to the said Committee.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith. *.

Prohibiting An ingross'ed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Commerce for declaring the Commencement of an Act, intituled, wuh France. An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers, to be, from the Time that it puffed the Royal Assent; to w it, on die 14th Day of March 1692; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

th&t the said Fouf-and-Twenty were, Sir- John Thompson . - 132

Sir Richard Onslow - -8 - *. J14

Mr. Bridges a* in

Mr. Cha. Mountugut - m > 100

Mr. Bofcauen - - - - 100

Sir Tho. Pope Blount - - - 96

Mr. Clarke - - 96

Mr. Pelham 95

Mr. Comptroller m - - 94

Mr. Harley - - t 92

Sir IT alter Young - - - 88

Sir Chr. Mu/grave - - 87

Mr. Henry Boyle - - 87

Sir Henry Hobart - - 86

Sir Tho. Littleton - m 86

Mr. Hutchinson - + 84*

Sir Echo. Ab?iey - - § - 78

Mr. Chadwick - m - - 77 '

Sir Herbert Crofts - - - 76

Sir Rowland Gwynn - - - - 75

Mr. Papilium - - - 70

Sir Win Cooper - - 69

Mr. Brockman - - - 69

Mr. Gztyn - - 1 - C9

The House, according to the Order of the Day, took Encourage into Consideration the Report of the Bill for the better ment of 6 Encouragement of Privateers. Prmtwrwi

Aud the Amendments, made by the Committee, were a Second time read, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some cither Amendments, made by the House, to the said Bill, were agreed unto.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

y- M

} 86.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

- A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook an‘d Examination Sir John Franklyn: ' Cooke.

Air. Speaker,

We are commanded to acquaint this House, That the Lords, who are named of the Committee for hearing and examining Sir Thomas Cooke, w ill be in the Exchequer-Chamber at half an Hour after Twelve a Clock: And that their Lordships have relblved, That no Lords, but —

those who are of that Committee, be there present.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who are named of the Committee for hearing and examining Sir Thomas Cook, do meet the Lords who are of the said Committee, half an Hour after Twelve a Clock.

Rejoivedf

3*° $3* — 24 1695;

Resolved, That no Members of this House, but those who are of the said Committee be present, at the said Examination.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them with the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller acquainted the House, That, accord-

Address. ing to Order, their Address had been presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty in his great Wifdotn would please to take care, for the future, that this Kingdom be put upon an equal Foot and Proportion with the Allies, in bearing the Charge of the present War: And that his Majesty was plealed to answer in these Words; viz.

IN this, as in every thing else, I shall always endeavour to have a due regard to the Interest, and to the Honour, of this Nation.

Examination Then the Committee of this House, for the hearing T* and examining Sir Thomas Cook, were called over; And

they went to the Exchequer-Chamber.

tion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider,

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for Liberty to export Bullion for the Use of the Army.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Encouragement of Pri- Encourag*. vateers was read the Third time. of

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with ^rl¥aleer* Blanks:

And the feme was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the better Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Committees.

C

Prohibiting Commerce with France,

Compelling Craggs, See. to account*

Punishing T. and E. Pauncefort, Sec.

Preventing counterfeiting Coin*

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House, upon the Question put, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 24* die Aprilis; 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Mr. Comptroller made a Report from the Committee Examirwtkm of Lords and Commons appointed to hear and examine Sir "f sil 'r-Thomas Cook, by virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act to Couke* indemnify Sir Tho. Cooke from Afitions, which he might be liable to, by reason of his Discovery to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company; orfor anyProiecution for such Distribution; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth;

jDESOLVED, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-' ing, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for declaring the Commencement of an Act, intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers, to be, from the Time that it passed the Royal Assent; to w it, on the 14th Day of 1692.

Ordered, That the Petitioners, in the Petition presented to the House Yfttcrday, relating to the said Bill, be heard at the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hedges, Judge of the Admiralty, do attend the said Committee.

The Counsel for Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Richard Homage, attending, were called in; and heard; according to Order.

And then withdrew.

Also the Counsel for Mr. Tracy Pauncefort and Mr. Edward Pauncefort, attending, were called in; and heard; according to Order.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to oblige Mr. and Mr. Richard Harnage to discover how feme of the Monies, relating to cloathing the Army, have been disposed of; and for punching them in case they shall not make such Discovery; and also, the Bill for punishing of Mr. Tracy Pauncefort and Mr. Edward Pauncefort for cor-corrupt Practices, in with-holding Money from the Officers of the Army; were committed; be made Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this kingdom, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Pr. 6. L. 7. by leaving out " aforesaid

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Persons shall export any Bullion but in their own Names:

And the feme was Thrice read; and upon, the Ques-

Die Martis, 23* Ap 1695.

In the Exchequer-Chamber.

Sir Thomas Cook being called in, and the Act read; he thereupon observed to the said Committee, something relating to the Clause touching his Imprisonment; and did desire, That in case he should then make a full and perfect Discovery, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, it m'ght by them be represented to each House, so as he might obtain their Votes for his Discharge; he apprehending, by the Act, That no Person is impowered to relcafe him, in case of such Discovery:

Whereupon the Committee acquainted him, That they were of Opinion, if he made a full Discovery, he would not be liable to the Penalty of the Act; but, however, his Scruple should be fairly represented to both Houses.

Sir Thomas Cook, being sworn, acquainted the Committee, That, for their Ease, he had put his Confession down in Writing, a Copy whereof is hereunto annexed; the Original being read by him: And the Committee conceiving it to he imperfect, and not such as the Act requires, the Committee let him know, That they expected a more particular Account of those Matters from him.

To the first Sum of 10,000l. mentioned in the said Writing, he faith, The same was paid to Mr. Tyson in November 1692: That he gave him no Direction how it should be disposed; but it was in Expectation to have the Charter of the East India Company confirmed, and new

Regulations thereto made; and they concluded it for the Service of the Company: It was intended for the King; but he could not say the King had it.

He believes the East India Company never had any Account how this 10,000 /. was disposed of: He told the Court, as he remembers, That he had disposed of the Money; and they required no Account thereof: He believes Mr. Tysson told him, That he delivered it to Sir Josiah Child, who delivered it to the King: He faith, It is a cut tomary Present: And that, in King Charles, and other former Reigns, the like had been done for several Years, which, by the Books of the Company, may appear:

That the Company, when this Present was made were in an ill Condition; and that he himself advanced this Sum; and had.it not repaid in Four or Five Months time:

16 The

7 W. III.

2 40 Aprilis.

The fame, with the Interest thereupon due, was presented to the Ring in Tallies.

As to the 10,000l. and 2,000l. next mentioned in the Account, he faith, Those Sums were paid to Mr. Richard Acton, about the same time; who declared. He had several Friends capable of doing great Service to the Company's Affairs, and several of them would speak with Parliament-men:

That he could not particularize who they were; but the End aimed at was, to get an Act of Parliament.

He, Sir Thomas Cook, offered to give the Company an

Account how the Money was disposed of; but they did not think fit to receive it.

And further faith, That he knows no Man, besides Mr. Acton, who can give an Account who had that Money: That he intrusted this Money wholly with Mr. , taking him for an honest and able Man; the Court having given him Power, as he conceived, to dispose of the Money by another Hand, as well as by his own.

That the Inducements for giving this Money, w'ere, Fears of the Interlopers going out, and Subscriptions lor a new Company going on; by which, they apprehended, the Company would be ruined:

That, to the best of his Remembrance, there was a Bill, at that.time, for another East India Company; and that the King had sent a Message to the House of Commons, to settle the East India Trade.

That this 10,000l. was advanced by Acton himself, and not repaid him in feme Months' after: Which Money, he believes, Acton paid away the same Sclfions: The other 2,000l. to Acton was for Interest, and for his Pains and

Expences, which were great: Acton did say, lie could tell some Persons employed in that Affair:

He did under and, This Money was to be laid out for promoting their Affairs in Parliament; but cannot say to whom it was given; but understood it went no farther than the House of Commons; and that lie found no^ood Fruit by fitch Distribution.

That Mr. Acton had, at that time, an Interest in the East India Company, to the Value of 10,000 or 20,000 /. as he believes; and had so for iome time: That he gave this 10,000l. with the Privity of Sir Child; who

recommended Acton as a Person capable of doing the Company Service, having great Acquaintance with Parliament-men, and others, who had Interest with them: That he knows not who Acton employed in the Uiltribution of this Money.

As to the 338/. 7 s. 6d. mentioned to be paid to Mr. Molincikt; he faith. The same was paid him about the same time the Money was paid to Mr. That Mr.

Molineuxtold him this Money was to be disposed of to the Lord Rivers, who was then Lord Colchester, and in the House of Commons: But further faith. That, since his Confinement, Molineuxhad been with him, to tell him, it was a wrong Thing; and that my Lord never had it, but that he had made use of it himself.

As to the further Sum of 250/. mentioned in the Laid Paper to be paid Mr. Tyssen, for the Service of the Company; he faith. It was paid him about the same time, and was in relation to Salt-petre; but he cannot give any further Account thereof.

As to the 2 20/. mentioned to be j>aid to Sir John Chardin; he believes it was for his own Use, having expended great Sums in the Company's Service.

As to the 350/. paid to Mr. Dockman he said, He believed he expended the fame; but- knows not to whom he gave it.

As to the 382/. 1 a. 8 d.paid to Captain Germain; he failh, That Mr. Germain told him, he had loft about 700l. in the Interest of the Interlopers; and, - finding that Interest to decline, he applied himself to him, the said Sir Tho. Cooke, propoling. That if he might have half the Money which he had loft, repaid him, he would come into the Hast-India Company's Interest; upon wlnch-Consideration the said 382/. is. 8d. was paid him.

Vol. XI.

As to the 1,091/. 13,?. 4^. paid to Mr. Til'-palrick, F.xaminatiom deceased; he faith, That Fits-patrick told him, he had a great Interest with the Lord Nottingham; that he w ould 00 e* try what he could do, and he did not doubt but he might accomplish great Services, provided he might have loch a Sum of Money; but, he believes, the fdd Ft t~pa trick kept the Money himself; That there was a Promise of a further Sum; but the intended Act of Parliament did not pass.

As to the 545 16* 8 d.it was to be paid Mr. Charles

Bates when the Charter was settled; and was paid accordingly in October 1693: He himself had no Acquaintance with him; but Sir BasilFirebrace told him, lie had Acquaintance with several Lords, and named the Marquis of Cannarthon, now Duke of Leeds.

As to the first 10,000l. paid to Sir ;It

was paid him about November 1603; and it was always his Apprehension, that Sir Bazil kept it for himself, to recompense his Loffe^ in the interloping Trade.

As to the several other Sums, which complete the further Sum of 30,000l. paid to Sir Bazil; he faith, They were paid at one time, though depending upon several Contrafts.

That it was agreed, That in case the Charter puffed, that the Company should take do,000l. Stock of Sir Bazil Firebrace, at 150 /. per Cent-, when the Charter was passed: He put thi5 Stock upon the Company at 150/. per Cent.; their Stock was then at too per by which

the Company loft 30,000l.

He faith, He never could tell to whom this Money was distributed; nor would Sir Bazil give him an Account of that Matter, though often asked by him to do it; and Sir Bazil laid, if he *were further pressed he would have no more to do in it.

That the Charter being passed, the Company paid the 30,0001, about January 93, in Recompence for the Fall of the Stock: The Company was allb to transfer 40,000l. more Stock, at too I. per Cent, if an Act passed, in 18 Mouths, for confirming and enlarging their Charter; but the Act of Parliament not being passed, the Contraft for that 40,600l. Stock became void.

Sir 'Thomas Cooke produced a Contraft, dated the 19th September 1693, which was mentioned to be made in Consideration of 300 Guineas paid to him; which Conficferation he declared he had not received:

He likewise produced another Contraft, dated 25 October 92:

He faith, There were several Contrafts; feme to the Value of 60,000l. on Account of procuring a new Charter; and others to the Value of 40,000l. on Account of procuring an Act of Parliament: They were all in Sir Bazil lure brace's Name: One of each Sort was by him produced, to shew the Nature of these Contrafts.

He faith, The 30,000l. was paid to Sir Bazil Firebrace, or his Order, upon Ten several Contrafts: It was paid in Six several Sums; viz. 15 or 20,000l. (and he thinks 10,000l. a-piece, because no more than that Sum can be subscribed by one Person) to Fowls and JVolton:

To Mr. Edward Allen , Scrivener, 5,000l.: To Mr.

Hornlty,5,000l.

That the 30,00 ol.and 10,000l. was subscribed into the Stock of the-East India Company; and, he believes, the Subscribers can give further Informations as to these Sums.

- He did not know, but the Reason why. the 30,000l. was in den several Contrafts might be because Sir Bazil might have Occasion to distribute it to several Persons.

As to the 90,000l. he laith, That it was 99,197/.

Stock, bought for 90,000l. of several Persons, for the Use of the Company, to make good the Contraft with Sir Bazil, if he should choose to accept Stock.

That the Stock w as transferred to several Persons to the Company's Ule: That he was accountable for it: That they had his own Obligation foe the fame; Part of which Stock was transferred to the Company; other Part was fold for their Use, and they hav e the Money.

4 M 23 April

The Word " once' it inserted in th'i* Place, in the Journal, by Mistake; and the Word " were,*' Which is here inserted instead thereof, tup plied from the original Report.

Examination of Sir T* Cooke.

318

24° JprUis.

4 169s*

d.

10.000 -

97 8 10

10.000 ——

2,000

338

164

250

109

7

16

10

3 4

220 ——

350 —

23 April 1695*

A true and full Discovery, Upon Oath, made by Sir Thomas Cook, to the best of his Rnowlege, how and in what Manner, and to what Person or Persons, and to what particular Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and on what Account, the Sum of 67,000l. and the Sum of 90,000 Z. have been distributed, paid, applied, disposed, or made use of: Which Discovery is in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament.

Delivered to Francis Tyffen Esquire, several Tallies for 10,000l. for the special Service of the"!

Company - - -.....- - -/

To Interest and Allowance due for the said Tallies till the same was repaid me . -To Mr. Richard Acton to defray the Expences of himself, and for his Friends soliditing to prevent a new Settlement of an East India Company, and to endeavour the Establishment of the old -

To Ditto, for Interest of the Money, and Gratuity for his Pains, more.

To Mr. Nath. Molyneux, Merchant, for himself and Friends in foliciung the Company's Affairs to prevent a new Charter, and to establish the old, 310 Guineas -

To Charges on the Salt-petre, and for the Tallies and other Expences -

To Francis Tifien Esquire, for the Service of the Company ——

To what I find, by my Notes of Memorandums, is charged to myself, 100 Guineas

To Sir John Chardin, for several Expences and Services in the Company's Affairs To Paul Dockminique Esquire, for soliciting the Company's Affairs to prevent a new Company, and to establish the old - -

To Captain John Germaine, in Consideration of Loss he had by East India Stock, and on his Promise to come into the Company's Interest, 350 Guineas -To Colonel Fitzpatrick, for the Service done the Company by his Solicitation for a new'

Charted, 1,000 Guineas ——

To Charles Bates Esquire, on the same Account, 500 Guineas -

To Sir Bazil Firebrace, in Recompence of his Trouble in prosecuting the Company's Affairs,! and in Consideration of other Losses he had fuliained, by neglecting his own Business, and by I not engaging himself with the interloping Ships ----- -- -J

To laid Sir Bazil, for 50/. per Cent. Loss on 10,000l. Stock, I was obliged to accept o: him at 150/. per Cent, being on the Company's Account -To ditto, for like Loss of 50 per Cent, on g,oooo/. Stock -To ditto, for a like Loss of 50 per Cent, on 8,000l. Stock -

To ditto, for a like Loss of 50 per Cent, on 7,000l. Stock -

To ditto, for a like Lois of 50 per Cent, on 6,000l. Stock -

To ditto, for a like Loss of 50 per Cent, on 5,000l. Stock -

To ditto, for a like Loss of 50 per Cent, on 4,000l. Stock -

To ditto, for alike Loss of 50 per Cent, on 1,000l. Stock -

To ditto, for a like Loss of 50 per Cent, on 6,000l. Stock -

To ditto, for a like Loss of 50 per Cent, on 4,000l. Stock -

To the Attorney-General, for his great Trouble and Pains about the Charters, and othe Affairs relating to the Company, 500 Guineas ——

To the Solicitor General, on the same Account, 200 Guineas -To Mr. Sambrooke, &c. for Charges in passing the said Accounts - -

382

1,091

545

*3

16

5

10,000 - — —

5.000

4.500

4.000

3.500

3.000

2.500

2.000 500

3.000

2.000

545

21

218

16 g

6

6

8

8

Tho. Cooke.

23 April 1695.

An ACCOUNT of the Disposition of the 90,000l. mentioned in the said Bill, which was for bought of several Persons, for Account of the East India Company, as by the Particulars below

East India Stock.

Of Mr. Robert Marshall Of Ralph Marshall Esquire Of Mr. Abraham Willmer Of Mr. John Blacker,

Of Mr. Wm. Sheppard Of Sir Salathiel Lovel -Of Paul Docmanique Esquire Of Mr. John Dubois -Of Mr. Robert Lancashire Of Mr. Vincent Shepard Of Mr. Francis Gosfright Of Frederick Hern Esquire Of Captain Jonath. Andrews Of Sir Tho. Grantham Of John Perry Esquire Of Mr. Richard Munford Of Mr. Sam. Ongley -Of Richard Mounteney Esquire Of Mr. Gabriel Glover Of Mr. Thom. Powell -

67,031 18 2

East India Stock appears; viz.

L

4,066 10 m which cost 3,659 17 —

2,033 5 — - 1,829 18 6

5,760 17 6 - 5,i84 15 9

1,016 12 6 - 9H 19 3

6,777 10 — - 6,099 15 —

1,016 12 6 914 19 3

1,355 10 — - 1,219 19 —

2,033 5 — - 1,829 18 6

6,777 10 — - 6,099 15 —

3,388 15 3,049 17 6

3,388 15 — a* 3,049 17 6

5,422 — — m 4,879 16 —

677 15 — - 609 19 6

1,694 7 6 - 1,524 18 9

3,388 15 — - 3,049 17 6

4,744 5 — 4,269 16 6

19,654 15 — m 17,91)6 1 5

3,3oo — — 9 m - 2,970 — —

5,500 — — m 4,950 —

17,200 — — m 15,695 — ——

99,197 — — Stock cost m 89,799 1 u

For Provision, <§c, of the said 99,197/. Stock, only computed at 200l. 18$. to make| vp the 90,000 ——

Tho. Cooke.

" Lois' in tbs Journal. Corroded by the original Report.

200 18 1

£.90,000 —

Ordered,

7 W. III.

fcjrfoo* Ordered That Mr. Fmles, Mr. Mr. Nath.

ordered to Hornby, Mr. Allen, Mr. Tyfm, Mr. Acton, Sir attend. Firebrace, and Sir Janas Child, be summoned to attend

this house Tomorrow Morning.

Examination A Mefl'age from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Mr.

0 Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Examination of Sir Thomas Cook.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

To which the House agreed.

And the Mefi'engers were called in again: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to bear and examine Sir Thomas Cook, do manage the Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Comptroller reported, That they had met the Lords at the Conference; and that the Lord Privy-Seal managed the same on the Part of the Lords; and acquainted them, That the Lords had desired the said Conference to acquaint this House, That they have lent for Mr. Acton, Mr. Allen, Mr. Mr. Wootton, and

Mr. Hornby, in order to have them examined, as to the Sums charged on them by Sir Thomas Cook; and that they have like wife had an intimation, That Sir Bazil is near at hand, and will very soon appear before their Lordships: Whereupon the Lords thought fit to let this House know, That it is the Opinion of their Lordships, that all future Examinations of any Persons that are mentioned in the Report of Sir Thomas Cook's Accounts, be had before a Committee of both Houses; to which End, they have agreed, that the Committee of their House shall be the same that it was lait.

Refolded, That the Examination of the Persons mentioned in the Report of Sir Thomas Cook's Account be by a Committee of both Houses.

Resolved, That the Members of this House, who were of the Committee for Examination of Sir Tho. , be the Committee of this House for the said Examination of the Persons mentioned in the Report of Sir Tho. Cook s Account.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Resolved, That Mr. Comptroller do go and desire the said Conference.

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Rooks, and Papers.

Resolved, That the said Committee have Pow er to adjourn from Time to Time, and Place to Place, as they find convenient.

Resolved, That the Lords be acquainted with the said Resolutions, at the said Conference.

Mr. Comptroller reports, That lie having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; they do agree to a Conference accordingly, immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Persons who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Comptroller reported, That they had met the Lords at a Conference, and acquainted them with the said Resolutions.

24" — 25" — 4 6® Aprilis.

3*9

Ditto.

Ordered, That the Committee of this Iloule do meet the Committee of Lords in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Seven a Clock this Evening.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except Committee*, the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Mr. Ho ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do agree with this House, That the said Committee have Power to fencl for Persons, Rooks, and Papers; and to adjourn from Time to Time, and Place to Place, as they shall find convenient: And that the Lords of the Committee will be in the Exchequer-Chamber, at Seven a Clock this Evening.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Vox.'. XI.

Jervis, 25* die Aprilis;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Hearing at the Committee of Bishop* Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for ^"*e the Rorough of Bishops Castle, in the County of Salop, lon* which is, appointed to be next Monday, be put off until Monday next come Three Weeks.

Ordered, That the Committee of this House, who are Examination to meet the Committee of the Lords, for the Examination ®f ^ir of the Persons mentioned in the Report of Sir Thom. " 00 '

Cook's Account, have Power to fit during the Sitting of the House: And that they do report the Examinations to this House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Prohibiting itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of C?t"n*erce the ingrossed Rill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act de- Wl rauce‘ daring the Commencement of an Act, intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers, to be from the Time that k passed the Royal Assent; to wit, on the 14th Day of March 1692.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hareourttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Rill, and made some Amendments; which they haddirested him to report, when the House would please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That die Report he made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Christopher M have Leave Leave of to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

The House resumed the Consideration of the ingrossed preventing Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent coun- counterfeit-terfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom. "S Com*

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, against clipping the Coin of this Kingdom:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, in lieu thereof:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was read a Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Rill.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Seobell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

' Veneris, 26* die Aptilis;

7® Gulielmi TertiL

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. James Craggs, now Prisoner in Persons in v the ybreer of London, by Orderof this House, be carried, custody to b« from time to time, to attend the Committee of Lords and exaQ»in«i

' Commons

26* — 2 7°

A. 1695.

Compelling Craggs, See. to account.

Punishing T. and E. Pauncefort*

Prohibiting Commerce with France.

Committees#

Exporting

Corn.

Commons appointed to examine the Persons mentioned in the Report of Sir Thomas Cook's Account: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, carry Mr. William in his Custody by Order of this House, to attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, carry Mr. Charles Nois, in his Custody by Order of this House, to attend the said Committee, if they shall think fit to fend for him.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs and Mr. Richard Homage to discover how some of the Monies relating to cloathing the Army have been disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery; and also the Bill for punishing Mr. Tracy Pauncefort and Mr. Edward Pauncefort for corrupt

Practices, in with-holding Money from the Officers of the Army; were committed; the Amendments made by the Committee to the said several Bills; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were severally once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said several Bills, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Mr. Harcourt reported, from the Committee of the

whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for declaring the Commencement of an Act, intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers, to be, from the Time that it passed the Royal Assent; to wit, on the Fourteenth Day of March 1692; w as committed; the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same wire twice read; and agreed unto by the Iloule; and are as follow;

L. 7, leave out " may," and iulert " must."

L. 9, leave out " if lo might," and insert " will."

And add Proviso A.

Proviso A: That nothing contained in the Act shall be construed, or taken, to make void or prejudice any Decree, Sentence, or Judgment given or obtained by virtue of the recited Act of Parliament, in relation to the Ship called the Young Prince.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordlliips Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Sir Fra. Mr. Nicholas, Mr.

Christie, Hotham, Bolder, Mr. Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Ryder, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining an Act of i° et Maria, for en-

couraging the Exportation of Corn, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Four a Clock in the Afternoon.

Tellers for the Noes, {|" S.^Smar&lm. So it passed in the Negative.

21.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Post Meridiem.

Commitlets. np jj £ House being met;

-L A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That all Committees be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

" Tredenham,

Done:

Tellers for the Yeas,

(Sir Jof. '\Mr. JDi

} ,8.

Sabbati,27* die Ap

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to oblige James Craggs and Richard Compelling Harnage to discover how some of the Monies, re- Craggs, &c. lating to cloathing the Army, have been disposed of; and to account-for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to oblige James Craggs and Richard Harnage to discover how some of the Monies, relating to cloathing the Army, have been disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing of Tracy Pauncefort wad punuhing Edzrnrd Pauncefort for corrupt Practices, in with-holding T. and L. Money from the Officers of the Army, was read the Pauncefort Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Comptroller made a Report from the Committee Examination appointed by both Houses, to examine the Persons men- of Persons tioned in the Report of Sir Thomas Cook's Account; mentioned by which, being in Writing, he read the same in his Place: Sir * <"oot‘ and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Die Mercurii,24* April. 1695.

In the Exchequer-Chamber.

At a Committee of both Houses, appointed for the Examination of several Persons touching the Receipt and Distribution of Monies mentioned in a late Act, intituled, An Act to indemnify Sir Tho. Cook from Actions, which he might be liable to, by reaibn of his discovering to whom he paid and dil'tributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company; and from any Prosecution for such Distribution.

Sir Bazil Firehrace, being interrogated touching his Re-

ceipt of 10,000l. and of 30,000l. charged on him by Sir Tho. Cook; and also touching the Distribution thereof;

Depofeth,

That the said Sum of 10,000l. was given him, as a Gratuity, by the said Sir Tho. Cook, for his Losses; of which he hath given Sir Thomas Cook a satisfactory Account: That he received the 10,000l. some time before the Charter for the East India Company passed:

That the said Sum of 30,000 /. was received by him, by virtue of a Contraft with Sir Thom. Cooke; it was for Favours and Services done:

That the Stock, at the time of the Contraft, valued at 15°/, per Cent, falling afterwards to 100

the Difference was 30,000 /.; which they made up to him:

That the Reason of the Fall of the Stock was, the Ships not coming in; and if that had not happened, he, the Deponent, had gained as much as the 30,000l. paid him:

That he is positive the 10,000l. and 30,000l. was directly for himself, and for the Use of no other Person whatsoever:

That he paid no Part of the same tow ards procuring a Charter, or Act of Parliament; nor made any Promile so to do:

Thathehad-feveva1 Discourses with Sir Thom. Cook about using his, the Deponent's Endeavours to procure a new 14 Charter;

:.4fc

u&li

*5

L

JA

:>a

7 W. III. 270 Aprtlis. 321

Charter; for that it was his Interest so to do after the Contracts were made:

That he did use all his Interest to prevail with the Interlopers to forbear Prosecution; and that he did endeavour all he could to improve the Company's Stock; and made it in his Bargain, That the Company should 1‘ubmit to Regulations in their Charter.

He believes, That Sir Thomas Cook might desire him to acquaint him how he disposed of the Money; but that be, this Deponent, told him, It was not fair; it was contrary to their Agreement; he was not to a Ik him, this Deponent, what he did with his own.

That in lbme of the Contracts the Consideration or Premium, mentioned therein, was paid; and refers to the Contracts; that in some of them 51. per Cent, in others 5 s. is the Premium mentioned:

That in the Contract 15 Sept. 93. the 300 Guineas were paid by a Note, which Sir Tho. Cook kept some time, and afterwards did deliver up to this Deponent, without having received any Money from this Deponent.

Being aiked, What particular Services he did, or was to do, lor procuring a new Charter

Saith, That be wished he might answer to that at some other time, being not well, not having slept two or three Nights, and much indisposed as to his Health:

That he was unwilling to take too much upon himself: He thought he did great Service to the Company in Solicitation, and other Services: He knew not of any Money, or Stock, given to any Person whatsoever for procuring a Charter.

Being aiked, Whether the 30,000l. or the Value of 30,000/ was wholly for himself, and was not disposed to any other Person

Saith, That no Part of it was to any other Person but himself except one 50 ol.paid to Towel, whole Christian Name he did not remember: But faith. That he lives at Thanet House: That he was not sure whether he paid that out of this, or his own:

It was paid to Powell, because he had good Interest among the Interlopers, and was instrumental in reconciling Differences.

Die Joels, 25* A 1695.

In the Exchequer-Chamber.

At a Committee of both Houses appointed for the Examination of several Persons, touching the Receipt of Money mentioned in a late Act; and touching the Distribution thereof.

Mr. Hornby, Goldsmish, exhibited to the Committee an Extract of Sir Basil Firebra Account: Which, being examined and compared by the Committee, was ligned by him; and is hereunto annexed: And depofeth. That at the time when he subscribed 10,000l. into the East India Company's Stock, he had Sir Basil Firebrace's Word for his Security, in case the Stock fell, to have 5,000 /. Part thereof, repaid him, if he, this Deponent, should desire it, at the End of that Year:

That he did call for his Money at that time, and took the East India Company's Bond for it, payable in March; at which time a Sale commenced; and he, having his Money then paid, transferred it to the Secretary of the East India Company.

To the other 5,000 /. Part of his said Subscription, he laith, That he had no Conditions from Sir Basil;

for that, having subscribed before, he knew such Terms were to be had:

That he knows not whether Sir Basil made such Terms with others, or not; but hath heard. He did the same with Mr. Fowles.

Mr. Fowles exhibited an Extra6t of Sir Basil Firebrace's Account, examined as aforesaid; and is hereunto annexed, and signed by him: And depofeth.

That lie cannot remember the Names of any Members of Parliament, to whom any Money was paid by Sir Basil Firebrace's Order:

That he never keeps any private Notes or Memoran-

dums of Persons Names to whom he pays Money; and Examination hath no other Accounts, as to that Matter, but what of are in hi. Books. ZT&Z

Sir Basil Firebrace, having desired Leave to be called in, further depofeth,

That, having had a Treaty with Mr. Bates, whom he thought able to do Service in passing the Charter, and to have Acquaintance with several Persons of Honour, he, this Deponent, gave two Notes for 5.500 Guineas to Mr. Atwell, payable to Mr. Bates, or Bearer:

That one Note was for 3,000, and the other for 2,500 Guineas:

That he, this Deponet, did put the Notes into Mr.

Bates' Hands; who told this Deponent, That he would deal with him for himself; and, if the Business were done, he would keep the Notes, else deliver them again:

That the 2,500 Guineas were paid after the Charter for restoring the East India Company passed; the other, for 3,000 Guineas, after the Charter for Regulation passed:

That he had those Notes from Sir Thom. Cooke, and was accountable to him for the fame; which he put into Mr. Bates' Hands:

That the said Sir Tho. Cook did know, as this Doponent verily believes, how these Notes were to be disposed of:

And further laith, He told Sir Thom. Cooke, That Bates had Acquaintance with several Lords, naming the Lord President, and others:

That he, this Deponent, could not tell who this Money was designed for, or what Bates did with it; for that Bates w ould not deal on such Terms of telling Names:

That Bates did introduce him, this Deponent, several times to the Lord President, w ho made feme Scruples in Points of Law; upon which this Deponent desired his Leave, that the Attorney-General might wait upon him; and he accordingly brought him:

That he doth not remember any other Lord, to whom Bates introduced him.

He faith, That, one Day the last Week, the 5,000 Guineas were offered by Bates back again to him; who -said, That this might make a Noise: That, if Sir Tho.

Cook thought it too much, he would give it him again; and that, on Tuesday last, 4,400 Guineas, being the Value of 5,500l. was brought to this Deponent: That the other 500 Guineas are lull in Bates's Hands: That Sir Tho.

Cook did scruple to take back this Money at firit; but did afterwards consent to it in the Morning when he was brought up before this Committee: Whereupon this Deponent gave him Four Notes for the Money, payable (a)

[to] Mr. Atwell, or Bearer: And this Deponent believes,

He, the said Sir Thomas Cooke, had a double Account; the one was made up with this Sum, the other without it.

He further said, That Bates would have paid back the Whole; but Sir Tho. Cook laid, The Account would not be even, if the 500 Guineas were not brought into that Account.

That this was no Part of the 40,000 /. before mentioned in this Deponent's Examination, and paid to him this Deponent; which 40,000 /. this Deponent faith was wholly his own: ( b) [That] he always took care to have it particularly understood, That it was for his own Use and Benefit: The same was declared before Witnesses.

That they found great Stops in the Business of the Charter: They apprehended it proceeded loinetimes from my Lord Nottingham, sometimes from others:

That Colonel Fitz-Patrick received 1,000 Guineas on the same Terms as was with others, if the Charter passed: He pretended great Interest with my Lord Nottingham; and that he (c) [could] get Information from the Lady Derby how the Queen's Pleal'ure was: Colonel Fitz-Patrick said, He would try to prevail with the Lord Nottingham for 5,000 Guineas, upon passing the Charter, and 5,000 on the Act of Parliament; but the Lord Nottingham refused to take it: Hath heard a Note, signed by Sir JosiasChild and Sir Tho. Cook, for 50,000l.Was

lodged in Tysseris Hands, for about a Year, to be paid, in case the Act passed; and that it was refilled, as he understood, by Lord Portland:

(o) " on' in the Journal.

Vo L. XI.

(4) " but" in the Journal.

(c) " would" in the Journal.

4 N

That

1

Bxaamoation

of Persons mentioned by &r T. Cook,

322 27° Jprilis..^.1695.

That Tyssen told him, He had made an Offer, and it

was rejected: That Tyssen told him this lately:

That 1,000 Guineas are entered in the East- Company's Books, and were to be paid to Mr. Ward and Mr. Fowl, oner, who are of the Interloping Interest, and

made great Opposition to the Charter:

Mr. Ward said, If he had 1,000 Guineas, he would bring over others to the Company's Interest: These 1,000 Guineas were to be paid on Arrival of the Ship Seymour.

That IVm. Pritchardand Dofitor did ac-

cept fqme East India Stock; but on the same Terms as any Merchant might have done; and they paid their Money for it.

Richard Acton depofeth,

That he received of Sir Thomas Cook the Sum of 10,000l. and 2,00b /.; That he, this Deponent, did tell Sir Thom.

' Cook, He had Friends that would take Pains to do the Company Service, but they would have 10,000 /.:

That Sir Thomas Cook agreed, 10,000 /. should be given; Whereupon this Deponent advanced that Sum: This Deponent had 2,000l. for his Pains and Trouble, in attending Two Sessions: If the Bill fora new Company had passed, this Deponent was to have had nothing:

That lie verily believes, He gave Sir Thomas Cook art Accoutitto -whom he distributed it, or else, he thinks, the Money had not been trusted to him: That he did not distribute it to Members, but to those who had Interest with Members:

Some of them, to whom he gave Money to be distributed, were Mr. Craggs; with whom this Deponent was concerned in cloathnig the Army; who had Acquaintance with Colonels in the House, and some Northern Members; Mr. IVallis, Mr. Pudley, Mr.:

Mr. Goldwell, who is since dead, was the only Member

he himself gave Money to: And that, if he had a little Time to peruse his Papers, he could recollect further.

Nathanael Powell depofeth,

That he was very instrumental in causing a good Understanding between Sir Thomas Cooke and the Interlopers: That he concerted how to bring about Meetings between Sir Tho. Cook and Sir Bazil , who had

been of a different Interest:

That Sir Bazil made some Terms with Sir Tho. Cook, upon which a Charter was to be had:

That he perceived, by Sir Basil there was

some Difficulty in the Matter; Sir Tho. Cook infilled to know what Sir Bazil Firebrace did with the Money; which Sir Bazil refused to let him know:

That he always withdrew at their Meetings; his Bufi-nels being only to go upon Errands to procure Meetings: And that one Day he, this Deponent, asked Sir Firebrace, Whether he intended to make a Porter of him ? Sir Bazil gave him his Word, That he should have 500 Guineas; and that about Two Months since, he did receive 530 /. though the Promile was to have it paid upon passing of the Charter:

That he hath bought Ten or 15,000 /. Stock at one time of Sir Tho. Cook: He never took it to be tire East India Company's, but Sir Tho. Cooke's proper Stock; and had his Contract for the Repayment of it in Six Months, if defin'd: He generally had it repaid: If any Loss was, he always looked upon it as Sir Tho. Cook's, and not the Company's Loss.

Die Veneris, 26* Aprilis 1695.

Exchequer-Chamber.

At a Committee of both Houses, appointed for the Examination of several Persons, touching the Receipt of Monies mentioned in a late Act; and touching , the Distribution thereof.

Mr. Wootton exhibited a particular Extract relating to Sir Bazil Embrace's Account, taken out of his Calli-Book; and, being subscribed, is hereunto annexed; is the same with Mr. Fowles.

Mr. Bates, upon his Examination, deposed,

That Sir Bazil Firebrace did apply himself to him, to

(a) These Welds are

use his Interest for obtaining a Charter to the Company, the old Charter being forfeited; and told him, this Deponent, They would be very grateful for it; but cannot remember that any particular Sum was named: That he, this Deponent, did use his Interest with the Lord President; who said, He would do what Service he could: And further faith. That the Lord President had delivered his Opinion publickly, and thought the Forfeiture (a) [of it] a Hardship: That the Lord President had often shewed himself his Friend:

That he received Three Notes for 5,500 Guineas in the Whole: That he sent a Servant to receive the Money; but cannot say the Time:

That he told mv lxrrd President what Sum he had; and would have pressed it upon my Lord, but he refilled it: Whereupon this Deponent, in regard lie could not tell Money very well himself, did alk Leave of my Lord, That his Servant might tell the Money; to which my Lord made Answer, He gave Leave; and accordingly Monsieur Robert did receive the Money:

That he had not the Notes till after one Ctarter passed, and before the other passed: He faith, That all the Notes were given together at one time; and that he, this Deponent, gave nD Counter-notes when he received them:

But afterwards, he, being examined to the same Matter* was not polidve, that Counter-notes were not given: That he thinks, when he had the firl't Treaty with Sit Bazil Firebrace, That Sir Bazil did lay, He should have a Sum; and thinks he named a particular Sura:

That 500 Guineas were received before June last, and the other 5,000 Guineas afterwards:

That the said Nbtes were not out of his Possession, front the time he first had them, to the time be gave therfi Monsieur Robert to receive the Money:

: That Monsieur Robert, after he bad received the Money, brought the same to him; which hath remained in his, the Deponent's, Possession, and in Iris own House* till the time that he paid 4,400 Guineas thereof back again to Sir Bazil; which, as he takes it* was upon Monday or Tuesday last.

And he, being examined again to the same Matter* faith, That these 4,400 Guineas, paid back to Sir Bazil, were in Four Bags, with r,ioo Guineas in each, brought to him by Robert within a Month last past:

And as to the 600 Guineas remaining of the 5,000, he, at first, said, He had spent the fame; and then, being afterwards examined to the same Matter, did lay, They were at home in his Study; that he may have spent some 1 The reason why he paid back the 4,400 Guineas was, the Noise that it made, and that People might think he did not deserve them:

That the whole 5,500 Guineas were for his own private U fe; and that he might give them to his Footman.

Sir Bazil Firebrace depofeth,

That the East India Company's Charter being forfeited, Sir Thom. Cook, and others, applied themselves to him, observing him active, and to have Interest among Noble'* men, to endeavour the procuring a new Charter:

That Sir Thomas Cook wa3 apprehensive, that it (tuck with the Duke of Leeds', and told him, this Deponent, That some way must be found out to the Duke: He therefore applied himself to Mr. Bates, who would not pretend to talk With the Duke; but laid, He, the Deponent, must tell him what the Company would do:

That Sir Basil told him, He thought a Present might be made of Two or Three thousand Pounds: That Mr. Bates went to St. James's; and said, He had spoke to his Friend, aind that more had l>een offered on the other Side: At»another time he said, More was offered by our Side: At last, laid, 5,000l. hud been offered, by another Hand, oti the l'anrte Side; and ttat this Deponent did not come up to the Market: That he acquainted Sir Thomas Cookb with this PrOposal; who laid, if it was inlisted on. it must be done; and I'd it was agreed to offer 5,000 Guineas i Bates then laid, This was nothing to him he ought ntdt to be employed for nothing: So tills Deponent was forced

(applied frOnV die Original.

to

7 W. III. 27° Aprilis- 323

to go back to Sir Tho. Cook for new Orders: And so Advantage to them in passing the Charter, and the Ael Kximination 5A0 Guineas were given hkn besides: of Parliament, would he worth 10,000 /. amonft them: of Herioiw

That, at first, Bates said, He would undertake no fur- That be, this Deponent, did intend a Distribution of all " Cook^ ther, than that the Duke lhoul,d not oppose, but be silent; the 30,000l. in manner following; To Sir Eduard 1 because he did not know but the Duke had engaged SeyMr. Gut/, and 10,000l. in cale himself by having spoke on the other Side: the Charter, and Act of Parliament, passed; to the Mer-

That he, this Deponent, did except against this; be- chants Interlopers, 10,000/; and to himseltj 10,000l.; cause lie would not let the Company's Money go far That he thought himself obliged in Honour to pay nothing: And it would reflefit upon him, that nothing Two-thirds of the 5,000l. when received, to Sir John appeared to be done for it: Tre and Mr. and the other («) [Third], which It was then agreed, That if the Duke did act in favour he designed for Sir Edu ard Seymour, he, this Deponent, of the Company, tlrat he should have 2,oooo, and 3,000 kept for himself: That Sir John Trevor did afterwards Guineas; and Bates 500 Guineas for himself: give him lbmc Hints of his Expectations.

He, this Deponent, would have put off his 500 Guineas Mr. Acton delivered in an Account in Writing of le-

to the last; but Bates said, His Friend would have him veral Perf'ons, among whom he had distributed several have the 5°° Guineas to himself lint. Sums of Money; which Account is hereunto annexed*,

Sir Badl produced a Copy of Mr. Bates' Receipt of a ' He faith, That Mr. had a Sum of Money given

Note of 3,otn> Guineas, which he thereby promised not to him, which is included in Graggs' Money, in his Account call for till tire Charter should pal's: The Original he had mentioned.

giveri b&fck when the Money was paid; and had not taken Several of the Gentlemen of the Committee of the to Cdpy of the Counter-note for the 2,500 Guineas: East India Company, that were appointed for inspecting

That after the First Charter was passed, in October, he the Books, and examining the Accounts of the East India font to Mr. Bates, that he might call for the Money: And Company, attended; and delivered in some Papers,

Ire did call for it in Two or Three Days: That the other drawii up itl the Nature of a Report, to that Company:

Note was paid within a Week after the Pafling of tire A Copy of which is hereunto annexed.

Second Charter: Prom the time the Notes were given, Sir Josiah L'/«7r/, being examined, laid, He nev^r dif-

they had free Aceefs to the Lord Prelid wit, and lound poled of 10/. of the Company's Money, to his Remem-him ealy and willing to give us his Afliftantie: brance; always afteCHng Ignorance in that Matter: Said,

That Mr. Batts was ihy, and culled it his Eriend at He did recommend Mr. as being aii honest Alan;

St. James': That the Condition of one Draught, which and thought he might do Service to the Company, in Mr. Bates brought, was Worded, " in case the Lord Duke Parliament, because of his 'Acquaintance:

" did not aflil't the Company in passing the Charter:" That he did recommend it, That a present of 50,000l.

To which this Deponent made an Alteration, by putting Jfliould be made to the King, if his Majesty would so far out my Lord's Nuine* and making it not payable, in cale wave his Prerogative, that an Act of Parliament might the Charter should not pass: Bates laid, It came from be passed for settling the Company: But Mr, told

his Friend at St. James': him, The King would not meddle in that Matter:

That, about a Week before the Money was brought That he knew nothing of the 40,000 paid to Sir back again, this Deponent went to Bates about it, who Basil FiSays, there was a kind of a Commit-

then told him, It was all for himself: tee of 25 Persons, that fat de die in diem, to destroy the

That, on Sunday Night last, or Monday, Bates, being Company, and he told Sir Tho Cooke, That he thought

at his own House, laid, He had not the Money by him; Sir Basil the fittelt Person to divide them, but he would lttch it: And that the Money, he thought. Air. Atwell produced his Calli-Books; by which it

was in Silver; but afterwards laid, it was only a Mistake; appeared, That

and had brought it in Gold; which by Computation carte cf Oclob. 93. Mr. Bates had received - 545 6 3

to the same Sum: - 1 oO- - - - -2,181 5 —

That when this Deponent told him, That Sir Thomas 16 Novemb. - - 3,275-

Cook would not take the whole back again, Bates laid, And said. The Aloney was paid by Order of Sir Thomas

He could give no Answer to it, till he had spoke with Cook.

his Friend. Mr. Bates, being examined again, laid, fie believed

This Deponent faith, That, on Mondayhlt, 500 Guineas the Aldney might be paid, as the Books expressed: And were left at his House, by Air. Clyve,a Friend of Sir John further owned, That he had not 4,400 Guineas, in his Trevor's, who laid, He brought it from Sir John Trevor, House on Sunday (b) [Night] last; and that the 4,400 to whom Sir Thomas Cook had before paid it with his own Guineas, which he paid back to Sir Tirebrace, was Hands, under colour of an Arrear for Four or Five brought to him by Aloniieur Roburt, on Tuesday Morn-Years, as he had been Commissioner of the Great Seal: ing last, Fight a Clock.

And he, this Deponent, was present when Sir Thomas Mr. Tyssen, being examined, said, That Sir Thomas Cook gave it: Cook and Sir Josiah gave him a Note, under their

There was, at another time, 200 Guineas ordered to Hands, for 50,000l. which was intended to be presented be given to Sir John Trevor, for a New-Year's Gift, by to his Majesty, if his Majesty would pass an Act of Par-Sir Jos. Herne. fiament, as they should desire: And that he acquainted my

That, as to 20,000l. of the 30,000 /. before-mentioned, Lord Portland with the Company's Intention to make such the same Sums were not actually paid till since Lady-day; a Present i who told the Deponent, That the King would and, as to the other 10,000l. he has it now in Stock in not meddle with it:

the East India Company: AnJ being hiked, If he had offered the same to my

That as to 5,000l. Part of the said 30,00 01.;one Lord Portland, denied that he had so done; laying, If Third Part thereof he did delign to Sir Edward Seymour; he had, he must never have leen his Face more, one Third to Sir John Trecor;and the other Third to And the said Deponent faith, That, when he u'as exa-Alr. Guy: That he offered the same to them by Mr. Guy; mined before the Iloule of Commons, he did not take it. but Mr. Guy told this Deponent, They did not desire to that the 10,000l. given to his Majesty was (c) [included] meddle with the Stock, hut would do any Service to in the Sum charged upon Sir Thomas Cooke, being before promote getting the Charter: And, Sir Edward Seymour the Date of any Order for that Aloney. afterwards meeting this Deponent, he, the said Sir Ed- "Mr. Craggs, being examined, gave an Account how ward, chid him for that Proposal; and told him, If he he had disposod and applied 4,540 /. with which lie was made any more such Proffers, he would never have any charged by Mr. Acton; which Account is annexed: And thing more to do with him: denied that he ever paid any Money to any Member of

That he, this Deponent, did tell Air. Guy, That the Parliament.

(a) Supplied from the Original. (fi) Supplied from the Original. (v) " Intended" in the Journal.

Vo l. XI. Mr.

Examination of Persona mentioned by SirT. Cook.

324

1693.

January

13.

16.

20.

?3.

Sir Bazil Firebrace.

To John Shore To Alphonso Rodriguez To Doctor Stewart -To Charles Shales -To William Ferrett-

27° Aprilis.

Mr. Hornby's Account. Dr.

A. 1695.

200 ——

420 ——

1693.

Decemb.

January

80

3.50 ----- -- February

150 ——

814 7 — March

----- -1694.

----- -April

----- May

— June

----- -July

24. To John Howard - - 232

26. To William Clark - - 280

3»- To Charles Shales - - 200 — —

February 5- To Richard Goodall - 99

10. To Rowland Harris - 100

H. To Doctor Wm. Stewart - 150

20. To Tho. Steers - 300

March 2. To John Turner, junior - 212 10 —

6. To Burrell and Lifter - 105

7- To John Swan - 436

8. To Sir Stev. Evans- - 210

9- To Charles Shales - - 200

To Peter Power - 487 10 —

14. To the Earl of Devon - 403 a q

21. To Jofias Davis, 350 Guin. 385 — —

To Mr. Swan . 520

23. To Cha. Shales - 534

1694. 29- To Sam. Bultell - 177 1 8

3»- To Alvaro De Costa - 850

April 3. To Win. Hamond - - 420

5- To Robert Harrison - 31.5

To Peter and Pirrellenriquez 342

To Geo. Garves - 4.VJ

7- To Peter Monger - - 450

»9* To Sam. Clarke - 221(a) [04]

24. To William Raphe - - 140

‘*7- To himself, in Gold - 55

May the 4. To Wm. Ferret - 250

8. To Edward Shaller - 7i 19 —

11. To Peter Burrell - - 100

14. To that 8th - - 77 19 —

To Charles Shales - - 205

17- To Sam. Clark - 210

22. To Captain Tho. Read 84 (J) [6 7]

To Robert Hackihaw - 105

24. To Wm. Clarke - 175

To Sir Step. Evans - - 140

25. To Sam. Clark - 100

29.

6.

24-

7-

»9-

22.

26.

12. 17

*9*

21.

24.

8.

»5-

1.

22.

7-

----- -August

26.

1.

2.

September 8. 13-14.

— October 1.

13-

17.

November 7. Decemb. 19. January 12.

Per Contra.

By John Langham, Pt. 59. 30

By Note per Portmans - 5,000 BytheOwners of ShipSuccefe 429 By Sir Step. Evans and! , ^Company - -}'2'500

By several Goldsmiths - 525

By Robert Fowle and Comp. 80 By the East India Comp. - 722

By ditto - - - 680

By Edmund Portmans - 403

By Richard Hoar - - 100

By John Braffey - - 106

By Edward Vernon - 100

By Smith and Ward - 146

By Money - - -1,000

By Coggs ... 70

By Note - - - 77

By Mr. , Swan - - 163

By Geo. Finch, 1,0003 Guineas - -J By Edward Allen - - 500

By Sam. Shepard & Comp. 1,000 By Mary Finch 350

By Owners of Ship Success 805

Cr.

<L

7 6

10

9

5

10

9

8 —

10 —

'9 "

12 o

1,100 ——

12 6

7

10 —

March

1695.

April

15*

30.

22.

By John Langham, Pt. 59. 11

By Shales and Mertins - ill By Sir Steph. Evans & Comp. 269 By John Sweetapple - 426

By John Langham, in full,59. 18 ——

By Richard Congers - 48 ——

By Robert Fowl and Comp. 1,000 — —

By Barth. Layton - - 100 ——

By Owners of Ship Succcfe 1,000 -

By Edmund Portmans - 2,000 — —

By ditto - - -1,500 ——

By the East India Comp. - 1,000 -

By ditto - - -1,500 ——

By the Owners of Ship")

Success -J

2,912

10 —

Errors excepted,

For Jos. Homeby, and myself. Nath. Homeby.

June the

2b.

8.

12.

14.

16.

20.

27.

30.

July the 3.

4.

5-

9-

20.

2.

To Wm. Ferret To Sam. Clark To ditto

To Sir Stev. Evans -To Jonath. Jones -To Wm. Ferret To ditto

To Sir Ben. Newland To Mr. Russel To John Swan To Wm. Johnson -To Andrew Lopez -To John Swan To Newner Fernandes

150 ——

164 — ____

10 — 6 8 >3 4

August

102

68

136

3*7

100

154

132

326

80

240

450

150

11

10

»5

To Peter & Pierre Henriquez 200 — -__

10.

18.

20.

To John Swan To Burrell and Lifter To Sam. Clark To Jof. Bainton To Thom. Drake -To Tho. Firmin

132

65

65

81

81

97

September 1.

4-

5-

30th. To Nath. Hornby, for a Horse 13

To Aaron Kinton -To Cha. Peers To Dan. Morley -To Edward Smith -To Sam. Clarke To Nath. Tench, Esquire

4«. o d.in the Journal.

Supplied fium the Original.

79

50

50

100‘

130

100

16

16

5

5

10

3

8

8

Sir

7 W. III.

1~f Aprilis,

Sir Bazil Firebrace.

September 7.

October

14.

17-

22.

24.

27-

2.

6.

8.

9-

12.

15-

Dr.

£ s.

ToDan.Wigfalland Company 07 10 — To TI10. Drake -To Tho. Chappell

65

- 50 — —

50 ——

(a)[20] ——

- 100 — —

To Adam Spencer To Henry Bourn -To Il'aac Nunes -To Geo. Savage - - 36

To Robert Fletcher - 50

To Dan. Morley - 50

To Mr. Hayton - - 176

To Doctor Stewart - 40

To Matth. Kendrick - 15.5

To Wm. Ferret - - 100

16 6

15 8

»7‘ To Eliah Collet - - 50 —

19. To Tho. Bates - so —

To Tho. Farnham - J03 8 —

To Jon. Wells - 100

20. rl 0 Wm. Ferret - 50

To Edward Smith - - 100

2 3- To Richard-Leeds - - 39 14 6

24. To John Knight - 481 16 9

To Wm. Ferret - 140

November 2. To ditto - 100

9- To hen Raye 61 5 6

JO. To Wm. Ferret 60

13. To Dan. Moriey - - 100

To Edward Dravner - 76 — —

14. ToAbr. Willmer - - 1,350

17- To Wm. Ferret - 10.5

ip- To Simon Baxter - - 169 6 —

To Eduard Drayner - 64

23- To Sir Benj. Newland -1,000

27- To Adam Spencer - - j00 — —

December 1. To Jonath. Wells - - 105

To Peter Wallis - - 100 — —

4- To William Ferret - . ,56

10. To ditto - 145 -

14- To William Stanlake 50

22. To himself, in Gold - 56 13 4

29. To William Ferret - 141

January 4. To Tho. Steers - 166 15 —

5- To Tho. Bates 80

8. To John Swan, 50 Guineas 56 To Cha. Shales - - 40

17 6

11. To Abr. Wilmer - S60

14- To Row land Aynfu orth - 137 10 —

22. To Sir Ben. Newland - 280

23- To Arthur Shallet - . 270 5 —

24. To Robert Fletcher - 80

To Wm. Ferret . 135

28. To Edu-ard Barradel 100 — —

February To Wm. Ferret - 100

9- To ditto - 139

15- To Wm. Hammond 90

22. To Wm. Ferret 130

25- To Abr. Wilmer - - 92 10 6

26. To Tho. Coulfbn - 815

March 6. To Wm. Pate - 144

9- To Tho. Steers - 294 13 —

To Tho. Langham - - 500

19- To Wm. Ferret - 280

1695. Apr. 4. To Daniel Wigfall - - 69 13 4

8. To Tho. Drake - 65

9- To Sam. Clark - 130

10. To Wm. Ferret 224

16. To ditto 200

Errors excepted,

For Jos. Hornby, and myself. Nat. Hornby.

33$

Examination of Persons mentioned bj Sir T. Cook.

(a) u 200 in the Journal.

(б) Supplied from the Original.

Vo 1. XI.

4 o Mr.

Examination of Persons mentioned bjr Sir T. Cook* i 693.

January 23. February 26.

1694.

April 5.

6.

n.

*9-5-16.

June 16.

0€lober 22.

May

Sir Baal Firebrace

To Calli paid Mr. Allen -To ditto -To ditto £. I

Mr. Abr. Wilmer 2,000 J* Sir Fr. Child - 2,250J To Sir John Lowther To Calli To ditto -

Toditto, PartofaNote, May4 250 ——

To ditto -

To ditto, Mr. Abr.Shallet To Jof. and Nath. Hornb\ f To Calli £.

Decemb. 21. < Sir Fr. Child - 800!

[Mr. Coggs - - 400J

To ditto

To ditto, Part, Dec. 29.

To ditto To ditto To ditto To ditto

To Ben. Skinner February 5. To Calli 9. To ditto

28. To Calli, Mr. John Cook March 4. To ditto

9. To (b) [Sir] Nich. Butler 1,193 1695«Apr. 5. To Calli 62

23. To ditto, Mr. Atwill and Co. 5,500

24. To ditto, by Mr. John Cook 5,000

27* Aprilis.

Mr. Fowles's Account.

Dr. Per Contra

£ s. d. 1693.

2,900 ----- -Decemb. 19. By Calli received

55 ----- --January 3. By ditto

8. By ditto

4,250 — — 1694.May4. By ditto Decemb. 29. By ditto -110 84 January 7. By ditto-

55 4 4 16. By ditto-

55 4 2 25. By ditto, 100 G.

A. 1695.

10,000

5,000

5,000

425

1,300

2,584

3,280

(c) [110]

Cr.

s. d.

13

175 ——

400 ——

1,000 — —

1,200 — —

1,300 ——

1,100 ——

50 ——

40 ——

30 ——

50 ——

50 ——

10 ——

20 ——

2,666 («)[i3 4]

62 10 —

19 — IO —

Robert Fowle.

Robert Fowle.

Mr. ACton's Account.

To Mr. James Craggs -

To Colonel Goldwell -To Mr. Cupper -To Mr. James CrelTet

To Mr. Killigrew -To Colonel Dean -To Mr. Tho. Lloyd -To Mr. Edw. Ridley -To Mr. Tho. Pullen - -

To Colonel Phil. Darcy

To Mr. Edw. Roberts -

To Mr. Paul Duckmenee -

To Colonel Vaughan -To Expences in Two Sessions To myself, for advancing Money, and!

Interest, and Gratuity - /

4,540 -

1.000 -

103 15 — 200 ——

50 ——

50 ——

350 ——

500 ——

50 ——

300 ——

200 ——

500 ——

150 ——

1,300 ——

2.000 -

Mr. Craggs' Account More in Expences for the Year 1692 -More in Expences for the Year 1693 -More in Expences for the Year 1694 -More for Encouragement of my Friends' and Self to subscribe 7,000 - ‘

More for my own Pains and Solicitation" in the Company's Affairs, to prevent a new Settlement, and endeavouring to j establish the old Ealt-India Company J

39° ——

460 — — 410 ——

350 ——

1,468 — —

In all -

Ja. Craggs.

- 4,540 ——

£. s. d.

1,150 ——

£ 11,293 15

Mr. Cragg's Account.

An Account of the Disposal of 4,5401, which I received of Mr. Acton j which was distributed in the Manner

following;

To Mr. Wm.Wallis, for his Solicitation' and Encouragement to engage in the Company's Stock and Interest -To Mr. Chudley, for his Pains and Soli-" citation -To Mr. Pudley, which was all, or the1 greatest Part, given to Mr. Ferguson, to the best of my Remembrance To Mr. Darcy 50 Guineas in Part of Solicitation and Application in the Company's Affairs -

To Mr. Roberts, in Part for the fame

100 ——

104 ——

54 ——

54 ——

Mr. Bates' Receipt.

I Charles Bates, of Westminster Esquire, do hereby acknowlege to have received of Sir 77/o. of,

Knight, one Note, signed by William for himself

and Company, dated the 8th Instant, and payable to myself for Three thousand Guineas; which I promise not to receive, or alter the Property of, till such time as the Charter, now depending before their Majesties, for making of Regulations, Alterations, and Additions, to the Charter, and Stock, of the present East-ICompany, shall pass

the Great Seal of England: And in case the said Charter shall not pass the Great Seal, on or before the 25th Day of March next, I do hereby, for myself, my Executors and Administrators, covenant and agree with the said Sir Cook, his Executors and Administrators, to restoreand return the above-mentioned Note, in the same manner I received the fame: But if the said Charter shall pass the Great Seal, on or before the Day above-named, then the Money mentioned in the said Note, to remain tome without further Account for the fame. Witness my Hand and Seal, this 9th Day of September 1693.

Witness, Charles

B.F.

f aJ Supplied from the Original*

(b) " Mr" in the Journal.

(cj " too' in the Journal.

Refalved,

7 W. III.

270 — 29° Aprilis.

327

bokeof Resolved, That there does appear to this House, upon which he might be liable to, by reason of his discovering

Leeds' Im- the Report from the Committee of both Houses appointed to whom he paid and distributod several Sums of Money, peachment. to examine the Persons mentioned in the Report of Sir therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the Tho. Cook's Account, That there is sufficient Matter to im- East India Company; or for any Prosecution for such peach Thomas Duke of Leeds, President of his Majesty's Distribution: To which they defue the Concurrence of most Honourable Privy-Council, of High Crimes and this House.

The Duke

desires and is heard at the Bar.

Preventing counterfeiting Coin*

Sir T. Cook's Disclosures resolved hot to be fans factory.

Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Thomas Duke of Leeds, President of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Councjl, be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do go up to the Lords, and, at their Bar, in the Name of the House of Commons, and all the Commons of England\ impeach Thomas Duke of Leeds, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquaint them, That this House will, in due time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make good the lame.

Before the Message was carried up;

The House being informed, That the Duke of Leeds, was at the Door; and desired to be admitted into the House, to be heard;

Resolved, That the Duke of Leeds be admitted in, and heard.

Whereupon, a Chair was sent by the Serjeant, a little within the Bar, on the left Hand the Coming in; and the Serjeant had Directions to acquaint the Duke, That he might corue in:

And, the Doors being opened, the Duke came in, uncovered, making his Obeifances in the Passage, and at the Bar; and came up to the Chair:

And Mr. Speaker acquainted his Grace, That he might, if he pleased, repose himself in the Chair.

Whereupon, his Grace lat down in the Chair, and was covered: And, after a little Space, arose up again, and uncovered, spoke to the House, addrefiing himself to Mr, Speaker:

And, having ended his Speech, withdrew uncovered: The Mace being all the while on the Table.

Then Mr. Comptroller went to the Lords with the said Message.

O

Ordered, That Sir John Thompson, Mr. Henry Boyle, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Bridges, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Mr.

Bofcazcen, Sir Edward Abney, Sir Pope Blount, Mr.

Chadwick, Mr. Clarice, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Pelham, Sir Rowland Gityn, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Mr.

Harley, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir/ Valter Mr. Brockman,

Sir Christ. Musgrave, Mr. Gwydo withdraw into the

Speaker's Chamber, and prepare the Articles of Impeachment against the Duke of Leeds.

Mr. Comptroller reported. That he had been at the Lords, according to Order, and, at their Bar, impeached the Duke of Leeds of High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquainted them, That this House will, in due time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make good the fame.

And then the Committee withdrew.

And the House adjourned for half an Hour.

THE House being met;

Ordered, That Air. Solicitor-General, Sir Fran. Winington, Mr. Serjeant Blinco, be added to the Committee appointed to prepare Articles of Impeachment against the Duke of Leeds.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent counterfeiting and clipping the Coin of this Kingdom.

We are also to acquaint this House, That it is the Opinion of the Lords, That the Discovery made by Sir Thomas Cook, to the Committee of both Iioufes, is not fa-

tisfaftory, nor so full as to intitle bim to the Benefit of the

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That it js the Opinion of this House, That the Discovery made by Sir Thomas Cooke, to the Committee of both Houses, is not futisfaftory, nor so full as to intitle him to the Benefit of the Act made to indemnify Sir Thomas Cook from Actions, which he might be liable to, by reason of his discovering to whom he paid and distri- r buted several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company; or for any Prosecution for such Distribution.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them with the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That the Committee, who withdrew to pre- Duke of pare the Articles of Impeachment against the Duke of Leeds' Im-' Leeds, do report the same to the House upon Monday Peaclim€llt* Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 29° die Aprilis;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That tire Committee appointed to prepare Dl)]fe of Articles of Impeachment against the Duke of Leeds Leeds' Im-have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. pearhment.

And then the House adjourned for half an Hour.

THE House being met;

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and imprisonjn(. Sir John Franklyn: Sir T. Cook,

Mr. Speaker, &c.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for imprisoning Sir Thomas Cook Knight, Sir Bar'll Firebrace Knight, Charles Bates Esquire, and James and

restraining them from aliening their Estates: To which

o O

they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Fill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow after Twelve a Clock.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Cook was presented to the Di(to> House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner, pur-fuantto an Act of this present Session, hath been examined; and, with all Sincerity, discovered the full Truth of his Knowlege, concerning the Disposition of the several Sums of Money therein mentioned; and in case there be any Objection against the Petitioner's Discovery, he is ready, to the utmost of his Ability, to explain the fame, and comply with the said Act in all things thereby required:

That the Petitioner is informed, a Bill is now depending in the House for imprisoning the Petitioner until the End

Act made to indemnify Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions of the next Session of Parliament; whereby the Petitioner Vol. XI. will

*The Chaplain.

Duke of Leeds' Impeachment.

29° — 30°

A. 1695,

will not only be restrained from all Trade and Commerce, wherein the Petitioner is very much engaged; but all'o Penalties are thereby laid on the Petitioner, without giving him any manner of Opportunity to ease himself thereof: And praying, That he may be permitted to be heard against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House; or otherwise to be relieved, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will graciously please to bellow some Preferment in the Church upon Mr. Barton, Chaplain to this House.

Mr. Comptroller, according to Order, reported from the Committee appointed to prepare Articles of Impeachment against the Duke of Leeds, That they had prepared the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and are as followed); viz.

Articles of Impeachment exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgeli'es, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England, against Thomas Duke of Leeds, President of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, for High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

1. That certain Merchants, trading to the having either forfeited their Charter, or being under an Apprehension that they had forfeited the fame; and having made their humble Applications to their Majestics in Council, for obtaining a Charter of Confirmation; the said Duke of Leeds, being then President of their Majestics most Honourable Privy-Council, and sworn to give their Majestics true and faithful Advice, did, contrary to his Oath, Office, and Duty to their Majesties, and in Breach of the great Trust reposed in him, by himself, his Agents or Servants, corruptly and illegally treat, contract, and agree, with the said Merchants, or their Agents, for five thousand Five hundred Guineas, to procure the said Charter of Confirmation, and also a Charter of Regulations; or to use his Endeavours to obtain the fame.

2dly, That, in Pursuance of such corrupt Contraft and Agreement, the said Duke of Leeds did, by himself, his Agents, or Servants, receive or accept from the said Merchants, or their Agents, certain Notes, or Securities, whereby he or they were impowered to receive the said

5.500 Guineas, upon the Palling of the said Charters.

3dly, That soon after the Palling of the said Charter of

Confirmation, the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Guineas, Part of the said 5,500 Guineas; and soon alter the Passing of the said Charter of Regulations, the further Sum of Three thousand Guineas, other Part of the said

5.500 Guineas; were, pursuant to the said corrupt Contract and Agreement, actually received by the said Duke of Leeds, or by his Agents or Servants, with his Privity and Consent.

And the said Knights, Citizens, and BurgeUes, by Pro-testation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusation or Impeachment against the said Thomas Duke of; and also of replying to the Answer, that the said Thomas Duke of

Leedslliall make unto the said Articles, or any of them, or of offering Proof of the Premises, or any other Impeachments or Accusations, that shall be exhibited by them, as the same shall, according to the Cours'e of Parliament, require; do pray. That the said Thomas Duke of Leeds be put to answer the said Crimes and Misdemeanors, and receive llich condign Punillimentas the same shall deserve: And that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may he upon every of them had and uled, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

Then the same were read a Second time, Paragraph by Paragraph; and the Three Articles agreed unto by the House.

Then the Saving was read a Second time:

And an Amendment being proposed, to leave out the Word " condign;" the same was agreed unto by the House.

And then the Saving was agreed unto, lb amended.

Ordered, That the Articles of Impeachment be in-grofled.

And they were so.

The Articles of Impeachment ingrossed were read.

Ordered, That the said Articles of Impeachment be carried up to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the said Articles of Impeachment to the Lords.

Mr. Comptroller reported, That he had carried up the said Articles of Impeachment to the Lords.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Adjourn-posed, That the House do adjourn till Tomorrow Morn- n>ent* ing, Eleven a Clock;

An Amendment was proposed, to leave out " Eleven a Clock

And the Question being put, That those Words stand in the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

' [Mr. Cooke: ( 3

T , c.1 xt fSir Sam.

lellers for the Noes,-c. r.. c

[Sir IP m. ocatven:

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Matiis, 30* die Aprilis;

7" Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he did last Letter from Night receive a Letter from Sir Thomas Cooke: SirT. Cook. And the same was read; and is as followeth;

Honoured Sir, Tracer, Apr. 29, 1695.

I being informed by some Friends, That it is expected by the House, that I should give a further Account, in Writing, relating to the Discovery how the 10,258 /. hath been disposed of; which I am very ready and willing to comply with, to the utmost of my Power; and therefore make it my most humble Request, That the Commissioners of Accounts, for taking the publick Accounts of the Nation, who are, by the late Act impowered to take nty Confessions, would be pleased to lend for me this Night, or Tomorrow Morning, I being resolved to make all the Discovery I know, or can m ike: And shall, to that end, readily and truly answer to all further Questions the Commissioners shall, upon such my Discovery, think fit to interrogate me upon: And herein you will very much oblige, Sir,

Your most obliged

Servant to command,

Tho. Cooke.

Sir Henri/ Ashurstreported from the Committee, to Reverting

w hom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leister'* for revel ling the Attainder of Jacob aval others, Attainder,

was re-committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Tabic.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be re-committed; . '

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} 84'

Tellers for the } 88.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion

7 W. III.

3 o° Aprilis. — i0 Mali.

3*9

A Motion being tnade, and the Question being put, That the Bill be now read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

FMr. Arnold, ")

Tellers for the Yeas,

Telle.for.heNo

So it passed in the Negative.

87.

Comptnint of Words spoken by a Member.

A Complaint being made to the House, by Colonel

not declined to answer to such Questions, as the Committee of both Houses asked him; nor shall he, at any time, decline answering, according to Truth, as the House shall require: That he is informed, a Bill is now before this House for imprisoning the Petitioner, and others; and restraining them from aliening their Estates: That the Petitioner hath, for many Years past, been daily engaged in Trade and Commerce; from which, also, by this Bill, the Petitioner will be restrained: And praying, That he may be heard, at the Bar of this House, against the said Bill; and that such Clauses may be added thereto, that the

Beaumont, a Member of this House, That, upon a Divi- Petitioner may bedischarged from his Confinement, upon

..... ‘ his giving good Security for his Appearance; and that he'

may be indemnified for what he has already discovered,

mm.

it.

Supply Bill; Duties on dais,&c.

Imprisoning Sir T. Cook, &c.

Ad of Graca.

fion of the House the last Night, he going out of the House, feme Words were said to him by Sir JViliutm Forester, another Member of this House, thereupon, fit for the House to take Notice of; which Words were written down;

Ordered, That Sir William Forester do attend, in Lis Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glals Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for imprisoning Sir Thomas Cook, Sir Charles Bates Esquire, and James; and restraining

them from aliening their Estates; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate. RtJolveil, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Put:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords, to let this House know, That his Majesty has been pleased to fend a Bill, intituled, An Act for the King's moll Gracious, General, and Free Pardon; which the Lords have humbly accepted, and passed, and now fend down to this House.

Aud then the Mefi'engei s withdrew.

according to the Promile of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Charles Bates Esquire was presented to imprisoning the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner *Ir- Bate,» is very much concerned for having fallen under the Dif- c* pleasure of this House; and that, in case he hath not given full Satisfaction in his Discovery to the Committee of both Houses, the Petitioner hopes the House will impute it to his Age and Infirmity, and the great Dilbrder he was in, at the time of his Examination: That the Petitioner is informed, a Bill is now depending in this House, from the Lords, for imprisoning the Petitioner, Sir Cook, Sir Buz. Firebrace, and James Craggs; and retraining them from aliening their Estates; and that the Petitioner hath reason to apprehend such Confinement will endanger the Petitioner's Life: And praying, That he may be admitted to Bail for his Appearance, from time to time, as both Houses shall require.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

t,

h

fluke of

Leds' im-jt&icbmeof.

A MetTage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and

Mr. Aleredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

Wre are commanded by the Lords, to acquaint this House, That the Duke of Leeds having this Day put in his Answer to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, their Lordships have sent a Copy of the said Answer to this House.

And then the Meficngers withdrew'.

The said Answer was read; and is as followeth;

The Answer of Thomas Duke of Leeds to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

This Defendant, saving to himself all Advantages of Exception to the said Articles, humbly faith* That he is sot guilty of all or any the Matters by the said Articles Charged, in Manner and Form as the same are, by the said Articles, charged against him.

Vera Copia. Leeds.

Matth. Johnson,

Cler. Parliament or.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to prepare the said Articles of Impeachment, do consider of, and prepare, a Replication to the said Answer: And that they do meet this Afternoon at Seven a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Imprisoning A Petition of Sir Bazil Firebrace was presented to the trice*£*' ^ou('e> anc* read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath ' V OL.XI.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself Dltta* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Herbert Crofts took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Herbert Crofts reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 1* Mail; 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

SIR Herbert Crofts, according to Order, reported, Imprisoning from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Sir T. Cooke, the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for &c* imprisoning Sir Thomas Cooke, Sir Bazil Firebrace, Charles Bates Esquire, and James Craggs; and restraining them from aliening their Estates; was committed; the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delive red in at the Clerk s Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Prets 1.L. 21. leave out " Sir Thomas Cooke'

L. 25. leave out " without Bail or Mainprize."

L. 29. after " And" insert, " be it enacted, by the " Authority aforesaid."

4 P 35.

1° Mail.

Supply Bill; Duties on Glass, &c.

Conferenct with Lords.

L. 35. after "this," insert M or any other.*'

I'refs 2. L. 9. leave out from " contracted," to " pro* " vided," L. 13; and insert " upon valuable Considera* " tions."

At the End of the Bill, add Clauses A, B.

Clause A: For discharging Sir Basil Firebrace, Mr. Bates, and Mr. Craggs, from their Imprisonment, upon

A 1695.

their giving good Security to appear the First Day of the tion Tomorrow Morning.

the fame, on the Part of the Lords; and that they do agree to the Amendments, except to Clause A; because they conceive there is no reason to except the Ship mentioned in the said Proviso only, when many others are concerned in the same Nature; which Exception, if allowed to all, will take away the whole Intent of this Bill. Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Considera*

next Sdlion; and so, from time to time, during the Session, as either House shall require.

ClauseB: That Sir Firebrace may give his Daughter, in Marriage, such Portion as he has agreed to give, not exceeding 20,0001.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That such Persons as deal bona Jide with Sir Tfto. Cook, and pay for what they buy, shall not be farther accountable for the fame:

And the Clause was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty certain . Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against Frame, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 9. L. 24- to insert, after " waterborne," " in order to be shipped And the Question being put, That the said Words be inserted 1

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

for the Yeas,$; }

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr.io. L. 14. after "Importation," to insert " on Landing And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to Duke of prepare the Articles of Impeachment against the Duke of Leed*lin* Leeds, do consider what is the proper Method to compel pedt men Witnesses to come in, and give their Evidence, upon Trials of Impeachments; and report the same to the House.

The ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for imprisoning Sir Thomas Cooke, Sir Bazil Firebrace, &e.

Charles Bates Esquire, and James Craggs; and reltraining them from aliening their Estates; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to the Bill, for the bailing of Sir Thomas Cooke:

And the Question being put, That the same be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^r'r£w^/r

' Sir IVm.

jj.it

ur.:.

ten:

Tellers for thp Noes JSir

lellers for the Aoes,:

}69.

68.

120.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Title, by leaving out, after " imprisoning," " Sir Thomas Cook," and inserting " Sir Thomas Cook" after " them which was agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Crofts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Duke of

Mr. Meredeth: lm!

Mr. Speaker, peac men

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That their Lordlliips conceiving the Session may

Mfi

fi'ciyi

P'-.erl

Ttl

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon not continue much longer, they think themselves obliged, Glafe Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and in Justice, to put this House in mind of the Impeachment

Culm, for carrying on the War against Frame.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

brought up against the Duke of Leeds: To which the Answer of the Duke of Leeds having been tranlinitted to this House, the Lords desire they may be acquainted, when this House can be ready to make good the Articles A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredeth and Mr, of the said Impeachment; to the end a certain Day may

be appointed by the Lords for that Purpose.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their -own.

And the Messengers were called in :»gain: And Mr.

Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

declaring the Commencement of an Act, intituled, An Act Speaker acquainted them therewith, for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France5 and for the Encouragement of Ordered, That the Answer of the Duke of to Ditt*.

Privateers; to be, from the Time that it passed the Royal the Articles of Impeachment against him, be referred to Assent; to wit, on the Fourteenth Day of March 1692. the Consideration of the Committee, to whom it was re-And then the Messengers withdrew. ferred to draw the said Articles of Impeachment: And

Resolved, That the House do agree to a Conference, as that they do consider what is to be done thereupon, ao the Lords desire. cording to the Course of Parliaments; and report the

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr. feme to the House.

Speaker acquainted them therewith. Ordered, That the said Message be referred to the Con-

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Brom- sideration of the said Committee. ley. Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir JVm. Cooper, Mr. Lutterell, Ordered, That the said Committee do meet this After- Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir John Thompson, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir noon at Six a Clock: And that they have Power to fend Rowland Gwynn, Lord Combury, Sir Cha.Sidley, Mr. for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ash, Mr. Finch, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir

diston, Sir John Guise, Mr. , Sir Eliah Harvey,

Sir Hen. Goodrick, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Harcourt reported. That they had met the Lords at the Conference; and that the Lord Bridgwater managed

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Committal. That all other Committees be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^£ ^Tredmiha }

Teller*

of

! llQ.

totll*

'W4I

Reverting

Leiller's

AiUmder.

The House interpole to prevent a Quarrel.

7 w. m.

TeHers for the , '

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

1® — 4°

} 34-

33i

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. llolford and Mr. Lord* defirs Pitt: licufe to

Mr. Speaker, Huin""*

The Lords have lent us, to ddire that this House loe*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow will lit for some time.

Morning, Nine a Clock. And then the Mclfrngers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fit feme time, as the ' ‘ Lords do desire.

Jovis 2* die Mail' And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr.

' ~ " Speaker acquainted them therewith.

7* Guliehni Tertii.

Pn

AYERS.

Pdole Writ.

fJRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ,

for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Poole, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Sir John Trenchard Knight, deceased.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the iogrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reverling the Attainder of Jacob Ldslcr, and others, be now read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for lire YeaJf!r

' [Sir H Young:

Tellers for the Noes /Sir J

lciici s for U1C JN oes, ^fr:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendments.

} 49-

J 36.

The House being informed, That Sir had font a Message to Sir Richard Onslow, occnfioned by some Words, spoken in the House by each of them; by which it may be apprehended, that there is a Quarrel between them; and that some ill Consequences may ensue, if not prevented; and that Sir Richard Onslozv is gone out of the House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow be summoned to attend this House, in his Place, immediately.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seymour do not go out of the House.

Resolution aguinll offering Hr i ties to Members.

Duke of Lml:>' Impeachment.

The House interpose to prevent a Quarrel.

Act of Grace.

Resolved, That the Offer of any Money, or other Advantage, to any Member of Parliament, for the promoting of any Matter whatsoever, depending, or to be transacted, in Parliament, is a high Crime and Misdemeanor, and tends to the Subversion of the English Constitution.

Ordered, That the Committee who were appointed to prepare the Articles of Impeachment against the Duke of Leeds, do withdraw into the Speaker's Chambers.

Sir Richard Onslow being come into the House;

Resolved, That Sir Edicard Seymour and Sir Richard Onslow be enjoined by this House, not to take notice of any Quarrel that hath happened between them in the House; and that they do pursue the same no further; and that they be required to stand up in their Places, and declare to the House, they will not do it.

And they both stood up accordingly in their Places, and declared, That they submitted to the Order of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill intituled, An Act for the King's most Gracious, General, and Free Pardon, be now read.

The Bill was read.

And, the same being signed by the King, the House fat uncovered all the Time of Heading.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed thereunto.

Vo 1.XI.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, who Oukeof were appointed to prepare the Articles of Impeachment against the Duke of Leeds, That they had considered of peac m* some of the Matters to them referred, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and is as followeth; v

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the proper Method to compel Witnesses to come in, and give their Evidence, upon Impeachments, is, in the first Place, to issue out Summons, from this House, to such Witnesses, for their Attendance.

Mr. Comptroller allb reported, That it appearing to the Committee, That Moulieur Robart is a material Witness, for making good the Articles of Impeachment against the Duke of Leeds; and that, at the time of the Examination of Witnesses, by the Committee of both Houses, he was a menial Servant to the said Duke; and that, he being summoned to attend the said Committee, the Messenger went to the said Duke's Lodgings, at St. James's j where he was informed, he, the said Robart, was gone to,

to the Lord Carmarthen's House there; whereupon the said Messenger went thither, in order to have him attend the said Committee; and brought Answer back to the said Committee, That when he came there, to Minims, he was told by the Servants, That the said Mr. Robart was there; but going in, and inquiring further after him, he was then told, that he was not there: And that, it being not yet known where the said Robart is, the Committee thereupon are of Opinion, not to make any further Progress in the Matters to them referred, untir the further Pleasure and Direction of the House be known.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the proper Method to compel Witnesses to come in, and give their Evidence, upon Impeachments, is, in the first Place, to issue out Summons, from this House, to such Witnesses, for their Attendance.

Ordered, That Monsieur Robart do attend this House forthwith, to be examined touching the Matter relating to the Duke of Leeds; and that he be summoned by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet again this Afternoon at Six a Clock, and consider further of the Matters before them.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Cmifereoce Pit: with Lords —

Mr. Speaker, Imprison-

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this- x'cooke, it c. House, in the Painted Charul»er, upon the Matter of the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for imprisoning Sir Thom. Cooke, Sir Basil -brace, Charles Bates Esquire, and James Craggs; and reltraining them from aliening their Estates.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do agree to a present Conference, as the Lords do de-lire.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That Sir Eduard Seymour, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Thom. Dyke, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Comptroller, Mr/

Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Heivy Hobart,

Mr. Clarke, Sir Eluib Harvey, Sir Herbert Crojis, Sir<£. Banutrdision, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pelham, Sir

I Palter

3J2 2* — 3" Mail. A. 1695.

Walter Young, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr. Bromley, Mr. fist upon the said Amendments, to which their Lordships

Arnold, Mr. Harvey ,do manage the said Conference. have disagreed.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned; And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, That the Morning, Nine a Clock.

Managers had met the Lords at the Conference; and that __________

the Lord Rochester managed it on the Part of the Lords; " *

and said, That it was desired by the Lords to preserve the , 3* die Mali;

good Corresponclence between both Houses; and that, in

case they could prevail with this House not to inlilt on ? Cuhelmi lertn.

their Amendments, the Matter would end in as good a Praters.

Correspondence, as the Committees of both Houses had A/f R. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Ser- a \Vitn begun: And that the Lords have disagreed to the First 1V1 jeant at Arms attending this House had informed a^mft it.,. Amendment, in leaving out Sir Thomas Cooler, because him, That his Mefl'enger had been at the Duke of Leeds, J>uke both Houses have declared their Opinion, That Sir Thomas and spoke to his Porter, and inquired for Monsieur Cooke has not made a full and satisfactory Discovery; and Robart, to summon him to attend this House, according , the Lords are doubtful, whether the Act, intituled, An to Order; and that the Porter said, He was not within,

Act to indemnify Sir Thomas Cooke from Actions, §c. nor could tell when he would be; and that he had not may not allow him to be bailed, by virtue of the Habeas seen him for Three Days past; and that he believed he corpus Act, at the Discretion of the Commissioners of Ac- was in the Country but could not tell where: And that counts; which is contrary to the Intention of their Lord- the Mefl'enger had left a Copy of the Order with the ftiips, who think a Matter of Inch extraordinary Nature, said Porter, and told him, He mud be sure to give it to that has been once under the Consideration of a Commit- Monsieur Robart as fuon as he could, tee of both Houses, is fit only for the further Examination

and Determination of Parliament: Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, who Ditt*.

And that, to all the other Amendments, made by the were appointed to draw the Articles of Impeachment against Commons, excepting Two, the Lords have disagreed; the Duke of Leeds, That they having received Informa-to wit, 3 hat made in the 29th Line of the ift Prels, and tion, by a Letter directed to Mr. Speaker, That Monsieur the Clause marked B; to which their Lordships have Robart had obtained a pass, in a talfe Name, from the agreed. ..... Secretary's Office, they have examined the Clerks of the

And, their Lordships conceiving, That most of the other Secretary's Office; and that, from them, they could not Amendments, made by the Commons, do chiefly relate to have any Information of any Pass given out, or made ule the bailing Three of the Persons mentioned in the Bill, as of? under a false Name: And that Mr. one of

it was lent from the Lords, they have directed their par- t|,e Clerks of that Office, who, by the Similitude of Hands, titular Reasons against the Clause marked A, .....; hoping, was thought to have written the Letter to the Speaker, de*

That if the Commons can be prevailed with todclift from ,jed it; but said, He is very well acquainted with Mr. that Amendment, they will the more easily be induced to Robart, and did use to meet him almost every Day; but agree with the Lords in all the rest; the Reasons for their Lad not seen him since the late Examinations, except on Lordships disagreeing with the Clause marked A. are, Monday la ft, where he saw him by the Corner of the Gar-because, 3 hey conceive, 3 he Persons mentioned therein den-wall, near St. James's, where he endeavoured to speak have not deftrved the Favour of the Tw o Houses; and if ]jjin about Business, but could not, Mr. Robart hal'ten* there may be any Prospect, that, in a future Session of ing away from him; nor could lie since meet him at those Parliament, a tulier Discovery of the Truth may be ob- Places w here he used to frequent, though he has endca-tained, the Lords are of Opinion, the likeliest way to at- voured so to do, having particular Business with him. tain that End is, That the Persons abovementioned be

not left at Liberty to dispose of their Effects, as allowed Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Confers* by the Amendments of the Commons, but that their w hole upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Message, the with L»r<W Estates may remain subjected to w hat Fines may be laid First Instant, relating to the Impeachment against the Duke upon them; in which Condition, the Lords conceive, they of Leeds.

ought to remain till they have given Satisfaction to both Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do go Houses; and if their Persons, as well as their Estates, be and desire the said Conference.

not, with the fti iCteft Care, preserved for the Justice of a Resolved, That the Lords be acquainted, at the said Con-future Session of Parliament, all future Inquiry into so ference, 3'hat the Commons will make good the Charge foul a Corruption will be wholly ineffectual. against the Duke of , in Manner and Form as in

the Articles mentioned; and that the Committee, who Then the First Amendment, Pr. 1. L. 2t. being read; were appointed to draw the said Articles, have been daily And the Question being put, That the House do insist employed in looking into the Evidence against the said upon the said Amendment; Duke; and that, in the Preparation of that Evidence, they

It pafl'cd in the Negative. meet with an Obstruction; that Monsieur who ap-

The next Amendment, L. 25. being read; peared, by the Depositions before the Committee of both

And the Question being put, That the House do insist Houses, to be a material Witness, is w ithdrawn, since the on the said Amendment; Impeachment carried up; which hath been the Reason the

It passed in the Negative. Commons have not yet acquainted their Lordships, when

The next Amendment, L. 35. being read; they can be ready to make good the said Impeachment;

And the Question being put. That the House do insist the Commons being desirous, that Justice may be done,

n the said Amendment; without any manner of Delay.

It passed in the Negative. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, That he

Amendment, Press 2. L. 9. being read; having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire

And the Question being put, That the House do insist a Conference, They do agree to a Conference immediately, on the said Amendment; in the Painted Chamber.

It passed in the Negative. Resolved, That the Persons who were appointed to draw

The Amendment of the Title of the Bill being read; the said Articles, do manage the said Conference.

And the Question being put, That the House do insist And the Managers went to the Conference, on the said Amendment; And, being returned;

It passed in the Negative. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, That they

Ordered, That Mr. Moutitaguedo carry the Bill to the had acquainted the Lords with what the House di-Lords, and acquaint them, That this House doth not in- reded.

*9 Ordered,

333

7 W. JIL 3° Mali. — 18* Junii.--3 — 17* Sept. — 8® Oct.

Letter concerning a Witness bfconding.

til iLt t c or '

.Adjourn-

ment*

Ordered, That the said Committee do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported, That one Mr. # had attended the Committee; and had owned, That he wrote the Superscription of the said Letter; and that Mr. Sorsolcil wrote the Infitle thereof; and that Mr. Vernon and he, of the Duke of Shreiosb Office, were fuin-moned to attend the Committee anon; and therefore moved, That the Committee may have Leave to meet again.

Ordered, That the Committee do meet to examine the Persons summoned.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do adjourn for Two Hours;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,(^r T}'omas D*ke>

[Air. Gztynn:

So it passed in the Negative.

} «9-

liefolved, That the Report from the Committee of both Houses be read.

And, the said Report being reading;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Sir Supply Bill;

LaconJVHhatn Child: "n

Mr. Speaker, Glafe'*c®

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Message t Gentleman Ullier of the Black Rod; attend the

Mr. Speaker, £l"*‘

The King commands this Honourable House to attfend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up.

And his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal A Sent g^IsAfl*nt to several Bills; and to make a gracious Speech to both Houses; and to prorogue the Parliament until Tuesday Parliament the l Sth Day of June next. prorogued*

Mari is, 18* die Junii;

Parliament

farther pro. Jogued.

7* GulielmiTertii.

THE Parliament being prorogued to tins Day; and the House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Fleetwood Gentleman LTflier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Com-

miftion, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing of this Parliament until Tuesday the 30th Day of July next.

And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly.

W

Mortis, 30* die Julii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

tehe!"*11* I Ml E Parliament being prorogued to this l3ay; and togued^ fTOm - tf>e House being met;

A Message was delivered by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was. read, for the proroguing of this Parliament until Tuesday, the J 7th Day of September next.

And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly,

Martis, 17* die Septembris;

Parliament farther pro. zogned.

7® Gulielmi Tertii.

THE Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and the House being met j A Message was delivered by Sir Fleetwood Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing of this Parliament until Tuesday, the 8th Day of October next.

And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly.

Martis, 8® die Octobris;

7® Gulielmi Tertii

Parliament H E Parliament being prorogued to this Day; and X the House being met;

uiutu< A Message was delivered by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd,

Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing of this Parliament until the 31 ft of October instant.

And the Parliament was prorogued accordingly.

Vol. XI.

4Q JOURNALS

Parliament

meet*.

Maflage to attend the King.

Paul Foley, Esq. chosen Speaker.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Parliamentum incept. & ten. apud Civitat. Westmonaft. Die

Veneris, 22° Die Novembr. Dei Gratia, Angliae, Scotiae Fidei Defenfor. &c. Septimo

ON which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting of this Parliament, about Ten of the Clock* the Right Noble the Duke of Lord

Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, came into the Room adjoining to the Court of Wards: And the Clerk of the Crown presenting a List of such Members as were returned to serve in this present Parliament; and the Clerk of the House of Commons attending, according to the Duty of his Place; the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed by the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of his now Majesty and the late Queen Mari/, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes, concerning the Afiem-bling and Sitting of this present Parliament, to several of the Members of the House of Commons; and afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, to several of those so sworn, to administer the Oaths to the rest of the Members of the House of Commons: And then departed.

And the Members which were to commissionated divided themselves into several Places, being attended by Air. Jodrell, the Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Needier, the Clerk Assistant, and other Clerks assigned for that Service; and, according to the Power given them by the said Commission, did administer the Oaths to all other Members w ho then appeared:

Which being done;

The Members repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons.

After which;

A Message was delivered from the King, by Sir Fleet-wood Shepherd, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him immediately in the House of Peers.

And, accordingly, the House went up' to attend His Majesty: Who was pleased, by the Right Honourable Sir John Somers, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, to command the Commons to return to their House, and choole their Speaker; and present him to his Majesty Tomorrow Morning.

And the House being returned;

Mr. Secretary Trumballhumbly moved. That Paul Foley

Esquire might be Speaker; he being a Person of known Ability and Experience, and every way qualified to discharge that Trust:

And being seconded by the Earl of therein;

Air. Foley was unanimously called upon, and conducted to the Chair by the Right Honourable Sir Henry Goodrich, and others: Where he acknowledged the great Honour done him, in calling him a Second time to that Chair; and returned his humble Thanks for the lame; but withal de-

Anno Regni Gulielmi Tertii, Francise, & Hibernian, Regis,; Annoque Domini 1695.

fired, The House would please to excuse him, and proceed to name feme other more able to serve them: Which the House would not do.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

J, JZ'ILLTAM Duke of Devonshire, Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, One of his Majesty's most Ho- Steward*, nourable Privy Council, and Knight of the most Noble Deputation, Order of the Garter, To All, to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office, have couiiituted, named, and appointed, and by these Presents do constitute, name, and appoint, Cha. Lord Marquis of Winchester, JVtn.Lord Paulct, Charles John

Smith, Goodwin Wharton, Anih.Lord

John Granvile, Paul Foley, Sir Harry Hobart, Sir Tho.

Mompcsson, Sir Edw. Abney, Andrexo Newport, Rob.

Harly, Matthew Harvey, Tho. Foley junior, Dutton Colt, James Morgan, Sir Matth. Tho.

Lewes, Rob. Henley, Sam. Travers, Sir Tho. Day, Sir Sam. Bernadiston, Wm. Coward Serjeant at Law, Cha.

Lord Spencer, Philip Sidney, Edw. Clarke, Tho.

Robert Moncton, Mountagu Drake, Henneag

Chr. Mountague, Esquire, Sir Hen. Goodrich, or any Six,

Five, Four, Three, Two, or One of them, my Deputies, and Deputy, in my place and stead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of his now Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes, concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess, or Baron of any of the Five Ports, for the Parliament summoned to begin, and to be holden, at this

Two-and-twentieth of November; and to take and receive the Oaths of every the said Person and Persons, which is, or shall be, elected or appointed Knight, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of any of the said Fi ve Ports, as aforesaid, for the said Parliament begun and holden on this Two-and-twentieth of November aforesaid; giving them, Six, Five,

Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my laid Deputies, or any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, shall do and perform in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had been personally present, and done the lame: In Teliituony whereof, I have

hereunto

7 W. III.

hereunto set my Hand and Seal. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Two-and-twentieth Day of November, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord William the Third, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, 8gc. Annoq. Domini i C95.

Devons'iiire. (r.. s.)

Sabbati, Novembris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

TBA Y£BS.

Mr.Speaker fT'HE House being met; and Mr. Speaker Elect approved of JL having taken the Chair;

by the King. jy Message was delivered, by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker Elect, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, and to present their Speakef:

And Mr. Speaker spake thus;

May it please your Most Excellent Majesty.

The Commons of England, assembled in Parliament by your Majesty's Writ, having no Capacity to speak here, or aft, according to the Course of Parliament, without a Speaker, have proceeded to the Choice of one, according to your Majesty's Command, thereby to fit themselves for the Service of your Majesty and your Kingdoms:

And, although they have Plenty of Choice of Members, every way more able and fit for this Employment than myself, they have determined their Choice on me; who am very fenlible of my own Infirmities, and thereby U11-fitneis to tranl'act such weighty Affairs as will be requisite to be determined this Session:

But not being able to prevail with them to excuse inc, they here attend your Majesty, iu full Parliament to present me to your Majesty, as their Speaker; who am ready, with your Majesty's Approbation, to serve your Majesty and them to the utinoft of my Ability.

Whereupon, flie Right honourable the Lord Keeper acquainted the 1 louse, That his Majesty had been pleased to approve of the Choice they had made; and allowed of Mr. Foley to be Speaker.

W'hereupon, Mr. Speaker returned his Majest v Thanks for his gracious Approbation, and Acceptance of his Service: And humbly prayed, in the Name of the Commons, )That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to allow and confirm all their ancient Rights and Privileges; particularly, That they might have Liberty and Freedom of Speech in all their Debates; That their Persons, Estates, and Servants, might be free from Arrests and Troubles; That they might have Accels to his Royal Person, as Occasion shall require; That his Majesty would have a gracious Opinion of ail their Actions; and that, if himself at any time should mistake, he might have his Majesty's favourable Interpretation, and gracious Pardon.

Whereupon, the Lord Keeper, by his Majesty's Command laid, That his Majesty was pleased to say, That he was fully allured of the Prudence and Discretion, as well as of the Affections, of his House of Commons; and that, as to the Suit made in their Name, his Majesty did most willingly grant to them all their Privileges, in as full a manner as they were ever granted by any of his Royal Predecessors.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, being returned;

He reported to the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to confirm their Choice; and to grant them all their Privileges, in as large a Manner as ever they were enjoyed by any House of Commons.

And, afterwards, Mr. Speaker returned the House his Thanks for the great Honour they had done him, in calling him to that Place; and desired their Assistance and Support, without which it would be impossible for him to answer tlicii; Expectation: And recommended to them, Vol.XI.

335

That, in order to the good Management of this Sessions, they would please to come early in a Morning; for that a great Part of the Day had been formerly loft by Gentlemens coming late to the House; and that now there was great Reason to improve their Time, their being like to tail before them Matters of great Moment, and many disputed Elections; and, if they did not comp early, there would be no Determination of those Matters, and the Persons concerned would be put to great Expences, of which formerly there had been great Complaints: Also,

That they would give a due Regard to the Orders of the House; — The fianding Orders, that were made by their Predecessors, upon great Experience, and grounded upon great Reaion; — that if they once slighted and overthrew Siem, they might come to Confusion quickly: Also, That they would consult the Honour of the House; to the Dignity whereof) they owed very much of their Liberties and Properties in all times; left, by any Misbehaviour of theirs, they should bring the House into Contempt, and thereby endanger the making a Way for the Overthrow of their Constitution: Withal, begging their Pardon, That, out of a Zeal for their Service, lie had put them in mind of those things.

Then the House proceeded to the taking the Oaths Mr. Speaker appointed in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty and Member* and the late Queen Maty; and the making, repeating, ta,£e Oath*, and subscribing, the Declaration, directed by the Statute, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, by disabling Papists to fit in either House of Parliament:

And Mr. Speaker, first alone by himself in the Chair, and afterwards a great Number of the Members of the House, at the Table, did take the said Oaths; and made, repeated, and subscribed, the said Declaration.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ltmce, 25* die Novembris;

Anno Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

P B A Y e r s.

THE House, being lat, proceeded in the taking the Member* Oaths appointed; and making, repeating, and sub- take Oath*, feribing, the Declaration: And all such of the Members who attended, and had not already taken the Oaths, and made and repeated, and subscribed, the Declaration, did now do the lame.

A Bill to vest the Interest in Judgments, and other Veiling In-

Securities assigned, in the Assignees, was read the First ,ere1~'3 in time. 1 Judgment*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand lit every Tuesday, in the Afternoon, in the House. Committee*.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Saturday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the G rand Committee for the Courts of Justice do fit every Friday, irf the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Committee be appointed of the Persons following, viz. Mr of Privileges.

Sir Gilbert Clark, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Phil.

Foley, Mr. Clark, Sir Chr.Musgraxe, Sir

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Mr.

White, Sir Phil. Butler, Sir Wm.Drake, Mr. Denton, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Parker, Sir John Bolls, Serjeant Bond, Lord Ashley, Mr. How, Lord Combury, Lord Dig by, Sir Henry Goff, Sir Henry

Goodrickf

230---250 N.

1

150 Novetnbris.

.169

Committee Goodrick, Mr. Stonihouse, Mr Gray, Mr. Bohun, Mr. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report

of Privileges. Comptroller, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Harnond, Mr. Freke, the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Hedger, DoCfcor Oxenden, Mr. Chr. Mountague, Mr.

Thomhagh, Mr. Vernon, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Slater, Sir A Petition of Spencer Compton Esquire was presented Raft John Lawther, Mr. Stanly, Sir Edward Abney, Lord to the House, and read; setting forth. That, on the 19th Griustead Marquis Winton, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Shack- of November instant, the Petitioner was duly chosen a Bur- EleiUou. erly, Mr. fynith, Mr. Colt, Mr. Sayers, Mr. Sandys, Sir gel's to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

Wm. Cooper, Mr. Newport, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Sir John East Grinsted, in the county of ; hut John Joiner, Thompson, Mr. Chase, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Kinaston, Bailiff of the said Borough, hath arbitrarily returned Sir Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Stockdale, Colonel

Austin, Mr. Tho. Foley senior, Sir Math. Andreios, Sir Fra. Winington, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Venables, Mr. Tho.

Foley junior, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Denz. Onslow, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Whittacre, Mr. Done, Sir John Austen, Mr. Rich. Vaughan, Major Beake, Mr. Winington, Mr. Burdet, Sir Sam. Grimston, Mr. Henly, Mr.

Ayslaby, Mr. Finch, Mr. Travers, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Price, Mr. Kendall, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Robert Howard, Mr. Vemey, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Baldwyn,

Sir Tho. Taylor, Serjeant TVogan, Mr. Edw. Harley, Lord Pawlet, Lord Spencer, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Egerton, Mr.

Hoar, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bridges, Sir

JVm. Hustler, Mr. Monson, Alderman Thompson, Sir -

Robert Cotton, Mr. Pocklington, Sir S. Barnardiston, Mr. rouS1 °* in the County of Bucks, Sir Tho.

Tho. Dyke and John Conyers Esquire as Burgesses, though

the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Electors that voted for him: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and to do therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of Simon Mayn Esquire was presented to the Avlislmry House, and read', setting forth. That at the Election of Election. Bufgelfes to serve in this present Parliament for the Bo-1

Staynes, Sir Roger Puleston, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. England, Sir JVm. Williams, Mx. Fuller, Mr.

ther, Mr. Booth, Colonel Perry, Sir Gerv. Elites, Mr. Man-

sell, Mr. Cha. Windliam, Mr. Irby Mountague, Mr. Freke, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Norris, Sir Geo. Markham, Sir Robert

Baronet, James Herbert Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates: That the Petitioner ought to have been returned as a Burgess with SirTho. Lee, they having the Majority of the Inhabitants who voted for them, and have Right to vote; and most of the Persons that voted for Mr. Herbert have received Alms, or do not pay to Church and Poor, and therefore have no Right to vote in any

Clayton, Lord Hide, Mr. Randall, Mr. Ja.Mountague, Sir

Edward Ayscough, Mr. Austen, Mr. Hen. Mountague, Mr.

Foot Onslow, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Thompson :And they are Ele«‘on J yet, by many undue Practices, before, and at,

to meet upon Wednesday next, at Three a Clock in the the Election, Mr. Herbert procured himselt to be returned Afternoon; and fit every Friday, Monday, and JVcdnes- as °?e of the Burgesses for the said Borough, in Wrong of day, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into their Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns, in the first Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to fend

the Petitioner: And praying, That he may be restored to his Right by the Justice of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Joseph Tredenham Knight w'as pre- Tregony fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Pc- Elecuou. titioner was duly elected one of the Burgesses to serve in

for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; . this present Parliament for the Borough oi' in the

And all Members who are returned for Two or more County of Cornwall; but that Hugh Mayor of

Places, are to make their Elcaions by this Day Three the said Borough, hath unjustly and arbitrarily returned Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided the Honourable Francis Robarts and James Mountague there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And Esquires to serve in this present Parliament: That several if any thing shall come in question, touching the Return, of the Burgesses, who had declared their Intentions to Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is vote for the Petitioner, were prevailed with, by Bribery

to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate.

Libellous Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Publications. That the Committee dp inquire into the Authors and Dispersers of Libels, and scandalous Papers, upon Persons, who have served as Members in Parliament, for what they said or did the last Parliament.

trouble

Returns.

Hearing

Counsel.

Ordered, That all Members, returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Ordered, That it be also an Instruction to the Committee, That they do admit but Two Counsel of a Side, to be heard in any Cause before them.

and Menaces, to give their Votes for Mr. Roberts and Mr. Mountague at the Election; notwithstanding which, the greatest Part of legal Electors voted for the Petitioner: And praying, That he may be admitted to his Seat in Parliament, as Burgess for the said Borough; and such further Justice in the Premises, as to the House shall leem meet

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Seymour Tredenham Esquire was presented Ditto, to the House, and read; setting forth, That the lJeti-East Grin- A Petition of the Right Honourable Lyonell Earl of tioner was duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present steadEle&ion. Orrery, Baron of Broghill, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Cornwall, notwithstanding which, the Mayor of the said the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Borough hath unjustly returned Francis Robarts and East Grinsted, in the County of Sussex, to serve in this James Mountague Esquires as Burgesses: That several of present Parliament; notwithstanding which, the Bailiff of the Burgesses, who had declared their Intentions to vote the said Borough, refusing to admit of several good Votes for the Petitioner, were prevailed with, at the Election, for the Petitioner, hath returned Sir Thom. Dyke and John by Bribery and Menaces, to give their Votes for the said Conyers Esquire, as duly elected: And praying the Con- Mr. Roberts and Mr. Mountague, as the Petitioner is sideration of the House in the Premises. ready to prove: And praying the House to take the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as they referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: shall think fit.

v 16 Ordeixd,

tijryY

,:An

7W. III. '25° Novembris-

337

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition of the said County: That the Sheriff* refuseth to annex to be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions: his Return the said Indenture; but hath annexed another And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report Indenture, without the Common Seal, made by Per tons the fume, with their Opinions therein, to the Iloule. who are no Bailiffs; whereby lie hath returned Sir Robert

Rich, and Esquire, as duly elected:

Snrry A Petition of Edward Harvey Esquire was presented to And praying, That the Indenture, by which the red-

irection. the House, and read; letting forth. That at the Elefition tioners are returned, may be annexed to the Writ; and

of Knights of the Shire for the County of Surry to serve that they may be admitted to fit in Parliament, in this present Parliament, Sir Richard Onslow, Denzill Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Onslow Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood as Candidates referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: to be defiled; and the Petitioner had the Majority of And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report Voices of such as had R ight to poll; and ought to have the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House, been returned as one of the Knights of the Shire, together

with the said Sir Richard; but the High Sheriff of the A Petition of George Evelyn Esquire was presented to Blechingty

said County hath returned the said Denzil Onslow, in the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioner Eletfion. Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Consideraition was chosen one of the Burgesses to lerve in this present of the House in the Premises. Parliament for the Borough of ,in the County

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition of Surrey, by the Majority of the Burgesses j but the Bai-be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: lift*of the said Borough hath returned Maurice Thompson

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report Esquire, inliead of the Petitioner; to his manifest Injury: the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. And praying the Consideration of the House in the Pre-

mises.

tliihfrce A Petition of Thomas Stringer Esquire was presented Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition tlecuon. tQ the House, and read; letting forth, That at the last be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions:

Elefilion of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report for the Borough of Ctitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Christopher Lister, Arnbr. Pudsey, Esquires, and the Petitioner, Itood as Candidates; and the Petitioner ought to A Petition Thurbarn, Serjeant at Law, was pre- Sandwich

have been returned as one of the Burgesses; but the Bailiff fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the £Iccilon' of the said Borough, who refused to poll several of the Petitioner was duly elefited one of the Barons of the Burgesses that would have voted for the Petitioner, hath Cinque-Ports, to serve in this present Parliament for the returned the said Mr. Pudsey with Mr. Lister, to the Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent; and, as such,

Wrong of the Petitioner, and several of the Burgesses: ought to have been returned; but Edward Brent and

And praying Relief in the Premises. John Taylor Esquires have prevailed with the Mayor of

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be the said Port, to return them as Members for the said Port; referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions: though they, or either of them, were not duly chosen;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Hertford

-Lieciion.

Morpeth

£ledion«

iDunwich

lUrtion,

A Petition of Robert Cccill Esquire was presented to be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions: the House, and read; letting forth, That at the Election And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report of Knights of the Shire lor the County of Hertford to the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House, serve in this preterit Parliament, Sir Tho. Pope Blount,

Tito. Halsey, Ralph Freeman, Esquires, and the Peti- A Petition of Sir Francis Blake Knight was presented Berwick tioner, flood as Candidates: That the Sheriff hath returned to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the Elec-Sir Tho. and Mr. Halsey, though the Petitioner had action of Burgesses to lerve in this pre lent Parliament for 11 e ,on' greater Number of legal Votes than Mr. Halsey, which the Town of upon Tweed, Ralph Grey Esquire,

is in Wrong lo the Petitioner: And praying the Consider- the Petitioner, and Samuel Ogle. Esquire, flood as Candi-ation of the Iloule, and Relief in the Premises. dates; where many undue Practices were 1:fed to prpeure

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Votes for Mr. Ogle; though the Petitioner had the Ma-be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions: jority of such who were duly qualified to vote; but the And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report Mayor of the said Town, who is Brother-in-law to Mr. the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. Ogle, hath returned Mr. Ogle with Mr. Grey, when he

ought to have returned the Petitioner with Mr. Grey, to A Petition of Henry Lumley Esquire was presented to the great Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying the the House, and read; letting forth, That Geo. Nichols Consideration of the House therein.

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were duly chosen Burgesses Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions:

Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland-, yet one of And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the pretended Bailiffs of the said Borough hath returned the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House, the said Mr. Nichols and Sir Henry Heliosis, in Prejudice

of the Petitioner's Right: And praying the Consideration A Petition of John Pitt and Clark Esquires Limington

of the House in the Premises. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be on the 20th of October last, the Petitioners were duly referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions: elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the Borough of Limington, in the County of Scuthamp-the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. ton, by the Majority of the legal Elefitors; but the Mayor

of Lymington hath unjustly returned John Burrard and A Petition of Reger Wood and John Bence Esquires Thomas Dore Esquires: And praying, That the House was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That will take the Premises into Consideration. the Petitioners w ere duly elected Burgesses to serve in Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich, in referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions: the County of Suffolk, by a Majority of the Freemen within And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the said Borough; who are the rightful Elefitors: And the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. the Petitioners were duly returned by an Indenture under

the Cotnmou Seal of the said Borough, executed by the A Petition of Sir George Meggot Knight was presented Southwark present Bailiffs; which was delivered to the High Sheriff to the House, and read; setting iorth, That the Petitioner, ecUou‘ Vol.XI. 4 it Anthony

Anthony Bowyer, and Charles Cox Esquires, were Candidates at the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry; which Election began the 23d of October last, and continued, by lbveral Adjournments, until the 28th Day of the same Month; during which time, the Petitioner and lfis Friends were riotoully assaulted, and wounded, to their great Dil'couragement, by the Agents and Managers for Mr. Bowyerand Mr. That Eyre Esquire, Bailiff of the said.....committed many unjust

Practices; by employing diflionelt Clerks, who polled l'e-veral, Four or Five times over, anti Four, and Five, out ot one House; by denying a Scrutiny, though the Petitioner demanded it; by doting the Poll, sooner than he promised to do, when the Petitioner's Friends were absent; by making Three hasty Proclamations, contrary to the known Custom of the Kingdom; and many other Devices, which he used; by which means, the Petitioner loft the Election; to his manileft Wrong: And praying, That he may be admitted to make out his said Complaint; and that he may have such Red refs as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

J tdW A Petition of Francis Lloyd Esquire was presented to

Election. the House, and read; fatting forth. That #

East Grinfted A Petition of many of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of lllcdtion. the said Borough of East was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners duly chose the Right Honourable Earl of to be

one of their Burgesses for this present Parliament; buttlie Bailiff of the said Borough, denying to severalof the Petitioners their Right of Election, hath unjustly refused to return the said Lord Orrery, and hath returned Sir Thomas Fyke Baronet, and John Conyers Esquire, as Burgesses: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Newport The Lord Cults, being elected a Knight of the Shire 'Vnt* for the County of Cambridg, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, alias in the County of

Southampton; made his Election to serve for the said County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newport, alias in the room

of the said Lord Cutis.

Nottingham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to "nt‘ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and County of , in the room of

Charles Hutchinson Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed. Printing tht Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do peruse the Votes, and Votes, appoint the same to be printed: And that no other Pei Ion do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That no new Motion be made after One New Mo« a Clock. - tio"-

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowr Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 26° die Novembris;

A PETITION of Harry Bridges Esquire was Well* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Election, That the Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset, fends Members to Parliament by the Election of all the Inhabitants: And the Petitioner and Mr. Serjeant Coward w ere duly elected by the Majority of the rightful Voters, anil ought to have been returned as Members accordingly; but the Mayor of the said Borough hath returned Edward Berkely Esquire, in Wrong of the Petitioner:

And praying, That the House will hear the Merits of the Cause, and do therein what shall be just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Cricklad*

in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and Ekaioiu read; letting forth, That, on the 19th Day of October last, about Two a Clock in the Afternoon, John Wild, Bailiff of the said Borough, gave Notice, by Proclamation, That, at Nine a Clock the next Morning, he would proceed to an Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: Which short Notice being

# o o

looked upon as insufficient; and several of the Electors being absent, and others intending to go to neighbouring

~ ' > o o O

Markets, on that Day, the Bailiff was applied to, to defer the Day of Election to a rcalbnable time; but he post-tively refused to do it; and went to an Election according to the said short Notice; and hath returned Edmund Webb and Charles Fox El'quires as duly elected; although several of the Petitioners protested against the Election, and did not give their Votes: Which Actings of the Bailiff were done with Design to surprile the Petitioners, and arc illegal, as they conceive; and may be of dangerous Consequence to the Constitutions of Parliaments, if not prevented: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and the Preservation of the Petitioners Right therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Gloucester Ordered, lhat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester, in the room of Sir John Guise Baronet, dcceaied.

Pembroke Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ to the prq-

lent Sheriff for the County of , for the electing

of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, and the Town of Pembroke; the former Sheriff dying after the former Writ w as delivered to him, and before the Execution thereof.

Peculating Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill or Elections. Bills for the better Regulation of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Sir William Williams and Sir John Bolles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Rowland Gzryn was presented to the Brecon House, and read; letting forth. That at the Election of Elettion* a Knight of the Shire for the County of Brecon to serve in this present Parliament, the Petitioner was chosen by the Majority of the Freeholders of the said County; but by the Partiality of the Sheriff, and several illegal Practices used by him and others, many Persons were admitted to vote, who were not Freeholders; and others were deterred and influenced in giving their Votes; and, at least, a falle Return is made of Edward Jones Esquire, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, and the Freeholders of the said County: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition

liirri

lorrf.!

bit

'iln

itO

M rp.

i6° Novembris.

339

7 W. III.

n-:^: tijf

wMo

ui

Sha/tftury

iiicciuMu

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

Shuftsbury, in the County of Dor sett, was presented to the I think it a great Misfortune, That, from the Beginning Ho Life, and read; /etting forth, That, at the Election of of my Reign, 1 have been forced to ask so many, and

Addrefe for a £enti<ii Fad.

Burgesses so serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Moreton, Eduard Nicholas, and Henry Cornish, Esquires, stood as Candidates: and Sir Malth. Andrews, and Mr. Cornish had the Majority of legal Votes; but the Mayor, shewing himself partial, admitted several Persons to he polled for Mr. Nicholas that had no Right to vote; and refuted divers to poll for Mr. Cornish who had a Right, according to the Custom of the said Borough; but, by reafbii of such partial Proceedings, the Majority, upon the Poll, fell out to be for Mr. Nicholas*, whom the Mayor hath returned, with Sir Mathew And rates; though, of Right, Mr. Cornish ought to have been returned with Sir Math.: And praying. That the iiouie will take the Premies into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and EleCHons: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Iiefolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by inch Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will

such large, Aids of my People; and yet, I am confident you will agree with me in Opinion, That there will be, at Jeaft, as great Supplies requisite for carrying on the Wat* by Sea and Land this Year, as was granted in the last Soft]on j the rather, becauso our Enemies are augmenting their Troops; and the Necessity of increasing our Shipping does plainly appear:

The Funds which have been given, have proved very deficient;

The Condition of the Civil List is such, That it will not be pofiihle for me to subsist, utiless that Matter be taken into your Care:

And Compassion obliges me to mention the miserable Circumstances of the French Protestants, who suffer for their Religion:

And therefore, Gentlemen, I most earnestly recommend to you, to provide a Supply suitable to these several Occasions.

I must likewise take notice of a great Difficulty we lie under at this time, by reason of the ill State of the Coin; the Redrels of which may perhaps prove a further Charge to the Nation; but this is a Matter of so general Concern, and of so very great Importance, that I have thought

please to appoint a Day of Fasting and Humiliation, for fit to leave it entirely to the Consideration of my Parlia-the imploring a Blefiing upon the Confutations of this meat.

Borealfton

Writ.

Members

lummuaoJ.

The King's Speech re-parted.

present Parliament.

Sir Hany Hobart, being elected a Knight of the Shire for the County of Norf olk; and also a Bui gels for the 'Borough of Boreafston, in the County of Devon; made his J'Je&ion to serve for the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do blue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new' Writ, for the desting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Bo reals ton, in the room of the said Sir Harry Hobart.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go inro Westminster-hall\ and the several Courts there, and the Court of Requefis, and fuuimonthe Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And fie went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pica fed to make a most gracious Sjjcecli to both Houses of Parliament; and that, by reason of the Noise, and Length of the Speech, he had. to prevent Mistakes, desired and obtained a Copy thereof: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

IT is with great Satisfaction that I meet you here this Day, being assured of a good Dil'position in my Parliament, when I have had such full Proofs of the Affection of my People, by their Behaviour during my Absence, and at my Return.

I was engaged in the present War by the Advice of my first Parliament, w ho thought it necessary for the Defence of our Religion, and for the Preservation of the Liberties of Europe; the last Parliament, with great Chearfulness,

I did recommend to the last Parliament, the forming some good Bill for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen: 1 hope you will not let this Session pal's, without doing somewhat in it; and that you will coulider of such Laws as may be proper for the Advancement of Trade; and will have a particular Regard to That of the Indies, Icii it should be loft to the Nation; And, while the War makes it necessary to have an Army abroad, I could with some way might be thought of to raise the necessary Recruits, without giving Occasion of Complaint.

My Desire to meet my People in a new Parliament, has made the Opening of this Session very late; which I hope you will have such Regard to, as to make all poflSble Dispatch of the great Business before you; and will call to mind, that, by the long Continuance of the last Session, we did not only lose Advantages, which we might have had at the Beginning of the Campaign, but gave the Enemy such an Opportunity as might iiave proved very fatal to us: And 1 am the more concerned to press this, because of the great Preparations which the French make, to be early in the field this Year.

My Lords, I have had such Experience of your good A flections; and I Iiave such an entire Satisfaction in the Choice which my People have made of you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons; that I promise myself a happy Coiiclufion of this Session, unless you suffer yourselves to he milled into Heats and Divisions: Which, being the only Hope our Enemies have now left, I make no doubt but you will entirely disappoint by your Prudence, and Love to your Country.

Resolved, That ah humble Address be made to his Addref* on Majesty, to congratulate the Succel's of his Arms abroad, *he and his sale Return home; and to return his Majesty peec

did affilt me to carry it on; and t cannot doubt, but that Thanks for the Trust and Confidence he repofeth in the your Concern for the common Safety will oblige you to Aftections of his People; and to assure him. That this be unanimously zealous in the Prosecution of it: And I House is resolved to suppor this Majesty, and his Govern-am glad, that "the Advantages which we have had this ment, against all his Enemies, both at home and abroad; Year, give us a realonabje Ground of hoping for further and effectually to assist him in the Prosecution of the pre-Success hereafter. sent War.

Upon this Occasion, I cannot but take Notice of the , That a Committee be appointed to prepare

Courage and Bravery the English Troops have shewn this the said Address:

last Summer; which, I may say, has answered their highest And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Chancellor Character in any Age: And it will not be denied, That, of Exchequer, Sir John Sir John Mr.

without the Concurrence of the Valour and Power of Sir Henry Goodrich, Lx>rd , Mr. Boyle, Sir

England, it were impossible to put a Stop to the Ambition JVliter Young, Sir JVi Sir Robert Rich, Lord

and Greatness of France, , Mr. IVharton, Mr. Travers; or any Five of them:

The King'* bpeech to be considered.

Tryals for Tr^afon.

Regulating Printing and Printing PreHes,

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Heydon

Writ*

-Address on the King's Speech.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses.

A Bill for the regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason, was presented to the House; and received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the regulating of Printing, and Printing-Prefles: And that Mr. Harly and Mr. Clark do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars: And that Sir Robert Dovers and Sir Richard Temple do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 27° die;

SeptimoGulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R 1 Villi am Trumhall, being elected a Burgess for the University of Oxford; and also for the Borough of Heydon, in the County of York; made his Election to serve for the University of Oxf ord.

The Lord Spencer, being elected a Burgess for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of and also for the Borough of Heydon, in the County of York; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Tiverton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Heydon, in the room of the said Sir William Trumball and Lord Spencer.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, That they had prepared the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

May it please your Majesty,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, reflecting upon the great Calamities from which we were delivered, and the many Benefits we daily receive, by the Protection and Influence of your Majesty's Government, do, with all Thankfulness to Almighty God, congratulate the glorious Success of your Majesty's Arms abroad, the Preservation of your sacred Person from the many Hazards to which you have expol'ed yourself, and the Blessing of your being returned to us again in Safety.

We beg Leave, at the same time, humbly to represent to your Majesty our grateful Sense of your Majesty's Favour, in having given Inch Demonstration to the World, and to us, That you repose an entire Trust and Confidence in the Affections of your People; for which we know no way of making any Return so suitable, as by giving your Majesty this Assurance, That we, and those, your most faithful Commons, whom we represent, are resolved to defend and support your Majesty, and your Government, against all your Enemies both at home and abroad; and that we will effectually assist your Majesty in the Profecu*

A. 1695.

tion of the presentWar; in which you are engaged, for the Safety of England, and the Liberty of Europe.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he w ill be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning State of the next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of ^"lUuQ‘ the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 28* die Novembids;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

f\RDERE D, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Blount'* to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount Baronet to make kftate. Provision for his younger Children upon the Marriage of his eldel't Son.

Mr. Secretary Trumball acquainted the House, That Kins aP* he having waited on his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, Pomt* t"be when he would be attended by this House, his Majesty atten e had been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Four a Clock, at Kensington.

The Order of the Day for taking into Consideration his Supply* Majesty's gracious Speech to both Houses, being read;

His Majesty's Speech was read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That the Consideration of his Majesty'* Speech be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of Sir James Bradshaw Knight was pre- Kingston fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the l'l"m Null Petitioner was desired by a great N umber of the Burgefi'es of the Town of Kingston upon Hto serve as one of their Burgdles in this present Parliament; and accordingly tendered himself as such, the same Day that the Sheriff of the said Town deceived the Wlit, for the Election at the next County Court-day; whi h was about Ten Days after his Receipt of the said Writ: That, to stirpril'e. the Petitioner, and his Friends that intended to vote for him, the said Sheriff to gratify the Mayor of the Town, and some Aldermen, privately appointed the Election to be the next Morning after the Receipt of the Writ; and though he was acquainted, That such Notice was not sufficient, yet he proceeded to Election next Morning; where he did not poll so many by 200 as at other times; notwithstanding the Mayor and Aldermen then made many Freemen, on Purpose to vote against the Petitioner, and threatened others that intended to vote for him; by which illegal Means, the Petitioner and the Burgesses of the said Town, were denied a fair Election: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report, the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Three a Clock in the Afternoon.

Post-

2 6° — 2 7 28°

:|Crx1

iituon.

Vital

7 W. III.

28" — 29* Novembris'

34

Post Meridiem.

t11! fel

THE House met, in order to attend his Majesty:

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ttl

-if.

Veneris, die;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

East-Grin&ed r 1 H E Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the jHfction. JL Borough of East-Grinsted, in the County of which Jay on the Table, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

were unanimously cholen Members to lerve in this present Parliament, by the Inhabitants of the said Borough: That the Bailiflj and Twelve capital Burgesses, have, without the Content of the Inhabitants, taken upon them to return Sir Richard Temple and Alexander Denton as

till Tomorrow Representatives for the said Borough, to the inanifefl Prejudice of the Petitioners Right: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Conlidci ation. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Totnefle

Election.

r.->*

A Petition of Sir Richard Knight, and James Bateman Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the Election of Burgesses to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tottncsse, in the County of Devon, Sir Edward Seymour Baronet, and Edward Yard Esquire, and the Petitioners, stood as Candidates; and the Majority of Persons, who had a Right to vote, did choose, and were polled for, the Petitioners: notwithstanding w'hich, the Mayor of the said Borough hath returned Sir Edward Seymour and Mr. Yard as Burgesses, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Belief in the Premises.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefiiions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Tsviltork

Election.

r-

J.

{Southampton

Election.

Buckingham

Election.

A Petition of Ambrose Manaton Esquire was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, on the 19th Day of October last, the Petitioner was duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, by the major Part of the Burgesses who had a Right to elect there; and who signed and feaied an Indenture, and tendered it to the Portreeve, the proper Officer there; but he refilled to receive the same, or to return the Petitioner; but hath returned the Lord James Russe as a Burgess to serve for the said Borough: And praying, That the House will take the Matter into Examination, and do therein as they shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Smith Esquire was presented to the House, anti read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is duly elected a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Southa; but by the undue Practices of Sir Benjamin Newlanti his l'riends, they have obtained an undue Return for him; which the Petitioner is ready to prove: And praying, That the House will examine and consider the Premises, and do him Justice therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of divers of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Buckingham, in the County of Buc/cs, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants within the said Borough, was presented to the IIoulc, and read; setting forth, That the said Borough is a Borough by Prescription; and that Sir Richard Atkinsasid James Tyrrell Esquire V o L. XI.

A Petition of Sir John Bland was presented to the pnntcfmct House, and read; letting forth, That at the Election of Election. Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, Sir Lowther, Mr. Muncton, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates to be defied: That several undue Practices were used by the Mayor, and others, in threatening several that, would have voted for the Petitioner: and denying others; and by setting down several for the Sitting Members who were not qualified to vote; to the great iujury of the Pc-, titioner: And praying the House to consider of the Premises, and to do therein as to them shall lcem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of several of the Freemen and Burgesses of Colcheftei the Borough of Cvlche/ier, in the County of Essex, on. be-r Election,

half of themselves, and the major Part of the said Burgesses, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at an Election for Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, the Candidates; were Sir John Morden, Sir IsaacRebow, Sir Cooke, and Doflor John Harrison: That, at the Election, the then Mayor uled many illegal Practices to prevent the Election of Sir Thomas Cook, by refuting several Persons to poll,-who were duly qualified; and admitting divers for Sir John Morden, who had no Right to poll; by refilling a Scrutiny, when demanded by one of the Candidates; and by returning Sir John Morden as one of their Burgesses though Sir Thomas Cooke had more Voles than Sir John-, as will appear by the Poll Books: Which Practices of the Mayor tend to deprive the Petitioners of their Right of Election: And praying, That the House w ill consider of the Premises, and give them such Belief as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Speaker reported. That he, with the House, did Answer to Yesterday present their Address to his Majesty: And. AcldreC,‘ that his Majesty was pleased to express himself to this

effect; viz.

Gentlemen,

I Heartily thank you for the Marks you give me of your Affefition: Our Interests are inseparable; and there is nothing I with to much as the Happiness of this Couu- ,

try, w here God has placed me.

Sir Robert Cotton presented to the House, according to Blount's

Order, a Bill to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount Baronet to Eilat*, make Provision for his younger Children, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read'a Second time.

1 1*

- Mr. Clark presented to the House, according to Order, Regulating a BH1 for the regulating of Printing,

And the same was received.

4 S Mr,

and Printing-Prefles: Printing and 0 Printing

PrelVes.

Answer to Addrefg.

Dr. Haley to preach on i'aft- day.

Dr. Williams to preach on Fast:day.

State of the Navy.

Tmro

Return.

National

Debt.

Tryals for Treason.

State of the Nation,

Committees.

Sussex

EWUon.

290 — -30® N

A. 1695.

Mr. Secretary Trumball acquainted the House, That

their Address, That his Majesty would please to appoint a Day of Fasting and Humiliation, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, He would appoint a Day accordingly.

1

Ordered, That Doctor Haley, Rector of Giles's iri_ the Fields, be desired to preach before this House, at St, Margaret's, JV estminster, in the Morning, upon the Day

of Fasting and Humiliation: And that Mr. Secretary Trumball do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Doctor Williams be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, in the Afternoon, upon the Day of Fasting and Humiliation: And that Mr. Papillon do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House a State of the Navy, and a State of the Cruisers this Year, according to the Act of Parliament, ligned by them.

Ordered, That they do also lay before this House an Account of what Men of War have been loft, or cast away; and by what means.

The House being informed, That the Election for the Borough of Truro, in the County of Cornwall, was so late, that the Return of it was not lent up with the Return from the Sheriff for the said County; and that now the Indenture, and Return of the Sheriff for the said Borough, is sent to the Clerk of the Croww; and the Sheriff desires it may be annexed to the Writ; but that the Clerk of the Crown desires the Direction of this House touching his receiving the fame;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do receive the said Return for the said Borough of Truro, and annex it to the Writ for the said County of

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and ltating tire publick Accounts do lay before this House a State of the Debt of the Nation, so far as it appears before them.

A Bill for the Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High. Treason, and Misprision of Treason, was, according to die Order of the Day, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, ro-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Grantoill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granvill reported from the Committee, That they had made feme Progrefe in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 30° die

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Robert Orme Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by reason of several unlawful Practices, done by Francis Wyat 15

Esquire, High Sheriff of the County of Sussex, and several others, on the behalf of Sir John Pelham and Sir William Thomas, before and at the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County, the said High Sheriff hath returned the said^ir John Pelham and Sir William Thomas as duly elected, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who flood as a Candidate at the said Election: And praying,'that the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges apd Elections:

And that they do^exanjine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Lee Esquire was presented to the' Canterbury "

House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Electwn. i Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Canterbury, Six William Honywood, Geo. Sayers, Hei'bert Randolph, Esquires, and the Petitioner, flood as Candidates; and the Petitioner doubts not to prove, That ha was duly elected by the Majority of legal Electors, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but, by reason of many undue Pra&iccs, used by Mr. Sayers, he and Sir William Honeyxvood have procured themselves to be re* turned, as duly elected for the said City, in Wrong to tha Petitioner: And praying, That the House will take tha Premises into Consideration, and do therein as they shall' think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Ele&fons r And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Alexander Rigby Esquire was presented to wigga» the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, stood as a Candidate at the Election of Burgesses to serve: in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wiggan, in the County of Lancaster, against Peter Esquire;

who is wrongfully returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioner:

That the Petitioner is ready to prove, That Mr. Shackerly

was guilty of several undue Practices, at and before the said Election: And praying, That the House will appoint a Day to hear and determine the Matter of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Acton Esquire was presented to the Yarmouth, House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Isle of Wight Members to serve in this present Parliament, the Peti- lilecti#n* tioner was duly elected, by the Majority of legal Votes, as a Member to serve for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of Wight; but the present Mayor of the litid Borough hath fallly returned Anthony Morgan Esquire, for the Petitioner's great Damage: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Woollaston Esquire was presented Whitchurck to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Elec- ^lectl0lk tion of Members to serve in this present Parliament for tire Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, the Lord James Russell, Christopher Stoaks Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood Candidates; and that, by several in-i direQ; Practices, the said Lord Russell procured himself to be returned as one of the Burgesses for the said Borough, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and l'uch relief as shall be just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

U:-:

»>*n: fi

7 W. III.

308 Novctnbris — 2° Decembris.

343

Chichester

Election*

Regulating Printing and Printing Prefies.

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Bremen Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly chosen, by tlje Majority of rightful Voters, to be one of the Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex-, but the Mayor of the said City hath returned Esquire; who obtained many Voices by Bribery, and many other undue Means: And praying, That the House 'will take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein according to Justice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for regulating of Printing, and Printing-PrelFes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill ,be read a Second time.

Members

Protections,

Ac.

Complaints of Brtach of Privilege.

Ordered, That all Protections, and written Certificates, of the Members of this House, be declared void in Law; and be forthwith withdrawn, and called in; and that none be granted for the future: And that if any shall be granted by any Member, such Member shall be liable to the Censure of this House: And that the Privilege of their menial Servants be observed according to Law: And that if any menial Servant shall be arrested and detained, contrary to Privilege, he shall, upon Complaint thereol made unto the Speaker, be discharged, by Order from him.

Ordered, That This be declared to be the handing Order of the House.

Ordered, That this Order be published, by setting up the same in the Lobby at the House-door, at hall Gate, at the several Courts in and

at the Inns of Court and Chancery, and at the Royal Exchange: And that the Knights of the Shire do lend Copies thereof to the Sheriffs of their respective Counties; and the Burgesses to their several Boroughs.

Resolved, That no Person be taken into Custody, upon Complaint of any Breach of Privilege of this House, before the Matter be first examined.

Resolved, That the said Order is not to extend to any Breach of Privilege upon the Person of any Member of this House.

Lunce, 2* die Decembris;

Scptimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir Richard Cocks Baronet was Tewksbury presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That EleiHon. at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tewksbury, in the County of Gloucester, many undue Practices w ere ufi-d by Sir Francis Winnington, and his Agents, against the Petitioner, and those that intended to vote for him; not only by threatening those that had voted for the Petitioner, to turn them out of their Houses, if they did not withdraw' their Votes; but allb, by detaining the Town-Book, wherein all the Names of the Freemen are entered that had a Right to vote: That though the Petitioner had the greater Number of legal Votes, yet the Sheriff hath returned the said Sir Francis Winninglon: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Edu ard Seymour Baronet, and John Exeter Snell Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; set- Election. ting forth, That the Petitioners were duly clected, by the Majority of Voices, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Exon; but that Mr. and Mr. Sey-ward, by Menaces and Bribes, and by Combination with the Sheriff of the said City, have obtained a Return to the Prejudice of the Petitioners Right: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and examine the Matters of I'act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report' the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

I y

r.L

H;.:

c.

Supply. The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Motion made, on last, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty; and allb the Consideration of his Majesty's Sixiecb; was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference In the Committee, who should take the Chair of the , Committee of the whole House;

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Littleton do take the Chair of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself again into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

A Petition of Humphrey Courtney Esquire, and Thomas Mitchell Vivian Esquire, was presented to the House, arid read; Election, setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall: That the Return of the Petitioners, by the Port-reeve of the said Borough, was delivered to the Sheriff of the said County, who attixed the same to the Writ with the other Returns of that County, and lent the same up, by express, to the Clerk of the Crown: That before the said Writ and Return were filed with the Clerk of the Crown, Two other Indentures were, in Town, annexed to the said Writ, pretended to be made by the Portreeve and Burge lies of the said Borough; by which fictitious Indentures Ant. Row and Too. Dodson Esquires are mentioned to be elected Burgesses: By which ill Practice the Petitioners are excluded from their Places in the House: And praying,

That the said fictitious indentures may be taken off the File; and that the Parties procuring the feme may be cenfiired, as the House shall think fit.

Whereupon, Mr. Shert-ai-d and Mr. Hoblyn were called

in; and examined touching the annexing the Return of Mr. Rcrw and Mr. Dodson.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections?

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday That they do examine, When the Returns for the County

Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Voij XI.

of Cornwall came to the Hands of the Clerk of the Crown; and by what Means the same were delayed.

A Bill to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount Baronet to Blount's make Provision for his younger Children, upon the Mar- Eilat*, riage of his eldest Son, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

344 2* — 3 Decembris. . i6y 5.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Aislaby, Sir Cha.JVmdham, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lou'iher, Mr. Brothcrton, Mr. Speke, Sir JVm.

Mr. Hoare, Sir S. Barnardiston Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir John Fleet, Sir Edw. Aiscough, Sir Math. AndrewsSir John Bolles, Mr. White, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr.

Mr. Fuller, Lord Wm.Peraitt, Mr. England, Mr.

Paget, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Mr. Lawson, Mr.

Hedger: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Recovery of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the SmallTythes. more easy Recovery of small Tythes: And that Mr.

Bickerstaffe and Sir Thomas Dyke do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Regulating Sir William Williams presented to the House, accord-elections. ing to Order, a Bill for the preventing Chavge and Expellees in Eie6tions of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Supply. S\r Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom was referred the Consideration of the Motion for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, the Resolution of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding *' for carrying on the War against France with Vigour And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten a Clock, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Army Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

Estimate. Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majdiy's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to command. That an Estimate for the next Year's Service, for the War, be laid before this House.

War Quotas. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to command, That the State of the War, relating to the Quotas the Confederates are to furnish for the carrying on the War, for the Year 1696, be laid before this House.

Public Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and Rating

Receipts, Ac. the publick Accounts do lay before this House an Account of the publick Receipts and Payments, since the Account they delivered the last Session of Parliament.

State of The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

the Nation, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granvilltook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granvill reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred} and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of Nation.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 3° die Decembris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Hugh Boscazcen Esquire, and others, St. Maws* for themselves, and others of the Freeholders and Section. Burgesses of St. A/awes, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Freemen and Inhabitants of the said Borough have Voices in electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament, and ought to have Notice given them, by the Port-reeve, of the Day and Hour, when he intends to proceed in every Election: but that one BennetHendy, the present Port-reeve, without

giving Notice of the Hour, did, on the 5th of November last, soon after it was Day, proceed to an Election, without any Notice at all to many of the Petitioners, who have a Right to vote; and, by reason of such and many-other his Practices, and by the Irrigation of Sir Joseph Tredenham, who hath, by feme unheard-of Covenants in his Leases to his Tenants, who have a Right to vote, deprived them (or may, if he lo please) of their Voices, contrary to the U l'age of Parliaments, the Port-reeve hath returned John Tredenham and Seymour Tredenham Esquires as Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, in Prejudice of the Petitioners, and the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough; for which Reason they conceive the said Election void: And praying, That the House will take the Matter* into Consideration, and relieve the Petitioners in the-Premises as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Windesor Esquire, and Roger Rygate Janies Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Election, setting forth, That the Petitioners w ere duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Rygate, in the county of ; notwithstanding

which, Sir John Parsons and John Parsons Esquire have, by undue Means, and incompetent Votes, obtained a Majority, and thereby prevailed with the Bailin' of the said Borough to return them, as duly chosen: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House Until think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Giles Long Baronet was presented to Marl©, the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Elec- byrough tion of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the *-lett40IH Borough of Markborough, in the County of the

Petitioner, William Daniel and Tho. Bennet Esquires, stood as Candidates: That the Election was made upon undue Notice; many of the Burgesses having no Notice of the Election, or w ere summoned, as was usual; and many, that had a Right to poll, were refused to poll for the Petitioner; and feme, by Threats, were terrified to vote against the Petitioner; so that, if all that had a Right to vote, had been suffered to vote, as would have voted for the Petitioner, lie had had a Majority of Voices; and ought to have been returned ns a Burgess, instead of the said Mr. Bennet: And praying such Relief in the Premises as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with theft Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered,

Inventing Export of Wool

Elections —

Double

Returns.

5° Decembris.

345

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool from hence; and to encourage the Importation of Wool from Ireland: And that Sir Matthew Andrews and Mr. Moore do prepare* and bring in* the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent falle and double Returns: And that Mr. Clark and Sir Walter Young do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Monson, Sir Marma. tVy Mr. Drake, Sir William York, Mr. Boyle, Sir Math. Andreues, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harvey, Sir I Fatter Young, Mr. , Mr.

vyn, Mr. rates, Mr. Norreys, Mr. A [audit, Mr. Moor, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Travers, Mr. Mr. England,

Sir JVm. Hustler, Mr. Smith, Sir Roger Pulesion: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Begnlating A Bill for Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Prefles, Printing and was read a Second time.

PreiTefc' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Williams, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Lormlher, Doctor Oxenden, Mr. Kendall, Mr . Heveningham, Sir Robert Cotton, 'Sir. White,

Sir John Kay, Mr. James Mountague, Mr. Blow fetid, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Dolhen, Mr. Finch, Mr. Bromley, Sir Geroas Elutes, Colonel Perrey, Lord Ratielagh,

The Earl of Ranelagh acquainted the House, That, according to their Address, his Majesty had been pleal'ed to command the Commissioners of the Admiralty to lay before the House* an Kftimnte for the next Year's Service, for the War, in relation to the Navy: And

Sir John Lowtherpresented the same to the House; and delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j vis.

Admiralty-Office, 2° Decern. 1695.

An Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Navy for the Year 1696.

t. Of the Wages, Victuals, Wear and Tear, and Ordnance-Stores, Of Forty thousand j Men, serving in his Majesty's Ships at Sea Thirteen Months, at 4 10 a Man a Month, [

the Sum of - -- - ----- -- I

2. Of the Ordinary of the Navy for One Year ——

3. Of the Officers of the Ttvo Marine Regiments for One Year

4. Of the Sum remaining to be suppliedfor the Four Ninety Gun Ships, ordered JaftYear j

to be let up- - - - - J

5. Of building, and furnishing with Rigging and Sea-1 g____

Stores, Four Third-rates, of Seventy Guns each - J ' '

Ordnance and Gunners Stores for the said Ships - 18,6.50 12 8

----- ----- ----- 86,090 12 8

Of building, and furnishing with Rigging and Sea-1 _____

Stores, Eight Fourth-rates, of Fifty Guns each - J 7 5 Ordnance and Gunners Stores for the said Ships - 16,745 14 —

£ e. d.

2,340,000 ——

135,958 3 5 16,972 5 —

65,835 18 11

90,777 14 —

6. Of finishing the new Buildings in his Majesty's Yards, at Portsmouth . -At Plymouth -15,000 — \ . 14,514 — j 176,868 6 8 29,514

£ 2,765,148 14 —

Two Millions Seven hundred and Sixty-five thousand One hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings.

Russell, Robert,

J. Lout her, R. Rich,

H. Preistman, John liouhlon.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

The Earl of Ranelagh also acquainted the House, That, according to their Address, his Majesty had been pleased to command him to lay before the House an Estimate for the next Year's Service, for the War, in relation to the Land-Forces: And he delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio weth j vis.

A LIST of the Land-Forces which his Majesty has now in his Pay, and which he thinks necessary to be continued and maintained in England, and beyond Seas, for the Service of the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-six; vis.

t M Cl. a* -O 4) O £ s ~ 5 . V) E 8 Eg a <u 3 0 ot S: jj Pay per Artium* it

§ S 2. 0 S £ 0 § I '> to 0 > fe-2

HORSE. HO OO Cm H C/3 13

d.

s.

First Troop of Guards - - 1 16 5 200 221 18,517 13 4 H

Second Troop of Guards - - 1 16 5 2QO 221 18,517 13 4 14

Third Troop of Guards - - 1 16 5 200 221 18,517 13 4 14

Troop of Grenadier Guards Troop of Scotts Guards - - 1 11 20 l8o 211 11,746 18 4 9

- - 1 11 5 ll8 134 9,687 14 2 13

Royal Regiment - - - 9 40 45 531 616 33,829 8 4 75

Queen's Regiment - - - 9 40 45 531 616 33,829 8 4 75

Colonel Level'on's, late Villiers's - m - 6 29 30 354 413 22,833 15 10 51

Colonel Wood's, late Berkiy's - 6 29 30 354 413 22,833 >5 10 5i

Colonel Langston's, late Godfry's - 6 29 30 ' 354 413 22,833 15 10 51

Colonel Coycs' - - 6 29 30 354 413 22,833 15 10 5*

Colonel Wyndham's - 6 29 30 1 354 413 22,833 15 10 5i

V of XI.

4T

Navy

EstimaU.

Array

Estimate.

346

Beeembris.

A. 1695

IIORS E.

Duke Schomberg's, and Leinster s

Lord Gallway's -

Earl of Macklesfeild's -

Earl of Arran's -

Colonel Windsor s -

DANES. Prince of Wirtembergh's

Marquis La Forrest's -

Colonel Scheftedt's -

DUTCH. Troop of Guards

Regiment of Guards -

Steinbock's -

Recht'eren's -

Monpovillan's -

Athlone's -

Tengnagle's, late Sgravemor's

Rochford's -

Schack's -

Wittenhoff's -

Boncour's -

4 Regiment of Hanovers

Total of Horse

DRAGOONS.

Royal Regiment.

Colonel Lloyd's, late Fairfax's

Earl of Essex's -

Sir Tho. Levingfton's -

Colonel RolTe's, late Brigadier Wynn's

Colonel Cuninghatn's -

Colonel Leigh's -

Earl of Denbigh's -

Colonel Eppinger's -

Marquis De Miremont's

Total of Dragoons

FOOT.

Fiidl Regiment of Guards -Second Regiment of Guards Regiment of Scotts Guards Royal Regiment -

Regiment of Fufiliers -Colonel Sehvyn's -

Colonel ChurclVtll's -

Colonel Trelawny's -

Colonel Beaumont's -

Sir Bevil Granvill's, late Bath's Colonel Brewer's -

Sir John Jacob's, late Colonel Hastings's -Golonel Tidcoinb's -.Sir David Coljear's -Colonel How's, late Sir James Lefly's -Colonel Colt's, late Goodwynn's -Sir Mat. Bridge's, late Courthop's, formerly S George's -Colonel Collingwood's ... Colonel Stanlye's -Colonel Robert Mackay's, late- D'O Farcll's Colonel Earl's, formerly Luttrell's Colonel's Earl's, from Ireland Colonel Mordant's, late Monmouth's Duke of Bolton's Colonel Lillinglton's —

Colonel Holt's, late Colonel Godfry Lloyd's Colonel Saunderibn's, late Castleton's Marquis De PuiiVar's, late Colonel Venner's Colonel Ingoldtby, late Morgan's -Colonel Maitland's, late Levon's -Colonel I'ergufon's, late Monroe's,

Lord Lome's, late Earl of Arguil's Colonel Tillius -

ns <a S| to c3 II ' hO rs O) § § Is la OO S*s oO Sf ill s s 1 £ Together. Pay per Annum. <n m "Sf s t J o> 32 cn e3

£ s. d.

6 *9 3° 354 413 a2>833 >5 5*

9 114 45 53* 690 43,9+9 — 10 75

' r 6 29 3° 354 413 22,833 *5 10 5>

6 29 3° 354 413 22,833 15 10 5*

6 29 30 354. 4*3 *2,833 13 10 5*

6 32 36 306 374 12,912 7 9

6 S2 36 306 374 12,912 7 9

6 32 36 3° 6 374 12,91* 7 9

1 15 5 200 220 18,389 18 4 12

6 28 36 402 466 25,206 5 10 51

3 16 *5 198 229 12,650 5 10

3 16 U5 198 249 12,650 5 xo

3 17 18 165 200 6,901 13 6

3 17 18 165 200 6,901 13 6

3 *7 18 165 20 0 6,901 13, 6

3 *7 18 165 200 6,901 13 6

3 17 18 165 200 6,901 13 6

3 *7 18 ^5 aoo 6,901 13 6

3 *7 18 165 200 6,901 13 6

24 140 152 1,248 i,54° 58,592 10 —

162 955 9°2 9>996 608,637 16 i 8ll

8 33 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 > 67

" 8 38 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 38 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 33 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 38 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 33 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 33 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 33 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 10 45 9° 800 935 a1,329 3 4

" 8 38 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 82 387 738 5»I2° 6,245 217,205 8 4 686

28 99 224 2,240 2,563 54,016 19. 2 145

- M 51 111 1,120 27,5x1 17 6 74

16 57 128 1,280 1,465 23,807 2 6 84

- 26 88 2o8 1,56° 1,856 31,7x2 8 4 >35

- 13 46 104 780 930 16,455 8 4 69

" *3 44 104 780 928 l6,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 IO4 780 928 *6,145 3 4 69

- *3 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

13 44 IO4 780 928 1 16,145 3 4 69

- A3 44 IO4 780 928 1 16,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 ! >6,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 >6,145 3 4 69

*3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 92S 16,140 3 4 69

" 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

It. 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

>3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- >3 , 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- *3 44 104 780 92f 16,145 3 4 69

- *3 44 J04 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- *3 44 104 780 928 1 16,145 3 4 69

- >3 44 J04 780. 928 5 16,145 3 4 69

- *3 44 104 780 9l[ 1 16,145 3 4 69

- 18 40 5°° 55! 1 8,988 2 6 29

- 18 40 5 00 55! 1 .8,988 2. 6 29

- 13 44 IOz 780 92f i i6>i45 3 4 69

- 13 44 103 780 92! 16,145 3 4 69

- *3 44 .103 780 92< S 16,145 3 4 69

- *3 44 103 780 92' 3 16,145 3 4 69

*3 44 IO. . 780 92' 8 16,145 3 4 69

- . *3 44 104 780 92' 8 16,145 3 4 69

*3 44 IO.] /c0 92I 8 16,145 .3 4 f 69

War Quotas.

3' Deembris.

347

FOOT.

Colonel Eneas Mackay's -Colonel Coljear's, late Sir Cha. Graham's Colonel Lander's -

Colonel Collumbin's, late Margins D'Rada's Colonel Seymour's, late Lord Cutt's Colonel Fairfaxe's, late Colonel Edw* Lloyd's Colonel Frederick Hamilton's Colonel La Mellonier's Count Marten's -

Colonel Belcastle's - -

Sir Henry Bellayfvs ——

Colonel Brudnalfs, late Row's -

Brigadier Stewarts -

Colonel Cootes - -

Colonel Bochan's -Colonel Geo. Hamilton's -Lord Strathnavers'

Colonel Giblbn's - - - ,

Colonel Northcote's - -

Colonel Farrington s -Colonel Iiufldis -New-York Companies -Company at the Leeward Idands -Company of Miners -

Company at Windsor - -

Company at Upnor -Company at Chester - -

Company at Tinmouth -Company at Hampton Court DANES. Battalion of Guards -

Queen's Battalion - -

Prince Frederick's Battalion Prince Christian's Battalion . -Prince George's Battalion -

The Zealand Battalion -The Juitland Battalion -The Funith Battalion -DUTCH. Regiment of-Guards Count Nassau's -

Colonel Wilks', late Anver's -Prince of Brandenburgh's Four Regiments of Ilanovers Two Regiments of Woll'embottles -

Total of Foot Total of Horse, Dragoons, and Footy now in Pay

Troops and Companies. Commissioned Officers. e - i> — u es § 1 zS Private Men. Together. Pay per Annum w I 1 ifTJ

13 44 104 780 928 £ 16,145 s. 3 d. A P

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 r9

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 82 105 780 96 7 18,408 3 4 69

... 82 i°5 780 96/ 18,408 3 4 69

- 82 105 780 967 18,408 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 i6, J45 3 4 69

- I3 41 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 P

- 13 44 104 780 928 16*145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 P

- *3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- *3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- *3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- 18 40 500 558 8,988 2 6 29

- *3 32 400 445 6,8oi r» 0 4 20

1 3 8 60 7i i,i77 2 6 5

- 1 2 6 5° r,8 i,733 15 — 4

1 4 14 i5° 168 1,7*7 9 863 16 8

1 2 6 5° 58 8 2

1 3 9 80 92 983 10 9

- 1 3 9 80 92 983 10 9

- 1 3 9 80 92 983 10 9 28

- 7 42 91 728 861 14,224 5 2

- 7 36 91 7*4 84I 1 1,060 14 6 28

- 6 32 78 Jo 12 722 9,516 1 3 24

- 6 32 78 612 722 9,602 !9 4 24

- 6 31 78 612 721 9^52 18 2 24

- 6 32 78 612 722 9,602 19 4 24

- 6 32 78 612 722 9,494 6 8 24

- 6 31 78 612 721 9,i52 54,068 18 2 24

a6 90 209 2,381 2,680 13 4 125

12 40 120 684 844 11,231 4 6 36

- 12 40 120 684 844 11,231 4 6 36

12 40 120 6S4 844 11,231 4 6 36

- 28 104 396 2,464 2,964 44,528

- 14 52 198 1,232 1,482 22,75a 10 —

- r- CO 3,200 7,589 58,553 69,342 1,182,038 *5 6 4,232

ly 1,119 4,542 9,229 73,669 87,440 2,007,881 *9 I I 5,729

Memoranchim: That over and above the Total of the Charge of the foregoing Lift, being There will be wanting

For the General Officers ——

For the Train -

For Tranl'ports, Hospitals, Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War Total of the foregoing Lift, and the aforesaid Particulars -

£ & d.

2,007,881 19 11

31,058 8 6

210,773 4 5 460,000 ——

£ 2,709,713 12 10

By his Majesty's Command,

William Blatliwayt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Secretary Trnmball acquainted the House, That his Majesty, according to their Address, had been pleal'ed to command him to lay before the House a State of the War, relating to the Quota's the Confederates are to furnish for the carrying on the War, for the Year 1696: And he delivered the same in at the Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followed); viz.

Number of Men.

Sates General - - - 107,540

Spanish Troops in the Low-Countries,

In Spaine -Emperor in Germany Elector of Brandenburgh, besides those in Hungary Elector Palatine -Elector of Treves -

Elector of Cologne -

Elector of Mentz -

Elcfror of Saxony -

Eleflor of Bavaria -

House of Lunenburgh, besides those in Hungary

Un<icr the D«ke of '9,oo!

- - ' Spanish, 12,00

1,500 Bavarian Cuirassiers- .*?*). 7*» Vo L. XI.

25,000

10,000

33.000

6.000 »,5oo

2.000 2,000

16.000 8,oao

23.000

47.000

Circles

— -4° Decembris.

A.1695'

Circles of Suabia and Franconia -

Landgrave of Hefie-Caflel -Bishop of Leige - -

Bishops of Munster and Paterbom, theirl Quota

Number of Men.

- - 30,000

8.000

6.000

Admiralty-Office 3 Decemb. /9$.

The LIST of the Ships and Vessels of the Royal Navy of England.

2,000

334,040

SHIPS NAMES.

War. Peace.

( A Home

Home. Abroad. and Abroad.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said State of the War be referred to the said Committee of the whole First Rates.

House. St. Andrew - -

Brittania -

Supply. The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved London -

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Queen -

further of the Supply to be granted to His Majesty for Royal Sovereign-carrying on the Waragainlt France with Vigour. '*r'~

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, uponThurfday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against

Victory - - - -Royal Sovereign

Second Rates.

France with \

71

igour.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 4° (lie Decembris

Albemarle - -Duke - -Duchess -

St. George - -Royal Katherine St. Michael - -Neptune - -O fiery -

Sandwich- - -

V anguard - -

Third Rates. Berwick -

Boyne -Bred ah -

Burford - -Captain -

Cornwall -

Chichester - -

Cambridge - -Cumberland - -

SViaftsbury

Election.

Dreadnought Dunkirk -

Dorsetliiire - -

Eagle - -

Edgar -

Content Prize -Elizabeth - -Essex- -

State of the

Navy.

Torbay Warfpight York - -

Yarmouth

Seplimo Gulielmi Tertii.

PRAYERS.

A PETITION of Henry Cornish Esquire was pre- Defyance - -

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Devonshire - -

at the Election of Burgesses to leave in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaf t.dairy, in the County of

Dorset, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir John , Edward

Nicholas Esquire, and the Petitioner, stood as Candidates; where Sir Math.Andrews, and the Petitioner, were duly elected by the Majority of those that had a Right to vote; but the Mayor of the said Borough shewed himself partial for Mr. Nicholas, and refused to poll many of the Petitioner's Votes, w ho had a Right, and admitted many to poll Expedition - -

for Mr. Nicholas, who had no Right to poll; and hath re- Grafton -

turned the said Mr. Nicholas, with Sir to the Hampton Court

Petitioner's Wrong: And praying, That the House will Humber -

give him such Relief in the Premises, as they shall think Ipswich -

meet. Kent - -

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Lancaster - -

referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Lenox -

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report Lyon - -

the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. Mary- -

Monk -

Recovery of Mr. Bickerstaffe pre fented to the House, according to Monmouth - -

smallTythe*. Qr{jer> a Rjjl for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes: Mountague - -

And the Bill w as read the First. time. Norfolk -

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Northumberland

Newark -

Sir John Loxviher, from the Commissioners of the Ad- Royal Oak - -miralty, presented to the House a List of the Ships and Plymouth - -

Vessels of the Royal Navy of England, with their Elta- Refutation - -

blishment of Men and Guns; and also an Account of Restoration - -Cruisers, according to the Act of Parliament; signed by Rupert -

the said Commissioners: And also, Rufi'el -

An Account of what Men of War have been loft, and Sterling Castle -cast away; and by what means. Suffblke -

And the Titles of the said Lift and Accounts were read. Swiitfure -

Ordered, That the said Lift and Accounts do lie upon Shrewsbury the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Account of the Cruisers is a Book of itself.

The Lift of the Ships and Vessels, and Account of what have been loft, and cast away, are as followeth; viz.

19

: Men.l( }uns Men.

- 7061 96 602

- 754 100 650

- 706 96 C02

- 754 100 C50

- 788 100 css

- 754 100 650

754 100 650

- 640 9° 5C2

m 640 9° 562

- 640 9° 562

- 688 96 586

- 524 84 438

582 90 506

- 640 90 562

446 70 370

476 \ 80 398

44C 70 370

476

389

47 b

356

80

64

80

64

Men.

496

544

49C

544

586

544

544

486

486

486

488

352

418

486

293

Guns

86

90

86

9°

90

9°

9°

82

82

82

86

74

80

82

6a

322 80

293

398 322

3'2 398 °74

62

80

2jO 56

322

212

Oo

332 Co 2C4: 206 52

476 80 398 , 322 8a

44G 70 370 2Q3 62

432 72 3C0 284 62

446 70 370 293 C‘S

446 70 370 293 62-

47C 80 398 322 80

[446 70 370 293 62

47C 80 398 322 80

446 70 370 293 62

332 Co 264 20C 52

35C 64 274 212 54

332 Co 264 206 52

389 06 312 250 58

346 62 274 212 54

476 80 398 3*2 80

446 70 370 293 62

476 80 398 322 80

45C 74 380 302 64

332 60 2C4 2oC 52

408 70 3 36 2C4 Co

446 70 370 293 62

389 G6 312 250 58

47 80 398 322 8°

;} 446 70 370 293 62

408 70 336 264 60

<0 1 i 80 1 398 322 80

- 408 70 1 336 264 60

('0 > 2C4 20b 52

- 446 i 7c ' 370 293 62 Fourth

4° Decembris.

349

Ships Nikis.

Fourth Rates.

.Advice -

Anglyfea - -

Assistance - -Bonadventure -Bristol

Burlington - -

Canterbury Carlisle - - -Centurion - -

Chatham - -

Chester - - -Crown - - -Colchester - -Coventry - - -Deptford -

Dover - - -Dragon - - -Falmouth -

Forefight - -

Greenwich - -

Glouclter - -

Hampshire - -Harwich -Kingsilher - -Lincoln -Litchfield - -Medway -Kevvcastle - -

Norwich - - -Oxford - - -Portland - -Pembroke - -Pendennis - -

Reterve -

Rochester - -Ruby - - - -Runrmey -

Southampton Sunderland - -

Severn -

Tyger -

Tyger Prize - -Trident Prize Weymouth - -Woolwich - -

Winchester - -

Windsor -

Fifth Rates. Adventure - -Assurance - -

Arundell -

Charles Gaily -Dolphin -

Dover Prize - -Experiment - - Garland -

Hastings -

Lime Mary Gaily -Mermaid - -

Milford - -Pearle - -Play Prize -Porll'mouth -Richmond Roebuck - -

Ruby Prize -Saphire - -Sheemefle

Vol. XL

4 U

War. Peace. War. Peace.

S' " Home Ships Names. f Home

Home. Abroad. and Home. Abroad. and

Abroad. Abroad.

Men. Guns, Men. Men. Guns. Men. Guns. Men. Men. Guns.

Sweepftakes - - - 180 42 150 >5 36 36

Saudadoes Prize 180 40 *5° > >5

- Shorehara - - -Sorlings - - - - 'l -J ‘35 32 >>5 9° 28

J 226 48 >97 149 42 Speedwell - - - 1 >5 26 >>5 9° 32

Virgin Prize - - - >35 32

:J Winchelsea - - - >35 3a 1 >5 90 28

346 60 278 221 60 Fireships.

J 226 274 48 5° >97 236 149 182 42 44 Blaze ----- Crescent - - - -Etna -

Flame - - - 8 8

: 226 48 >97 >49 42 Fortune - - - - V "/ 45 45 45

Firebrand - -

-J 274 5° 236 182 44 Grift in - - -Hunter ——

226 216 226 48 46 48 >97 182 >97 49 140 >49 42 40 42 Hawke - - - -Joftph - - - -Lightning - - - j 45 8 45 45 8

-J 274 54 236 182 46 Machine - - - - 5° f3 Sa. 14 P.

- 346 bo 278 221 60 Owners-Love - - - 40 10

- 216 46 182 I4O 40 St. Paul --- - - 45 10 45 30 10

- 226 48 197 149 42 Phenix - - - 45 8 45 45 8

- 216 46 182 140 40 Rose - - - 45 10 45 45 10

-i 226 346 +8 60 >97 278 149 221 42 60 Strombolo -

Terrible - - -Vultur - - - - 45 8 45 45 8

- 274 54 230 182 46 Vulcan - - - - G O "c

- 226 48 >97 49 42 St. Vincent - - - - 40 83 8

- 274 54 236 182 46 Vesuvius - - - 45 8 45 45

- 22 6 48 >97 ‘49 42

- 346 60 278 Z2I 60 Sixth Rates.

St. Alban's Prize - - 9° 18

i -I Biddford - - - 110 24 95 70 22

- 226 48 >97 >49 42 Diligence Brigantine - 35 35 6 P. 6 Pal. - 2 4 Fal. Fal.

Dunwich - - - 110 24 95 7° 22

- 346 60 278 22 1 60 Efi'ex Prize - - - - 79 A f \ l6 60 60 14

- 226 48 >97 >49 4* F.xprefs Advice-boat -1 / 4 0.

:} 226 46 >97 >49 40 Fly Brigantine - - -J 40 L6P. no g.

J 274 58 236 l 82 5® Germoone - - - - 5° I 4 V.

- 226 48 >97 149 42 Greyhound - - - 75 16 65 45 M

- 274 54 236 182 46 Henry Prize - - - - 9° 24 70 55 20

- 346 60 278 221 60 Jersey - - - - 110 24 95 70 22

- 346 60 278 221 60 Jolly Prize - - 5° 10 45 45 10

Intelligence Brigantine - 40 r g. \6P.

- 190 80 44 26 160 120 38 St John Advice-boat Lark ----- - 3° 85 6 18 70 5° 16

135 180 >>5 32 3 2 26 >>5 9° 32 Lizard - -Maidstone - - -Mefl'cnger - -Mercury Advice-boat -1 -J 110 40 24 f4G. \6P. 95 70 22

>35 32 >>5 9° 32 Seaford - - - - 110 24 95 70 22

J 130 3° no 85 28 Mariana - - - - 85 , 18 70 5° 16

m >35 >35 160 32 32 34 >>5 >>5 9° 9° 28 32 Newport - - -Orford - -Paramour Pink - - -1 -/ no 24 95 70 22

28 Portsmouth Prize - - 45 IO 3° 3° 8

.} >35 3* >>5 9° Penzance - - - - 110 24 95 70 22

j -i 130 30 JIO 85 28 Polt-Boy Advice-boat - 40 4 G. /6P. 95

-j >>5 105 9° 80 32 26 Queenborough - - - 110 24 70 22

135 I05 115 32 28 Rupert Prize - - - 85 r is g. t6P. 70 5° 16

26 Saudadoes - - - - 75' l6 65 45 14

100 _ . 100 Sally Rose - - - - 80 22

% / 135 32 >>5 9° 28 Shark Brigantine - 30 8 60 16

- >35 32 *>5 9° 3» Swallow Prize - - " 75 18 70

4° Decembris.

A. 1695

War.

Smrs Names r

Home. Abroad.

Men. G uns. Men.

Spy Brigantine - 35 \6 P. ft t\

Swan - - - - "1

Soleby - 1 " / no 24 95

Sea Horse - -J

Scout-Boat - - J - -' 6

Swift Brigantine - - 35 re p. 1.2 F.

Ketches.

Aldborough - -

Hind Pink - - " i 5o 10 40

Martin - - - - -J

Providence - - — . - -

Quaker -Roe - - - -1 - -J 0 0 UD IT) IO 40 t

Wren Pink - - IO 40

Yachts.

Charlotte - - - -1 3° 8

Cleaveland - - - -i 20

SFubbs - - - 40 12 30

Henrietta - - - 3° 28 20

Isabella - - - 4 V 8 2 0

Isle of Wight - 6. 4 e;

Jotnmy - - - 4 4 kJ 4

Catharine - - 3°- 8 20

Merlin - - - 3o 8 20

.Monmouth - - - 4° 8 20

Mary - - - - 30 8 20

Navy - - - 35 8 20

Queenbrough - - 4 4 4

Sotldyke - - - 35 8. Fal.

Squirrel - - - - 4

William and Mary - - 40 12 30

Bomb Vessels.

Angel - - - ~5 6

Balililk - - -Blast -

Carcasse - - - 3° 4

Comet -

Endeavour - - - 18 4

Fire brake - - m 6U f iec>. 1 0 r.(

Furnace - - 30 4

Greyhound - - - 20 6

Granada - - - 3« 4

Julian Prize - - - - 35 rao. 1.1 AT.

Kitchen - - - 3° 8

Mortar - - - 65 rise. X !'

Mary-Anne - - - - 2 4 i M

Owners-Adventure - - 30 6

Phenix - - Co 8

Portsmouth - - - - 5° 10

Salamander - - m 3.5 flO G. 1 2 M.

Society - - - 3° 8

Star - - 25 8

Serpent - - - 3° 4 -

True-Love - - - - 22. 4

Thunder - - - 30 4

Machines.

Maefterlandt - - — . —

Sea-Horse - - - - 10

Young- Lad v- - O a Blcfiinif Smack ——

Endeavopr, tft Ditto - Ditto - 2d Ditto -

John and Martha ' > A

May-Flower *r

Grafton Smack -

Hopewell Smack. - -

Owners Goodwill Hoy -J

Peace.

Home

and

Abroad.

M en.

70

3°

3°

30

20

30

20

20

5

4

20

20

20

20

20

4

30

Guns.

22

10

IO

10

10

6

6

4

4

6

6

6

6

6

4

10

Ships Names.

Hulks.

Arms of Rotterdam Chatham -

St. David -

French Ruby - -

St. George -

Leopard - -

Magdalen Prize - -

Plymouth -

Success -

Tw o Tow-boats - -Adventure Prize

Hoys. Delight - -

Foreltcr -

Lighter - -

Marigold -Nuiliich -

Sophia -

Supply

Transportcr - - -Unity iiurfe-boat -Unity - -

Unity - -

Smacks. Royal Elcajie -

ldcuiith Long-boat -Little London

Store-tliips. 4thJofiah -5. Suffolk Hoy-boat ('ancerbury -

Catharine -

Olh. Greenfilb

Hired-ships.

Fourth Rates. Archangel -

New Africa -

Bonadventure - -

Coronation -Loyal Merchant Prince of Orange Princess Anne: - -Samuel and Henry -

Fifth Rates. Friendly Society Joseph - -

Prudence -Prince George - -

Smirna Factor - -

Smirna Merchant -Unity -

Tyger - -

Hospital Ships. Concord -

London Merchant -Society - -

Storeships. Muscovia Merchant -Rriftol - -

Syain "

War. Peace.

t T Home

Home. Abroad. and

Abroad.

Meai. ( Guns. Men. Men. 1 Guns.

to 7 7 7

- 20

- 6

- 3

3°

- 4

7 - 7 7

3 * - 3 3

5 - - 5 5

5 /

4

7

3 3 3

-1 4 4 4

4 - -

10 - _ 10 8

2 - - 2 2

10 10 8

m 120 30

80 30

35 8

30 6

8 2

*97 48

177 46

*97 5o

J97 48

187 5°

>77 46 ,

>97 48 ,

*77 44

- 125 36

— 120 34

- 160 42

- 120 3°

-1

-j 140 40

140 36

120 32

:} 45 22 -

45 24

- 45 20

45 22

J. Lozcther,

H. Priest man, Robert Austen,.

R..Rich,

John Moublm.

By Command of the Commissioners,

Hm.

The

The ACCOUNT of what Mek of War have been lost, and cart away; and by what Means.

Rates.

Names.

Where.

Mow.

Coronation -Windsor Castle

3 Anne -

Dreadnought Bredah Henrietta Pendennis -Exeter Harwich Cambridge -Sussex Hope -

Centurion -Portlinouth -Mary Role -Happy Return Jerl'ey Swallow

Portland

Norwich Myrdant St. Alban's -

Phenix

Diamond Dartmouth -

Betw'een the Rain's-head and Penle-point South Sand-Head -

8 Miles Westward of Rye - -

6 (a) Leagues S. S. West North Foreland Cork Harbour -

Plymouth

Kentifli Knock - .

Plymouth ——

Plymouth - -

East Side of Gibraltar - -

- - ditto -

Westward of the Lizard -

Plymouth

At Sea -

At Sea -

Off Cape Hogue -

West Indies -

Ireland - -

Fangeret Castle, near Malaga

West Indies -

Cuba....

Kinfale -

Fangeret Castle, near Malaga

- Off Cape Clear

Heldcrenbergh Dartmouth -Lively Prize Con limit Warwick Swan -Milford Pembroke -Scarbrough -Faulcon James Gaily Conception Prize -Konfuch

Drake

Dragon Sloop Blade of Wheat -Crown Prize Dunbarton -Tartan Prize Sun Prize -Pearl Prize -Wild Prize -

Drake -

Goodwin Prize

Faulcon

Talbot Pink Fireships. Charles and Henry Hopewell -Alexander -Blaze -

Cadiz Merchant Extravagant -Fox -Halfmoon -Hound Hopewell -Phaeton

Tho. and Elizabeth Wolf -

Soundings

On the Back of the Isle of Wight I He of Mull in Scotland -At Sea -

At Sea -

Jamaica -

Coming from Norw ay Off the Lizard -

Off Torry -

West Indies - -

Long Sand-Head -

New-England -

Oft' Sicily -

Jamaica -

At King's Gate in the Isle of Thanet Plymouth - -

Bee-land -

Virginia -

Off Goree

Off the Land's End -

Near Dover

Glafuer-Sand -

Plymouth Downes -At Sea -

Call away.

Cult away.

Burnt after the Battle of Beachy. Foundered.

Blown up.

Cast away.

Cast away.

Blown up.

Cast away.

Cast away.

- - ditto - ,

Taken by 5 French Men of War.

Call away.

Taken by the French, and blown up. Taken by the French.

- - ditto.

- - ditto.

Cast away.

/Burnt, to avoid falling into the Hands of [ a Squadron of French Men of War. Cast away.

- - ditto.

- - ditto.

| Burnt, to avoid falling into the Hands of / a Squadrori of French Men of War. Taken by Two French Privateers.

Taken by Two French Privateers.

Cast away.

- - ditto.

Taken by the French.

- - ditto.

Sunk by the Earthquake.

Taken by the French.

- - ditto.

Taken by Two French Privateers.

Taken by the French.

Cast away.

Cast.

Taken by a French Privateer.

Cast by Survey.

Cast away.

Cast away.

Cast away.

Cast by Survey.

Taken by the French.

- - ditto.

Call away.

Taken by Two French Privateers, fin February was ordered from England, to attend on the Commissioners of Ireland, and never heard of since; lo conclude Ihe was foundered.

Forced alhore by a French Privateer. fBy the Gazette of the 4th July 95, is -! said to be taken near Scilly, by a French [ Privateer of 50 Guns.

Cast away.

Call away.

Burnt by Accident.

Burnt, or Blown up by Accident.

Off Cape de Hogue and Cape de Barfleurs Burnt in the Action against the French.

Sixth

(a) " Miles" in the Journal; Corrected from the original Account.

Middlesex and Portsmouth Writs.

Challenging

Jury.

35a 40 Decembris. A. 1695.

Kate*. Naues. Where, How.

Ruzee Off Elwyn Cliff a. _ Burnt by Accident.

Spy - - Portsmouth - - - - ditto.

Mermaid Plymouth - - - — ditto.

Cignet - Off Cape Clear - - - Taken by Two French Privateers.

Veluvius - St. Maloes - - - Burnt in attemping St. Maloes.

Charles Advice-boats. Against the Quince Rock at St. Maloes Burnt.

Post-Boy - Off Calais - - m - Taken by a French Privateer.

Fly . Bomb-Vessels. - Off Thoulon - - - - Overset.

Fired rake - - At Sea - - - - Taken by the French.

Serpent - East Side of Gibraltar - - - Cast away.

Granada . Havre de Grace - - - Blown up.

Dreadful Ketches. - St. Maloes - " Burnt by her Captain, being disabled.

Deptford - Virginia - - - - Cast away.

Kingsilher - - At Sea - - - - Taken by the French.

Talbot - At Sea - m m - - - ditto.

Hart - - Off St. Ives - - - Taken by Tw'o Privateers.

Scarbrough - - Off of Ireland- - - - 1 Taken by the French.

Harp -

Eaglet Machines. - Isle of Arran in Ireland — Taken by Two French. Men of War.

St. Nicholas - Off Diep - - - Blown up.

Abraham's Offering Dunkirk - - - - ditto.

William and Mary - ditto - mm - N - - ditto.

Ephraim - - ditto - - - - Burnt.

May-Flower - - ditto - - - ditto.

Happy Return - ditto - - - ditto.

William and Eliz. Hired Ships. - - ditto - ditto.

4 Lumley Castle - East Side of Gibraltar - - - Cast away.

5 Supply - - High-Lake - - - - ditto.

Warrington - - Coming from Norway - - - Taken by the French.

England Frigate - Off Cape Clear - - Sunk by a French Private Man of War.

Betty - - ditto - - - - Taken by a French Privateer.

6 Mary Frigate - Wicklow' in Ireland - - - - Calt away.

Lucas Gaily - Coast of Holland - - - - ditto.

Bazing Gaily - Off Diep - - - Taken by the French.

Richard and Martha Ketch } Island of Lundy in Ireland - - Cast away.

Lout Iter,

By Command of the Commissioners, Preisttnan, John Iloublon.

Wm. Bridgeman. Robert Austen,

Edward Russell Esquire, being elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge; and also for the County of Middlesex; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton; made his Eleltion to serve for the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Middlesex, in the room of Rus-

sell Flquire, who hath elected to serve for the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the . electing a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Edward Russell Esquire, who hath elected to lerve for the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to supply some Defects in an ACi, or Ordinance, made in the 33th Year of King Edward the lit, Statute the 4th, intituled, He that challengeth a Jury or Juror for the King, shall shew his Cause; and to make it more beneficial for the Liberty of the Subject: And that Mr. Brotherton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Sir Piny Oust Knight was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the Election of Burgesses to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, Charles Bertie Esquire, Philip Bertie Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates to be elected; but the said Berlies, by Gifts, and other unlawful Practices, procured themselves to be returned as Members for the said Borough, in Wrong to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned instead of one of them: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration-of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cales of High Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itlllf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel

Stamford

Election.

Tryals foe Treason.

State of the Nation.

:d

lion

7 w. in.

4 — 5° Dec.

Colonel Gramill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel GranviU reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejb/vcd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider of the State of the Nation.

Ctoanittwi. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jotis, die Decembrts;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

pnrtfraouth A P E TITIO N of divers of the Inhabitants of tlefhwu jl/cV/was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the I nhabitants of the said («) Borough, paying Scotland Lot, have a Right to elect Members to Parliament; and the Petitioners, w ho live within the Jurisdiction of the said Borough, w ere denied to give their Votes foe Edmund Dummer Esquire; That many ill Practices were used in behalf of Nicholas Hedger Esquire; viz. by shutting up the Gates of the Town, to prevent those from voting that Jive without, who would have polled for Mr. Dummer; by threatening many of the Petitioners with corporal Punishments, forofferingto poll for Mr. Dummer; and, in a hostile manner, by keeping a Guard of Soldiers, drawn from the main Guard of the Tow-n, to threaten and discourage Mr. Dummer's Friends from voting for him; by which, and many other Practices, Mr. Hedger was illegally declared a chosen Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in manifest Wrong of the Petitioners Right: And pray'ing, That the House w ill take Cognizance of such illegal Practices, and give them such Rel ief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with there Opinion therein, to die House.

fce* A Petition of Sir Charles Sidley Baronet was presented

Rumney to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti-

Electiuu. tioner w as duly chosen one of the.....Cinque-ports to

serve in this present Parliament for the Town of New Rummy, in the County of and, accordingly, ought

to have been returned; but one Peter Martin, taking upon him to act as Mayor, though not qualified, hath returned Sir William Tzeyfand John Brewer Esquire, to serve for the said Port, to the Petitioner's Wrong: And praying, That the House will take the Matter into Cou-iideration, and to do him Justice therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report tire fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Ireton Esquire was presented to LjlctwuT die House; and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being invited by divers of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough in this present Parliament, did hand there as a Candidate with John Guise, Richard How, and John How, Esquires: That the said Mr. Hows, or their Agents, did, by Threats and Promises, both before, and at, the said Election, deter and corrupt divers qualified Persons from voting for the Petitioner; and did insist, and prevail, that other qualified Electors, w ho voted for the Petitioner, were rejected upon the Poll, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner's Right; by reason of which, and many other illegal Practices, the said John and Richard Haw were returned: and praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Vor.. XI.

(«) " Borough of Portsmouthin the original Petition;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Eduard ITusscy Baronet was presented Lincoln City

to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, was duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Lincoln; but, by the Partiality of the Mayor, in making several Persons free, on Purpose to vote again!! the Petitioner; and refusing to make other who had a Right to claim their Freedom; and by other corrupt and undue Practices; Sir John Bodes Baronet is returned as elected to serve for the said City, in Wrong to the said City, and the Petitioner; And praying, That the House will hear the Merits of the said Election; and that the said City, and the Petitioner, may have Right done them in the Premises. '

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir John Bodes Baronet was presented to Lincoln*

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner County was duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parlia- Election, ment for the County of Lincolne;but, by reason of several illegal and undue Practices, the Lord and Sir

Thom. Hussey were returned Knights to serve for the said County; through, in Justice, the Petitioner ought to have . been returned with the said Lord Castleton; And praying,.

That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, , and to do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Major John Manley was presented to Bridport the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Election, was duly elected one of the Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Dorset; but that the Bailiffs of the said Borough, having rejected many of the legal Votes for the Petitioner, and admitted divers unqualified Persons to vote for Nicholas Cary Esquire, have wrongfully returned the said Mr. Cary, in Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying, That the House w ill take the Premises into Consideration, so as the Petitioner may have Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Anthony Henley Esquire was presented to Town the House, and read; letting forth, That at the last Elec- Election, tion of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New Totem, in the Isle of Wight, your Petitioner, James Worsley, and Thomas Done Esquire, stood as Candidates; and the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes; but many Persons, who had no Right to vote, were admitted to vote against the Petitioner; and those that would have voted for him, and bad a Right, were rejected; by reason of which unfair Means, the said Mr. Worsley and Mr. Done are returned, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Wilfrid Lawson Baronet was presented Cocker-

to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Elec- mouth tion of Members to serve in this present Parliament for Election, the Borough of Cocker mouth, the Petitioner, as he 4 X conceives,

Recovery of foiall Tylhes

Reversing Judgment against Sir \V. Williams, while Speaker.

Regulating Printing and Printing-PretTes. '

Ditto.

Petition concerning a Mem be i.

5° Decembris.

A. 1695.

conceives, was duly chosen; but, by the Bribery, and several other undue Practices, of Goodwy Wharton Esquire, the Petitioner was not returned by the Hail iff of the said Borough: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to courts of regulate Proceedings in Courts of Equity. Equity.

And it is referred to Sir John B, Mr. Mokfaorth, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Whitacre, Doctor Oxenden, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. BMr. Mr*

Clarke, Mr. Finch, Lord Comb my, Mr. Sir Geo,

Fletcher, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Jones, Sir Copley, Sir

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report Richard Temple, Mr. Sir Rowland

the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the Iloufe. c:_ */-Jt 4 ' ----- - AT *r " " '

R('/hired, That the Bill for the more cafy Recovery of finall Tythes be now read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bickerstaffc.

Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Price,

Mr. Boyle, Sir Geroas Elwes, Sir John Lowther. Sir Tho.

Littleton, Mr. How, Mr. Newport, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for

York, Mr. Verncy, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Waller, Mr. Jilntacre, carrying on the War against France with Vigour

Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Morgan, Sir Fran. Wining ton.

Sir Rich. Atkins, Sir Win. IFilliaMr. Arnold, Mr. Harley, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Middleton,

Mr. Smith, Serjeant 11 ugan; or any Eour of them j to prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Supply, itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider

be granted to

Doctor Oxenden, Mr. Wininglon, Mr. Burdet, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Edw.Norrtys, Mr. Bagnold, Sir Mann. Wy-veil. Sir Win. Drake, Mr. ThornMr. Sir

Henry Goodrich, Mr. Hamond, Lord Mr. Foley,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. White, Sir John Bolies,

Air. Ciilliford, Mr. England, Sir Hobart, Mr. Baldwyn,

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Rdoluiions;

Sir Ra.Dutton, Sir Godfry Copley, Mr. Sand ford, Air. which they had directed him to report, when the House

T ...1 f /7, A I ... A U.. ___ . - - (I'll I In f n flirt 1 . A tv, rt

Stonehouse, Lord Cavenclish, Mr. Tanner, Air.

Air. Hedger, Mr. Morgan: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reversing a Judgment given against Sir Williams, in 2° Jacobi 2di. for what he did as Speaker of the House of Commons; and for ascertaining the Rights and Freedoms of Parliaments: And that Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of several Printers and Booksellers in and about the Cities of London and Westminster was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners under and there is a Bill for Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Pieties, referred to a Committee of this Iloufe; and that the Petitioners are very much concerned in the consequences of the said Bill: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, touching the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

will plealeto receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Alorning next, alter the Committee hath fat upon the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Alil-prilion of Treason, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

O

A Petition of several of the Free Workmen, Printers, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed there is a Bill depending in the Iloule for Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Presses; which Bill, as it now stands, leaves the Printing-Trade open to ull Persons to exercise; though, by several Acts of Parliament, the Numbers of Masters and Apprentices were reftrfcined; and that they are already so numerous, that there is not lawful Business for several Members of the said Trade; which has occasioned so many scandalous and seditious Libels of late, which lotne have been forced to print for the Support of their Families: And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard; and that, by the said Bill, the Number of Masters and Apprentices may be restrained.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Honourable Elizabeth cy Widow was presented to the House.

And the same relating to John Esquire, a Mem-

ber of the House; who was not then in the Hou fe;

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir John Hoskyns:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, concerning the present ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom.

And then the Aleflengers withdrew.

Ref deed, That the House doth agree to apresent Conference with the Lords, as they do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Air, Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Christ. Air. Finch, Air.

Harley, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Lord Digby, Mr, Smith, Sir John Thomp/bn, Mr. Mr.

Air. Boyle, Colonel Granvi/l, Sir Eli ah Haney, Mr. Attorney-General, Sir Godfry Copley, Lord Mr.

Whitacre, Mr. How, Sir John LowtheSir Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Clark, Mr. Ja. Mountague, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Bromley, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Fra in Winington, Mr. Foley, do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Colonel Granvill reported, That they had met the Lords at the Conference: And that the Earl of Rochester managed the lame; and acquainted them, That it was. desired upon the Subject-matter of the State of the Coin; and for the good Correspondence between both IJoufcs,

which was so necessary, at this time, for the Preservation of the Kingdom: And acquainted them, That the Lords, taking into Consideration the ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom; and finding the Mifehiels arising thereby very grievous and general; For the preventing the further Growth of so great an Evil, and towards the remedying of it, in feme measure, conceive it necessary to come to a Resolution of making this following Address: To which

State of the Coin.

Ordered, lliat the said Petition do lie upon the Table they desire the Concurrence of this House: And then until Air. Harvey do attend in his Place. read the Address, as followed);

WE,

r

7 W. III.

WE, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and assembled in Parliament, having taken into our serious Consideration the great Mischief which is brought upon this your Kingdom, by reafou that the Coin, which passeth in Payments, is generally clipped; and that no other Remedy is like to prove effectual, for preventing the Increase of this Evil, but to make Clipping unprofitable for the future, do most humbly addrels to your Majesty, to issue out your Royal Proclamation, declaring, That from

no clipped Money should pals, in any Payment, fls the current Coin of this Kingdom.

That he further acquainted them, That their Lordships Are not insensible, that many Objections of Weight may erife against any Opinion upon this Subject; it being indeed very difficult to find out a Remedy, at once, to so great a Mischief as this univerlid Clipping of the Coin, throughout the Kingdom: But their Lordships cannot but think what they have proposed a good Foundation, at least, for other JSuperstructures; and, indeed so necessary a one, that, without it, scarce any good Building can be raised for our future Security in this Point: Their Lordships have left a Blank for the Time after which the clipped Money should be no longer current; to the end, that That Time may be better adjusted in future Conferences between the Two Houses; their chief Design, in what they now propose, being, to have loine Remedy attempted, for this great Mischief, in the Beginning of this Session of Parliament; that there may be time, before the End of it, to remedy any Inconveniencies that may not now be foreseen; and likewise, to shew their Desire in this Matter, as well as in all others, of proceeding in a perfect good Correspondence with the Commons, for the general Good of the Kingdom.

Then the Report and Address being read at the Table;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, take the said Report into Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 6° (lie;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

pRA YER8.

Taonton A PETIT ION of Henry Portman Esquire was prelection. _f\ fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

the Petitioner was duly elected, by the Majority of Voices, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of yet Hugh Speke

Esquire, by Bribery, and other undue Practices, hath procured himself to be returned as a Member for the said Borough to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying, That the House will examine the Premises, and relieve him therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mi;ftpsbury A Petition of Sir John Baronet was pfefented

Election. to the House, and read; letting forth, That at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaflesburi/,in the County of , the

Petitioner and Edward N Esquire were duly cholen, by the Majority of legal Electors; but the Mayor of the said Borough, shewing himself partial at the Election, on the behalf of Sir Mathew , admitted several Per-

fons to poll for him, that had no Right; and retufed to poll divers for the Petitioner, that had a Right to post; by reason of which partial and indirect Poll, the Majority of Voices fell out to be for the said Sir Mathew Andrews, and the lard Mayor hath returned him as one of the Burgesses to serve for the said Borough, with the said Mr. Nicholas', Vo L. XI.

355

when he ought to have returned the Petitioner and Mr.

Nicholas: And praying. That the House will take the Matter into Consideration; and do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Woollen Ma-the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this nufednres. Kingdom: And that Mr. Sand fordand Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Clark presented to the House, according to Order, Election*_

a Bill to prevent false and double Returns of Members Double to lerve in Parliament. Returns.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to search Frivolous Precedents, what Course hath been taken in cale of fri- Election volous Petitions, and falie Returns, touching Elections Petitions and of Members to lerve in this House; and report the same falselletuni* to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Mr. How, Mr. Clark,

Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Woodroffe, Mr. Dolben, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Palmes, Sir GodfryCopley, Lord Marquis Winton, Serjeant Bond, Sir S.Barnardiston, Doctor Oxenden, M r. Gardner, Sir G era- El

Mr. Freke, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Lerwther, Sir Tho. Lit-

tleton, Mr. England, Sir John Bolles, Sir JVm. Coriton,

Mr. Trcdenham, Mr. Morley, Mr. Sand ford, Colonel Granville, Sir Henry Goff, Sir JVm.Ellis, Mr. Finch, Mr. Norris, Sir Tho.Pope Blount, Lord Digby, Mr. IJevening-ham, Mr. Parker, Sir JVm. Williams, Mr.

Sir John Key; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; and lit de die in diem.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of bupp the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the carrying on the War against France with Vigour, a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining Forty thousand Seamen for Thirteen Months, for the Service of the Year 1696.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of 41. 5 s. per Man per Month be allowed for the said Forty thousand Seamen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Eighty-five thousand Seven hundred and Forty Pounds be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the Sum remaining to be supplied for the Four Ninety-Gun Ships, ordered last Year to be set up, there be allowed the Sum of 65,835/. l8$. 11

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Building, and furnishing with Rigging,

Sea Stores, Ordnance, and Gunners Stores, Four Third-rate Ships of Seventy Guns, and Eight Fourth-rate Ships of Fifty Guns, there be allowed toe Sum of 138,424/. is. id.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the Maintenance of the Navy, for the Year

1696,

50 — 6° De.

Regulating

Lie&ious.

State of the Coin*

State of the Nation.

Committees.

Bevife9

tlcctioi*

6°- — *7 De.

A\ 1695.

1696, for the carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Reftdeed, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of tire House, and report the Methods for granting of Money:

And it is referred to Mr. Mountague, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Smith, Nr. Slater, Mr. Clark, Sir Gods.Copley, Sir Edward,

Seymour, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Bet hell. Lord Digby, Sir John

Kay, Mr. Parker, Mr. Gwyn, Sir IVm. Williams, Sir Wm.

Lordlier, Sir Wm.Coriton, Mr. Moyle, Sir Richard On-

slow, Lord Coningsby, Sir Clir. Musgrove, Sir Robert Rich,

Mr. Molesucorth, Mr. Boyle, Lord Ashley, Lord Ranelagh,

Colonel Granvill, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr,

Pelham, Sir Fra. Winington, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Tho. . *> r . , D______. ~f :rt

Pape Btmmt, Mr. OmkZ, Si Fra. Wiadham, Mr. Tilncy, " 8 I,arlle,t for. Borough SiTltow. Caya, Mr. Norris, Mr. llmty, Mr. PalmS, ,he Lancaster, f"ch. <" beei'

Mr. Hooper, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Robert Colton, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Bromley, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Farrar, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Pepys, Mr,

of the Devises, in the County of ffills, and ought to have been returned; but by the undue Practices of the Audits of John Methwyn Esquire, he is returned, with Sir Edward Ernie, to the Petitioner's Injury: And praying, That the House will hear and examine the Premises, and give him such Relief therein as shall be just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Christopher Greenfeild Knight was Preftou presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the lilecllun' Petitioner was duly chosen one of the Burgesses to fervd

Lonvther, Mr. Preston, Mr. Mansell, Sir Hen. Goff', Mr. How, Mr. Winington, Mr. Fror any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

returned; but by the corrupt Practices of Tho. Molyneux Esquire, he has procured himself to be returned, tliougk he was not duly elected: And praying, That the House will give the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Petit Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the

Reading

Llcctiua.

The House, according to the Order of die Day, pro. Tom'of in ,he Coun 'f ftr/. but sir

ceeded to take into Consideration the Report ot he by Menaces, and Combi-

Conference with the Lords, Yesterday, concerning the - - - - J ....

ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom:

And- the Report was again read.

And a Debate arising upon the Address to his Majesty, to which their JLordships desire the Concurrence of this House;

Rejoin'dI That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning.

Then the Order, for the House to refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulider of the State of the Nation, was read.

Resolved, That it be an InstrucHon to the said Committee, That they do proceed upon tho Matter of the Coin.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to eonlider of a Fund to make good the Deficiency of the clipped Money'.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granvill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granvill reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this house will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole house, to consider further of the State of the Nation; and, in particular, in relation to the Coin.

nation with divers Persons of the said Town, have obtained a Return of themselves, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner's Right: And praying, that the house will examine the Matters of Fact, and to do what Ih ill be just in the Premil'cs.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Nicholas Bacon and Hugh on he- Stnckbr^e

half of theml'clvcs, and others, Inhabitants of i-lccuuu

in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are Inhabitants and Freemen of the said Borough, and thereby are qualified to give their Voices for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: That, in the Choice of Anthony Sturt and John Vcmibles Esquires to serve in this present Parliament, there were very undue and corrupt Practices used; by which, as the Petitioners conceive, they are unduly elected, and ought not to serve as Members for the said Borough: And praying, That the house w ill examine the said Matters, and Corruption; and that the Petitioners may be i'ufibred to prove the lame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the find Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that thoy do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein to the house.

A Petition of Anthony Esquire was presented to the Mitn-M

House, and read; setting forth. That at the Lleftion of hiccti,o. Members to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, the Petitioner, Thomas Dodson, Thomas Vivian, and Humphry And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Courtney, Esquires, stood as Candidates and the Peti-

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Morning,

Nine a Clock.

tioner had the Majority of legal Votes, and was returned with the said Mr. Dodson, by the proper Officer; but Mr. Vivian and Mr. Courtney procured themselves also to he returned by another Person, who pretended a Right lb to do: That the said double Return is not yet determined by the Committee of Elections: And, the Time limited by the House, for^ietitioning, as to the Merits of Elections,

AP ETITIO N of Sir Francis Child Knight was pre- being near expired, the Petitioner prays, That the House fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir *" ----- ----- ----- rr" " '

Pra

Sabbat/, 7* die;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

YERS.

Edward Ernle and the Petitioner were duly eleCled Bur-gtlTes to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough lS

will appoint a Time for hearing the Merits of the said Election.

Ordered,

7 W. III.

7° — 90 Decembris.

357

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Petitions on Declared', That in Cafes of double Returns, any Party,

Returns retllrnec^ ma.v> w ithin Fourteen Days after the Matter

D touching the Return determined, petition as to the Merits of the Election.

Resolved, That this Ifoufe will, upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into u Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, with reference to the Coin.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Committee

Reversing Judgment against Sir W. Williams while Speaker.

Regulating

Elections.

Elections — double Returns

Mr. Price presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for revelling a Judgment against Sir WiIlium hams; and act'erting the Rights and freedoms of Parliament

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for preventing Charge and Expence in Elefitions of Members to serve in Parliament was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved \That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Harry Hobart, Mr. Gzvyun, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Clarice, Sir Sir Gat.

E/wes, Sir /1 in Drake, Sir. England, Sir Mr. Kendall, Mr. Gardner, Sir Mr. How,

Mr. Freke, Mr. Sand/'ord, Mr. Ja. Mr. Hurley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Ph. Foley, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr.

White, Sir Fra. Mctssam, Mr. Sir Rich. Onslow,

Mr. Norreys, Mr. 3/awdit, Sir Williams, Mr. Hen-

ley, Mr. Price. Mr. T. Foley, Mr. Colt, Mr.

Sir John Holies, Mr Hammond, Mr. Mr. Manky, Mv.Bromley, Sir Wm.Lowther, Sir Abney, Si

Wyve/l, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Jo.Kay, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Ileveningham, Mr. Bridges, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Wm. Cooper, Lord Digby, Sir IFm. Hustler, Mr. Foley, Mr. Farrer:And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

A Bill to prevent fa lie and double Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the Iioule, to the same Committee.

A

Ease of Jurors.

Tryals for Treuion.

Supply.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Eale of Jurors; and the better Regulating of Juries: And it is referred to Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir John Kay, Sir Godfry Copley, Sir Wm. Williams, or any Three of them, to prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Tiealon, and Mif-piilion of Treason.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

Iaiucc, 9" die Dcc

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Pbavers.

PETITION of Sir Rushout Cullen Baronet was Eveflmm presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Election. That the Petitioner was duly elected a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Evesham, in the County of H arvester; but that Henry Parker Esquire, by illegal Prafiices, has procured himself to be returned for the said Borough, in Wrong of the Petitioner: And praying, That the House will appoint a Day to hear and determine the Merits of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved State of the itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Nation* further of the State of the Nation, with reference to the Coin.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported. That the Committee was informed. That several Members attended at the Door, to come in to be sworn; and that thereupon, they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Members are sworn, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, with reference to the Coin.

Then the Members came in, and took the Oaths, and Members repeated, and subscribed, the Declaration, appointed. take °aths

Then the House resolved itself again into a Committee State of the of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the ^ation* Nation, with reference to the Coin.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions;

ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee which they had directed him to report, when the House of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to wj]j p|ease to ^ive the fame.

State of the Coin.

State of the Nation.

be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France with Vigour.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate of Yesterday be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation; and, in particular, in relation to the Coin.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granvill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granvill reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they inav have Leave to fit again.

Vo i. XI.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Granville also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Orderd, That all Committees he revived. Committees*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow < Morning, Niue a Clock.

4*

Reverfing Judgment asiainlt Sir \V. Williams while Speaker.

State of the Nation.

1 o° — i a® Decembris.

A. 1695.

Tellers for the NoeJMr-

[Mr. Perry:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

»14>

Mortis, 10® dieDecembris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree Pka Y eus. with the Committee in the said Resolution, That all dip-

f~\RDERED, That the Bill for re veiling the Judg- ped Money be re-coined according to the eitablHhcd ment given against Sir William Williams, as Speaker Standard of the Mint, both as to the Weight and Fineness; of the House, of Commons; and for averting the Rights T‘ ' 1 ' '

and Freedoms of Parliament; be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Nation, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Commodities and Provisions that shall be transported from England, for the life of the Forces in his Majesty's Pay abroad, be exempted from any Duty, or Excile, throughout the Spanish and United Netherlands

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, after " Silver," to add " and coined at the lawful Mints " of this Kingdom

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, Agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That the Lois of such clipped Money, as is Silver, and coined at the lawful Mints of this Kingdom* shall be borne by the Publick. The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, before " Crowns," to insert " clippedAnd also another Amendment, to leave out " other than such as are " milled

And the said several Amendments were, upon the Quef-

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

That the most elseclual Way to put a Stop to the Mischiefs Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee which the Nation fullers by the Currency of clipped in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Day or Days, Money, is, to re-coin the fame. be appointed, after which no clipped Crowns, or Hall-

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, crowns, be allowed in Payment, or to palls; except only to That all clipped Money he re-coined according to the the Collectors and Receivers of his Maj city's Revenues

established Standard ot ihc Alint, both to Weight and Fineness.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lois of such clipped Money, as is Silver, shall be borne by the Publick.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Day, or Days, be appointed, alter which no Crowns, or Half-crowns, other than such as are milled, be allowed in Payment, or to pals; except only to the

Collectors and Receivers of his Majesty's Revenues and Taxes, or upon Loans, or Payments in the Exchequer.

and Taxes, or upon Loans, or Payments into the Exchequer.

The Sixth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, before " Crowns," to insert " clippedAnd also another Amendment, to leave out " other than such as are " milled

And the said several Amendments w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lo amended, That a Day, or Days, ti. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, be appointed, alter which no dipped Crow ns, or Ilall-That a Day, or Days, be appointed, after which no crowns shall pals in any Payment whatsoever.

Crowns, or Half-crowns, other than such as are milled. The 7th, 8th, qth, 10th, and nth Resolutions, being shall pals in any Payment whatsoever. severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

TM all ijicli Crowns, anil Half-crmvns, as thr^come i'lto Aml ,lreil tl]0 House odjournod till 77,«ra*j,

h,s Maicuy , lece.pt be ij-coa.ec! i.rlo m. led alone,-. Morning next. Nine a Clock.

b. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 0

That a Day, <«r Days, be appointed, after which no Money clipped within the Ring be allowed in Payment, or to pals; except only to the Collectors and Receivers of his Majesty's Revenues and Taxes, or upon Loans, or Payments into the Exchequer.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Day, or Days, he appointed, after which no AIo-ney clipped within the Ring shall pals in any Payment whatsoever.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Day, or Days, be appointed, for all Persons to bring in their clipped Money, to he re-coined into milled Money; after which no Recompence shall he made for the fame.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Fund, or Funds, he settled for supplying the Deficiencies of the clipped Money.

Jovis, 12° die Decembris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii,

ORDERED,

Rill for making the River of in the County Mu

Prayers.

That Leave be given to bring in a ParwM't

Navigation*

of Derby, navigable: And that Air. Bag no Id do prepare,-

and bring in, the Rill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make Wye and the Rivers oillye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, Lugg Navi-navigable: Anil that the Lord Coninand Mr. Sat‘on-do prepare, and bring in, the Rill.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House he given to pr> Doctor for the Sermon by him preached before thauk«d.'

I he l irft and Second of the said Resolutions, being this House, Vefterdav, at St. Margaret's, Westminster:

severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question levcra.ly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Rclbiution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed, to leave out " both:" And the Question being put, That the Word "both" do itiinil Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

Uhe Noes go forth.

Tellers lor the YcaJ?ir Jf.f

[aic. Llzcill:

225.

And that he he desired to print the same: And that Mr.

Norris do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this Ilouf'e be given to Dr.William* Debtor Williams, fur the Sermon by him preached before dunked, this House, Yesterday, at St. Marg

And that he he desired to print the lame: And that Sir.

Robert Cotton do acquaint him therewith.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Supply. at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of

the

7 W, III.

i2® — r 3° D

359

Address on the State of the Coin.

the whole House, to confitlor further of the Supply to he granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Addrefe, to he presented to his Majesty, upon the iie-solutions of this House, relating to the Coin:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Ja. 31ountague, Lord Ashley, Mr. Khali, Mr. Smith,

Lord Ramiugh, Sir Gere. ElvMr. Secretary Tram- '

ball, Mr. Clark, Mr. JleceninghamSir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Buliktyn, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Mr.

Pierpoint, Mr. Foley, Colonel Granville, Mr. Mole/worth,

Sir Got I fry Copley, Sir Wm. Forester, Mr. Harley, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Attorney-General, Sir Rob. Cotton, Air.

Jjact her, Sir Fra. Winington; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Speaker loft the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee. Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 13° dDeccmbris

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

A

Tryals for Treason.

State of the Nation.

Coinage. Resolved', That a Committee be appointed to prepare,

and bring in, a Bill for regulating the Coinage, of the Silver Coin of this Kingdom:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Mulesworth, Mr. Lownds, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Katie, Sir Oerv. Ehwcs, Sir li in Forester, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Foley, Mr Colt, Mr. Smith, Sir lien. Goodrich, Mr. llliittacre. Sir Tho. Littleton, Colonel GranviU, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Lowdhtr, Mr. Clark, Mr. Norris, Serjeant Bond, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Cyry, Mr. FAwill, Sir tVm. Cooper, Mr. Harley, Sir Ra. Dqlavall: And they are to meet this 'Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of High Treason, and Misprision (of Treason.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

-Colonel GranviU took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel GranviU reported, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Saturday Morning next.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfuined the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee, That

they were informed, That several Members attended, at

the Door, to come in to be fuorn j and had directed him

to move, That they inav have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, after the Members are

sworn, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the State of the Nation.

The Members came in, and took the Oaths, and repeated, and.subscribed, the Declaration, appointed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the double Return for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Haney attending in his Place, and moving, That the Petition which lies on the Table, relating to him, may be read;

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

State of the The House, according to the Order of the Day, relation. solved itself into a Committee of the whole llouie, to consider of the State of the Nation.

Vo l. XI.

- Prayers.

PETITION of several of the Inhabitants in and Red-lion-near Red-lion-ft/uarc. and the Streets adjacent, in the Parishqf St. Andrew's Holbnurn, w as presented to the 1V0Iborn)3 House, and read; letting forth, That the said Parish is of new Panth. ilate so much increas'd, by new Buildings, and grown so populous, that the Care of lb many Souls cannot he, well discharged by one Minister; nor is the Church of Saint Andrew's large enough to receive all the Parishioners:

C? o

And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the said Square, and Streets adjacent, a distinct Parish; and to build a new Church near the said Square.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Doctor Burbon do prepare, and bring in, the Bill

Sir Robert Dwver.s presented to the House, according Hawkers and to Order, a Bill for Suppreiling of Hawkers and Pedlars: Pedlars. And the same was received.

- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Addressre- Majesty, by fuel) Members of this House as are of his Ipccting Duty Majesty s most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will ^the Ann8 please to procure, That all Commodities and Provisions

that shall be transported from England, for the Use of the Forces in his Majesty s Pay, abroad, may be exempted from any Duty, or Excise, throughout the Spanish and United Netherlands.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Clipped next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Money consider of Ways and Means for raising a Fund or Funds, Deflciency* for supplj ing the Deficiencies of the clipped Money.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, state of tht resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Nation, consider further of the State of the Nation.

A Bill to reverse the Judgment given against Sir JVII- Reversing limn JFilJiams, iov what he did as Speaker of the House Judgment

asserting the Rights and Free-according to Order, read a

against Sir W. Williams while Speaker.

Members take Oaths.

Mitchell

Election.

Petition

concerninga

Member,

of Commons; and for doms of Parliaments; was.

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of Sir William JVUUams Knight and Baronet, chester Recorder, Alderman, and Citizen, of the City of Chester, Election, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner was engaged, at the Iiequelt of Colonel Roger Whitley Mayor, and divers other principal Citizens of Chester, to stand to he elected one of their Members to lerve in this Parliament; and the Petitioner endeavoured to have the Writ lent to Chester before the 21 th of October lait, which was their County Court-day; hut, by Contrivance, the same came not there till the 22th; whereby, the Election was protracted to the 18th of November; during which time, the Mayor, and Sir John Maiirwaring, with Sir Tho. Grosvenor, clandestinelyconforted tofrustrate the Petitioner's Election, and to have the Mayor and Sir Tho. Grosvenor elected; and, to effect the fame, they made use of the Power of the Mayor over the Citizens, who had procured himself to be Mayor 3 Years, and prevailed

to

13° Decem.

1695,

to continue so for the present Year; and, by large Declara- Mr. Harley, from the Commissioners for taking and National tions and Engagements of the Mayor, and Sir Tho. to have a stating the publick Accounts, presented to the House, Debt. Common Hail erected for the City, and vait Expences at according to Order, a State of the Debt of the Nation, the Election; and by Bribes and Menaces, with Violence, so far as it appeared to them: And also a general State upon the Petitioner's Voters, they prevailed with the greater of the Receipts and Payments of the publick Revenue, Number of Voters; and are returned as duly elected, in between the Feast of St. Michael 1694, and the Feast of Prejudice of the Right of the Petitioner, and the said City: St. Michael 1695.

And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises. And the said State of the Debt was read; and is sis

Ordered, That the Merits of the Election for the said City > followeth; viz. be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Month.

L

1. In respect to the War, due at Michaelmas 1695.

To the Navy.

At the Navy Office -At the Victualling Office -

To the Army; viz.

To the Forces that served in the Reduction of Ireland To the Forces paid by the Earl llanelagh, due from 1 ft Apr. 1692, to 31 March 1695 -

s.

d.

£. s. d.

450,740 ——

389,034 ——

the same time -To the Danish Forces, to the same time

-j

/ /

To the whole Army, from lft Apr. 95, to 30th"l a 8 ,

Sept, following, by Computation -J '95 7?

557,613 7 8

40,015 *9 4 3*

14,426 12 71

612,055 7 7

180,795 8 71

To the Ordnance; viz. For Sea Service For Land Service

At the Transport-Office.

The Irish Debt, for which Interest is allowed -More, on the said Account, due to the Dutch

More for the Service of 1693, &c. to Michaelmas 95, due

Total relating to the War -

2. There must be paid, out of the first Aids granted in Parliament, to

make good the Grants of this present Year 1695.

On the reversionary Annuities, about ——

On the Coal and Glal's Act, near the Whole; which was

3. Tallies of Loan unsatisfied at Michaelmas 1695, and, for the most

part, will remain so, till otherwise provided for, by reason of the Deficiency of former Acts; viz.

The First 4.?. Aid ——

The Second Quarterly Poll ——

196,076 6 5i

792,850 16 2*

172,077 16 1 36,912 8 8

330,769 10 7

20,000 ——

350,769 10 7

81,373 17 Hi

s.

839,774 —

988,927

208,990

7f

6*

432,143 8 61

383,407 —

564,700 —

62,763 18 8 120,165 13 4}

2,469,834 16 Si

948,107 ——

4. For the Debt upon the Civil List

182,929 12 — f 44L504 17

4,042,376 6 7i

Besides the above Debt, Allowance must be made for the Charge of the Navy and Army from the lit October 1695, to the 31 December 1695; because all the Funds of 1695, as well as the Cash remaining in the respective Offices, are applied, in the above State, to reduce the Arrear due at Michaelmas 1695.

5. The Tallies of Loans and Anticipations, struck on the following Branches of the Revenue and unpaid at Michaelmas One thousand Six hundred Ninety-five, were as followeth; viz. On Hereditary and' Temporary Exercise ——

On Letter-money ——

On Wine-Licences -

On 1 Customs ——

488,597 16 11

106,080 19 10$

18,000 ——

209,890 14 10

822,569 11 7*

Note, The following Funds will fall considerably short of answering the Tallies struck upon them, and Interest thereof; viz.

Additional Customs; Paper and Parchment; \ of the Double; Duty on Births, Marriages, See.

But whatever they shall fall short, will not come in order to be provided for, until those Acts illiall be respectively expired: So no further Notice taken of them in this State.

Note also, rlhat the Duty on Salt, and that on Tonage will not anfiver what those Funds were granted for by near i4'o,oooo/. per Ann.; and the Deficiency thereof being ordered to be paid out of the Revenue unappropriated, will, by so much, pofipone the Civil List.

P. Foley, Harley, H. Boyle, Tho. PopcBlomif.

Also the Tide of the State of the Receipts and Payments was read; which are in a Book by

Ordered,

1

.7 W. HI. 13°-r~ r4° tksembris. 361

Ordered, That the said States do lie upon tb«ThbfejL to be perused by the Memhateiofitffo House.

‘ ‘ '

Supply. The House, according; to the Order of the Day, resolved

itself into a Committee of thetvhple House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his. Majesty, for the carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

' Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Ctynmittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made To morrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sahhati, 14* die Decembris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Preventing O IR Mathew Andreses presented to the House, accord-WooLt0 ing to Order, a Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool, and encouraging the Importation thereof from Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Louts desire a A Melfege from the Lords, by Si Cooke and

Conference. Sir Richard Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, this Morning at Twelve a Clock, upon a Matter relating to the Trade of this Kingdom.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do agree to a Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

St James, Westminster Parish Debts.

A Petition of the Rc6tor, and Gentlemen of the Board of Vestry, of the Parish or Parish-Church of James within the Liberty of Westminster, and of the several Workmen, Creditors to the said Church, in behalf of themselves, and others the Inhabitants of the said Parish, Owners and Occupiers of Houses there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, for eretting a new Parish, to be called St. James within the Liberty of Power was

given to raise the Sum of 2,000l. for finishing the Church then building; which laid Sum hath been raised, and paid to several Workmen therein employed; but the feme proves very insufficient; and the Parishioners are indebted to the several Workmen, with moderate Interest from >the time of settling their Debts, above 3,000l.; which Debt, if longer delayed, will grow much greater: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to raise upon themselves lb much Money as will discharge their said Debt.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the said Petition: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Hawker* and A Bill for suppressing Hawkers and Pedlars was read Pollan. the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vo i. XI.

CpLppel Granville reported, from the Committee of Tryal* for the whole House, to whom the Bill for Regulating of Tr#afoB* Tryals in Cjafqs of High Treafpn, and Misprifipu of 1 reason, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said BUI; which he read in his Place,; and afterwards delivered ip at the Clerk's Tablp: Where the lamp were, once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrafted.

Mr. Solicitor-General reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Double Return for the Borough of Mitchell in the County of Cornwall, and the Resolution of the said Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

That the Committee had inspefited the Record of the Return for Mitchell, in the County oiCornwall; and had considered the Petition of Humphrey Courtney Esquire, and Thomas Vivian Esquire, relating the reunto: And that by the Record it appeared;

That by one Indenture, dated 30th October 1695, mentioned to be made between the Sheriff of the County of Cormcall, and the Deputy Portreeve and Burgesses of Mitchell, and signed by Josias Free, as Deputy Portreeve, and several of the Burgesses,

Thomas Vivian Esquire, I,

By a like Indenture, Hu>nph.Court)iyJLfq ie urn '

By one other Indenture, of the same Date, mentioned to be made between the Sheriff and Portreeve, and signed by Timothy Gully, as Portreeve, and several of the Burgesses, Anthony Row Esquire,\ returne(1 By alike Indenture, Thomas Dobson\L((\u\reA That the Committee first examined,

Mr. Chute, the Clerk of the Crown; who said, That the Returns for the County of Cornwall were brought to him on Friday the 22th of November, about Six at Night: That Mr. Sharuood did deliver the Returns to him; and that, at the time of the Delivery to him, the said Four Indentures were annexed to the Writ: That Mr. R<rw, and a Person that came an Express with the Returns, were present at the Delivery: But by what Means the Returns were delayed, before they came to him, he could not tell.

That Mr. Hoblyn,a Member, informed the Committee, That he was present at the Election; and the High Sheriff was also present, and received the Indentures by which Mr. Vivian and Mr. Courtney are returned, and lealed the Counter-parts of the same Indentures: And that the Sheriff told him, Mr. Row had been with him, to return his Indentures, and so make it a Double Return; but the Sheriff told Mr. Hoblyn, He had refused Mr. Row 5 saying, He was obliged to return the Indentures annexed to the Precept.

That Mr. Manly and Mr. Vincent, Members, also informed the Committee, That the Sheriff had given to each of them the same Account of Mr. Row's coming to him, to get his Indentures returned; and that he had answered, as before testified by Mr. Hoblyn.

That then the Committee called in the Counsel:

And Mr. Courtney's Counsel insisted, That the Indentures by which Mr. Rent' and Mr. Dodson are returned, were not duly affixed to the Writ: And produced,

Mr. Edward Hoblyn; who proved the Counter-parts of the Indentures by which Mr. Vivian and Mr. Courtny are returned to be executed by the High-SherilF: And said, That Tobias Scollard, being sent with the Returns for

Cornwall, by Express, came to London on Wednesday Night: That he looked upon them; and that the Indentures whereby Mr. Rmo and Mr. Dodson are returned, were not sent up with the Indentures brought by Scollard, nor affixed to the Writ till Friday, after Eleven a Clock.

Mitchell

Eieftion,

4Z Mr.

3f 6*

14° Deeembris.

A. 1695.

Mr . Hoblynsaid further, That Gully, the pretended Portreeve, that had returned Mr. Raw and Mr. Dodson,

had left his Country, was outlawed, and lived in White-Fryars.

That Mr. Raw and Mr. Dodson's Counsel, on the other Side, produced a Letter from Mr. Courtney, directed to Mr. Gully, and dated the 22th October 95; wherein he owned him to be Portreeve, and desired him to sign a Deputation to Josias Free.

The Draught of the Deputation, inclosed in the Letter, was also produced to the Committee.

That, on behalf of Mr. Raw and Mr. Dodson, was also called

Mr. Gilbert Eyre; who said. He was present when Mr.

Raw desired the Sheriff to return his and Mr. Dodson's

Indentures; that the Sheriff did tell Mr. Raw, He could not doit; because, by the Act, he was to return the Indentures annexed to the Precept; but at last it was agreed, he should carry the Indentures to Mr. Hooker, and he should do as Counsel advised.

Mr- Hooker said, Scollard came to his House, whilst he was at dinner, on Thursday 21 Nov.; and about Half an Hour after 3 came again, and desired Money to pay the Fees of filing the Returns: Said, Mr. Row came to him, to annex his Indentures to the Writ: and said, He could get it under Counsels Hand, That it might be done; but Counsel did not think fit to do it,

Mr. Row not being able to give them an Account of the

Constitution of the Place. That he delivered the Returns to Mr. Sherwood, and ordered him to act as he should be advised: That they went to the Clerk of the Crown, and, not meeting with him, they brought back the Indentures to him: That, he having received a Letter from WE the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Addref*

the High Sheriff, with the Returns; by which it was left in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Considera- respecting to him to act as he thought fit; he, thinking it belt for tion the State of the Trade of this Kingdom, do find, Scotch E. I. the Sheriff to annex the other Two Indentures, did give That, besides many other Diladvantages and Difficulties Compaq. Order for the annexing of them: And, accordingly, they it now lies under, an Act of Parliament that hath lately were annexed on Friday, the Day the Parliament met, in received your Majesty's Royal Assent in your Kingdom the Afternoon. of Scotland, for erecting a Company trading to Africa

That Mr. Tregagle the High Sheriff's Letter was read; and the Indies, is likely to bring many great Prejudices wherein Mr. Tregagle wrote, that Mr. Row had his In- and Mischiefs to all your Majesty's Subjects, that are con-dentures, otherwise he would have sent them; and fur- cerned in the Wealth or Trade of this Nation: And there-ther. That whatever Mr. Hooker thought fit, he would fore, in all Duty to your Majesty, and the Care we ought

to have of this Kingdom, We do humbly represent to your Majesty, That the said Act does provide, That all Ships, Vessels, Merchandize, Goods, and other effects whatsoever, belonging to that Company, shall be free from all manner of Restraints or Prohibitions, and of all several Lawyers, who were of different Opinions in the Customs, Taxes, Seffes, Supplies, and other Duties, im-

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, lltoUl: } *48.

Tefcfor^N^{^"'- } ,75.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountague, Lord Mr. Conference

Attorney-General, Sir Wm. Trumball, Mr. Boyle, Sir with Lords, Hen. Hobart, Sir William TVilliams, Sir Ellis,

Mr. Wharton, Sir Rich. Temple, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Cooper, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ettcrick,

Mr, Elzoell, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr.

Solicitor-General, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Sir William Twisden, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Travers,

Lord Ashley Sir Fra. Winnington, Sir Godfrey Copley,

Colonel Granville, do manage the Conference with the Lords.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Boyle reported, That they had met the Lords at the Conference: And that the Lord Rochester managed the same on the Part of the Lords; who delivered himself to this Effect; That the Lords desire this Conference to preserv that good Correspondence that was necessary between both Houses; which the Lords would keep inviolable upon all Occasions: That the Lords, taking into Consideration the Trade of the Nation, had taken notice of an Act of Parliament made in Scotland, and had resolved upon an Address to be made to his Majesty; to which they desire the Concurrence of this House; as followeth; viz.

comply with.

That Mr. Sherwood said, Mr. Hooker did deliver him the Returns, with Directions to advise about them: That he went to the Clerk of the Crown, thinking to advise with him, but milled of him: That he advised with

35!/

Matter: That Mr. Hooker afterwards ordered the Return to be opened, and Mr. Row's and Mr. Dodson's Indentures to be affixed to their proper Place.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee, came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

posed, or to be imposed, by Act of Parliament, or otherwise, for the Space of One-and-twenty Years; And further, That the said Company, whole Members, Officers, Servants, or others, belonging thereto, shall be free, both in their Persons, Estates, and Goods, employed in the said Stock and Trade, from all manner of Taxes, Seffes,

That the Indentures by which Anthony Row Esquire, and Supplies, Excises, Quartering of Soldiers transient or Thomas Dodson Esquire, are returned to serve for the local, or levying of Soldiers, or other Impositions what-Borough of Mitchell, are not duly affixed to the Writ soever, during the Space of One-and-twenty Years: for electing Members to serve in this present Parliament By reason of which great Advantages granted to the for the County of Cornwall. Scotch East India Company, and the Duties and Difficul-

The said Resolution being read a Second time; ties that lie upon that Trade in England, a great Part of

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee the Stock and Shipping of this Nation will be carried in the said Resolution, That the Indentures by which thither; and, by this Means, Scotland be made a free Anthony Row Esquire, and Thomas Dodson Esquire, are Port for all East India Commodities; and, consequently, returned to serve for the Borough of Mitchell, are not those several Places in Europe, which were supplied from duly affixed to the Writ for electing Members to serve in England, will be furnished from thence much cheaper than this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall. can be done by the English; and therefore, this Nation

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend, upon will lose the Benefit of supplying foreign Parts with those Monday Morning next, to take off the said Return, so Commodities; which hath always been a great Article in unduly affixed. the Balance of our foreign Trade: Moreover, the said

Commodities will unavoidably be brought by the Scotch

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, into England, by Stealth, both by Sea and Land, to the That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges vast Prejudice of the English Trade and Navigation, and and Elections, That they do appoint a short Day to hear to the great Detriment of your Majesty, in your Customs: the Merits of the Return and Election for the Borough of And, when once that Nation shall have settled themselves Mitchell; in Plantations in America, our Commerce in Tobacco,

The House divided. Sugar, Cotton-wool, Skins, Malts, will be utterly

loft;

r

14* — 16° Decembris.

Uri,

itchE'

upaij

Supply.

7 W.III.

loft; because the Privileges of that Nation, granted to them by this Act, are such, that that Kingdom must be the Magazine for all those Commodities; and the English Plantations, and the Traffick thereof, loft to us, and the Exportation of our own Manufactures yearly decreased. Besides these, and many other Obstructions that this

3^3

Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 2,524,853/. 19*. t\d. be granted to his Majesty, for the Maintenance of the Land-Forces for the Service of the Year 1696.

Resolved, That this House will, apon Tuesday Morn- State of the Act will unavoidably bring to the general Trade of this ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Natinn. Nation, another Clause in the said Act, whereby your of the whole House, to consider further of the State of Majesty promises to interpose your Authority, to have the Nation.

Restitution, Reparation, and Satisfaction, made for any

Damage that may be done to any of the Ships, Goods, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Address 00 Merchandize, Persons, or other Effects whatsoever, be- Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare an Act- f'ate longing to the said Company, and That upon the publick dress, to be presented to his Majesty, upon the Resolutions "e 0,n'

1_ _ 1 _ A i. f _ A A __ 1 U aay\l a A 4U a aL._1 1

Charge, does seem to engage your Majesty to employ the Shipping and Strength at Sea of this Nation, to support this new Company, to the great Detriment even of this Kingdom.

All which great Prejudices, Inconveniences, and Mif-chiefs, arising by the said Act, We, in all Duty and Faithfulness, lay before your Majesty.

And that then the Lord Rochester added, That the Lords do not, in this Address to the King, propose any Remedies, as is usual in most Addresses that are presented to his Majesty; because the Inconveniences complained of arise in a Kingdom independent of this; for which the Remedies will, in their Opinion, be more securely provided for in Bills that may be agreed on between the Two Houses here: But, because some Length of Time may be requisite for the preparing such Bills for the Royal Assent, their Lordlliips have thought it necessary, by this Address, that his Majesty, in the mean time, may be fully informed of the great Mischiefs which this Scotch Act of Parliament may bring upon the Trade of this Nation.

The said Address being delivered in at the Table, was twice read.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with " Commons."

Resolved, That this House do agree with the Lords in the said Address, so amended.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to -desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do carry the said Message.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for -carrying on the War against France, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Sixteen thousand Nine hundred Seventy and Two Pounds be allowed for the Officers of the Two Marine Regiments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 87,440 Men, including Commission and Non-commissioned Officers, according to the Lift of the Land-Forces delivered into the House, are necessary, for the Service of the Year 1696, to be employed in England and beyond the Seas.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay of the Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, according to the said Lift of the Land-Forces delivered into the House, for the Service of the Year 1696, be the Sum of 2,007,881 L19$. ur/.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 500,000 /. be allowed for the extraordinary Service of the Office of Ordnance, and for the Pay of the General Officers, and for Transports, Hospitals, Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War, vfor the Service of the Year 1696.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vo i, XI.

of this House, relating to the Coin, That they had prepared an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with an Amendment made thereunto, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

May it please your Most Excellent Majesty,

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament, having taken into our serious Consideration, the great Mischiefs which this your Kingdom lies under, by reason that the Coin which passes in Payments is generally clipped; and being humbly of Opinion, That the most effectual Way to put a Stop to this Evil, is, to prevent the Currency thereof, as soon as your Majesty in your, great Wifdoin shall think fit; do most humbly address to your Majesty, to ifl'ue out your Royal Proclamation, and thereby appoint such Day, or Days, as to your Majesty shall seem meet, after which no clipped Crowns, or Half-crowns, be allowed in Payment, or to pass; except only to the Collectors and Receivers of your Majesty's Revenues and Taxes, or upon Loans, and Payments into your Exchequer: And likewise to appoint such other Day, or Days, after which they shall not pals in any Payment whatsoever.

And we further humbly beseech your Majesty, to appoint such other Day, or Days, after which no other Money clipped within the Ring be allowed in Payment, or to pass; except only to the Collectors and Receivers of your Majesty's Revenues and Taxes, or upon Loans, or Payments into your Exchequer: And likewise to appoint such other Day, or Days, after which no such Money shall pals in any Payment whatsoever.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 16* die Decembris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according Mitchell to Order, took off the Return of Anthony Row Return Esquire, and Thomas Dodson Esquire, for the Borough of amended. Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall.

A Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and en- Preventini courage the Importation thereof from Ireland, was read Export of a Second time. Wool.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blofeild,

Sir John Bolles, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Stonekouse, Mr. Elwill, Mr. Ogle, Sir Jerv.

Elwes, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir fVm. Lowther, Mr.

wyn, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Hoare, Mr.

Clarke, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Molesworth,

Mr. Slater, Sir Mar. JVyvell, Sir Math. Andrews, Lord Coningsby, Mr. England, Mr. Speke, Mr.

Mr. Newport, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Tanner, Mr. White,

Mr.

Committees.

Wearing Gold and Silver.

Conference with Lords.

Clipped

M<»ney

Deficiency.

Theft, on Northern Borders.

Wys and Lugg Navi-vigation.

Blount's

Eiiate.

Elections-

double

Keturos.

A 1^5*

lifted, That they bacf

..... v, Billwliich- they had

Sir John Smithy Mr. Heveningham, Sir Edward Ascough, dirked; him to report to the Hpule; and which Be react Mr. Nor reus, Lord Fitzharding, Mr. Bouycr, Mr. Aus- in his Place j, and afterward^ delivered in at the Clerk'

ihi, Mr. Morgan, Srs € ha. Keymish, Colbnel' Party, Mr. TaWe: Where the feme were ,once read throughout

Foley: And they are to meet this Aftemoori' at Four a arid then a Second time, one By one; and some, of theto Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers. agreed; and Others disagreed,- unto byt the House.

Ordered, That die Bill, with the Amendments, Be Ordered, That all Committees be revived. ingrossed.

j$4 if — i

". ‘ f. " - -* - . , ,« , \,; .;

Mr. Fogg] Mf. Hehly, MriHow, Mr. Maarg, Mr. to fqrve in' Parliament was- cpfipa

Pelham, Sr Ra. Dutton, Sir TKo. Roberts. 'orc John Kay,' made fey era! Amendments to '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a‘ Bill to prohibit the Wearing of any Gold or Silver during the Wait: And that' Mr. Heveningham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Boyle reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon thfe Subject-matter of the last Conference, they do agree to a Conference, presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Members who managed the last Conference do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And. being returned;

Mr. Boyle reported, That they had met the Lords at the Conference; and acquainted them with the Concurrence of this House to the Address lent from their Lordships: and left the Address with them.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising a Fund, or Funds, for supplying the Deficiencies of the clipped Money, was read.

Resolved, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, and receive Proposals in relation thereunto.

Then the House fefolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of die Committee.

Mr. Speaker rpfumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and come to a Resolution ;. which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And. then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 17* die Deccmbris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue several former Acts to prevent Theft and Rapine upon, the Northern. Borders of England: And that Mr. Bickerstaffe and Mr. Foster do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord Conlhgbsy presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for making the Rivers of IVye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, navigable.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Robert Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount Baronet to make Provision for his younger Children, upon the Marriage, of his eldest Son, was committed, 'That they had examined and considered the fame; arid directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing false and double Returns of Members 24

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and King Mr. Meredeth: appoints to

Mr. Speaker, v an.

We are commanded to acquaint this llonfe, That the Lords having sent tq know his Majesty's tleafute, when he would be attended with the Address of both Houses of Parliament, in relation to an Act of Parliament lately passed in Scotland, for establishing an East India Company there, his Majesty was pleased to appoint this Afternoon, between Three and Four of the Clock, to be attended at Kensington, by both Houses, with the said Addiefe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ways &a4 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Coloqel Granville reported, from the Committee of the Clipped whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Miney W ays and Means for raising a Fund, or Funds, for fop- ^cticienc7-plying the Deficiencies of the clipped Money, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to reprirt to the House ;. and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme w*as read; and is as followethy viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this 'Committee,

That a Fund, or Funds, he provided, for raising a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for supplying the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

The fiiid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Fund, or Funds, be provided, for raising a Sum,. not exceeding the Sum of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for supplying the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That it be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the said i,200,0001, for supplying the Deficiency of the clipped Money;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday'Mom-.ing next, tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation:

And that they do consider of Ways and Means for raising the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for supplying the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

‘Air.' Chancellor ofthd Exbhequer acquainted the House, Answer That their Addicts having, according to Order, been Address. presented 'to his Majesty, That he would please'to issue his Proclamation relating to the clipped Money; his Majesty was pleased to fav. That! he would issue his Proclamation accordingly, 'vHfty all convenient Speed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported frdm'‘the Coinage. Committee appointed to prepare a . Bill for the regqlafing the Coinage of the Silver Money of this Kingdom, That they had prepared the same accordingly; and had Uirested him to preferst the Bill, to the Hqufe: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Bill wai read the First time.

Reblved,

w.

t j" — 18° Decetttiris.

3*5

Try u1 s for TreuJou,

Refblvedy That the JKII be reed a Second time upon Friday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock*

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for regulating of Tryala in Cafes of Treafbn, and Misprision of Trenton, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Reverting Judgment ugmuit Sir \V. Williams while Speaker.

The Order of the Day, far the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for reverting the Judgment given again# Sir William PPi/rumis, for what be did as Speaker of the House of Commons; and for aborting the Rights and Freedom of Parliament; being read:

And the Question being put, That Mr* Speaker leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Rcfblvcd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Clark, Mr. Stringer, Afr. Moore, Mr. Hunt: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it lye an Inftmftion to the Committee, That they do examine into what Monies, Rewards, or Gratuities, have been given or (topped, or agreed to be given or flopped, for promoting the said Act of Parliament.

Colonel Granoilk also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

'Ll

F.ngjifhPetition of the Governor and Company of Merchants

Unit - India of London, trading to the East Indies, in a General Court,

t, Company. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That 0, his Majesty hath, by several Charters, granted to the Peti-

tioners an Establishrnent of the Trade to the East Indies', and was pleated to appoint. That the Sum of 744,0001. jQiould be added to the general joint Stock of the Company; which was accordingly done: Since which, they have lent out Nineteen Ships, laden with considerable

Cargoes; whereof to the Value of 270,70 of 1 os.of the

Product of this Kingdom: That, notwithstanding their great

Losses, they have unanimously agreed to pay 300,000l. for the more eff< final carrying on this advantageous Trade to this Kingdom; which is in Danger of being loft, by reason of the great Privileges granted to joint Stocks of neighbouring Nations: That the Petitioners have now Four outward bound Ships in the Downes, richly laden, and are fitting out Four more;in all which is, and will be,

laden great Quantities of Goods of the Growth and Pro- Money as will discharge their Debt for building the ir

Mercurii, 18* die D

Septitnp Gufiehni Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount Blount'* Baronet to make Provision for his younger Children, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son, was read the Third time.

Rt/olved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount Baronet to make a Settlement, upon the Marriage of his elrlc(l Son.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.'

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the St. James, Ho'.fe, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Parish of St. James, Westminster, to raise upon themselves lo much *^ari t

Parish-Church, Rector's House, Vestry, and other Works there.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Biclerslaffc preferred to the House, according to Theft on Order, a Bill to continue several former Afib, to prevent Northern Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England. B'>rders* The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ante l Adlni

: Camp.

dust of England;and that the Company expert the greatest Part of 15 Ships, which they have now in India, home the next Year: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for EltabJishing of the said Company, with such Privileges and Immunities as the House shall think fit, and as may best preserve the present joint Stock, and enable them to carry on the Trade to the Honour and Advantage of the Nation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider fui ther of the State of the Nation.

A Petition of Thomas and others, qn behalf of Hackaey

State of The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- themselves, and others, of the ancient licensed Hackney Coachmen,

the Nation, "solved Itself into a.Committee of the whole House, to Coachmen, was presented to the House, and read} set-consider further of the State of the Nation. ting forth, That, upon a Petition presented to the House

Mr. Speaker left the Chair the last Session of Parliament, complaining of several

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee. Abuses committed by the Commissioners for regulating Mr. Speaker refuraedthe Chair. and licensing Hackney Coaches, after a great Expence in

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, prosecuting the said Petition, the House w as plea fed to That they l>ad directed him to move the House to appoint resolve, That the Petitioners had proved the Substance of a-Committee, to examine what Methods were taken for their Petition, and were worthy the Consideration and obtaining the Act of Parliament passed in Scotland, for -Relief of the House; and that several of the said Com-establishing an East- India Company; and who were the missioners had, by Bribery and other indii eft Means, acted Subscribers thereunto; iand who were the Promoters and corruptly ami arbitrarily, contrary to the I'rust repoled in Advisers thereof. them; but, by.reafouof the many weighty Affairs then

And it is referred to Sir Chris Musgrcroe, Sir Wm. taking up the short Time of that Session, the Petitioners Honywood, Sir Wm. Williams, Lord Spencer, Mr. Boyle, could not possibly have the Relief intended them: And

Air. Land her, Mr. Elwill, Serjeant Crnrnrd, Colonel praying that the House will take their Grievances into

Granville, Serjeant Bond, % lv. Harky,§ir Fra.Wminglon, Confineration; and give l^ave, That a Bill may be Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Drake, Mr. Molemorth, Lord Ashly, brought in to redreis the fame.

Mr . ‘Foley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Ja. Mountague, Sir Richard That the Cousideration of the said Petition be

Onslow, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Chadwick, Sir John referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the

Belles, SirTho. Littleton, Sir Gadfry Copley, Sir Waller Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion

Xonge,.6ir IVm. Scawen, Mr .'Smith, Colonel Perry, Mr. therein, to the 4doufe.

Norris, Sir John Fleet, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Priee, And it is referred to Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr S\cEdw.Seymour, Mr. Chase, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Palmes, ;Lord »Sir H. , Sir Win. Drake, Mr. Hedger,

JSk S.Barnardhton, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Gardner, Mr.1 Mr. Gardner, AJr. Air. Moore, Mr. Elwill, Mr.

Bromley, Sir Ja. Etheridge, Mr. Randall, Mr. Manly,-; Sir Fho. Roberts, sir Geo. Markham, Mr* VjpjL £L 5 A

.18* — 19° Decembris, ,i 5.

Kendall, Mr. Biderstdffe, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Frauen, Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Sir Rich. Sand ford, Sir Ro. Cotton^ Mr. Blofeild, Lord viz.

Spencer, Mr. Smith, Mr. Peirpont, Mr. Alolesworth, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. Colt, Mr. Wlutacre, Mr. Blake, Sir Gerv. Elices, That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Farrar, Sir Win. A shunt, Mr. for carrying on the War against France, the Time for Maxvdit, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Cox, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Persons to come in, and purchase the Annuities mentioned John Bolles c And they are to meet this Afternoon at in an Act, intituled, An Act for enabling such Persons as Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers. have Estates for Life, in Annuities, payable by several

former Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain Darwent Mr. Bagnall presented to the House, according to further, or more certain, Interests in such Annuities; and, Navigation. Order, a Bill for making navigable the River Dar- in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to pur-went, in the County of Derby: And the same was re- chafe or obtain the fame; for railing Monies for carrying ceived. on the War against France; be enlarged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, An ingrossed Bill for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, High Treason, and Misprision of Treason, was, according for carrying on the War against France, the Duties granted to Order, read the Third time. by an Act, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title . Distilling of Brandy and Spirits from Com; and for lay-be, An Act for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treason, ing several Ditties on low . Wines, or Spirits, of the first and Misprision of Treason. - - Extraction; be continued to be collected, levied, and paid,

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do carry the Bill to for the Term of Three Months alter the Expiration of the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. . the said Act.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Mr. Speaker reported, That Yesterday, in the After- time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, noon, both Houses did attend his Majesty with their Ad- agreed unto by the House.

dress, in relation to the Act of Parliament passed in Scotland, Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the

for establishing an East India Company there: And that said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. thereupon his Majesty had been pleased to make a most Solicitor-General, and Mr. Serjeant Bond, do prepare, gracious Answer, to the Effect following; vis.and bring in, the feme.

Tryals for Treason.

Answer to Address.

I Have been ill served in Scotland; but I hope feme Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- Supply. Remedies may be found to prevent the Inconveniencies ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole which may arilc from this Act. House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted

to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Ways The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself

tnd Means, into a Committee of the whole Ilouie, to consider of An ingrossed Bill to prevent false and double Returns Elections*

Ways and Means for raising the Supply to he granted to w as read the Third time. Double

his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, An Amendment being proposed to be made, Press 2d, Returus-being read; L. last, alter " Commons," to insert "or give any Cer-

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to " tificate of any Person not returned fend for Persons, and receive Proposals in relation The feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, thereunto. agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee rlable accordingly.

of the w hole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refmncd the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made fume Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to feme Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections

of Privileges. adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 19* Decembris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Darwent A BILL for making navigable the River Darwent, in Navigation. f\ the County of Derby, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ways and Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of Cleans. the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to fi rve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for Supprcffing of Hawkers and Pedlars was Hawkers read a Second time. and Pedlar*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Fran. Molyneux, Sir Waller Young, Mr.

Gwynn, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Perry, Sir Bolles,

Mr. Osborne, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Price, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Poultncy, Mr. Bickerstaff'e, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Moyle,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Gardner, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Gods.

Copley, Sir John Banks, Mr. Blofeild, Sir

Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Clark, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bofcartcn, Mr. England, Lord Coningsby,

Mr. Minvdit, Mr. Molesicorth, Mr. Air.

dants, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Thornhagh, Lord Cornbury,

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Haney, Mr. Air. Burrard,

Air. Monson, Mr. Swift: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Enrourige. the Encouragement of Privateers: And that Admiral ®eut ot Russell and Sir Eliah Harvey do prepare, and bring in, Pmatwrs' the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day re- State of solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to to* Naiioo. consider further of the State of the Nation; and to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for Supply of the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

Mr.

7 w. in.

19* — so0 — 218 Decembris.

367

Committees.

Ik

Rt~

Encouragement of Privateers.

Drnitwich bait-work s.

Parkins*

PiUle.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Granville also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they Mr. Waller, Mr. Arnold, Sir Go v. Sir John Key,

may have Leave to fit again. Sir William Louther, Lord Cornbury, Sir Matth.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- drews, Mr. Serjeant Coward, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Norres, 'next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Sir John Bolles, Mr. Sir Hot. Colt, Mr. Brezcer,

' " " ' " Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Sir Harry Hobart, Mr. Alorgan,

Mr. Fleming, Mr. England, Mr. , Mr. Thompson, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Grvynn, Mr. Foley, Sir Rob. Cotton, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Mr.

may not Hop or annoy the Members of this House: And that this Order be fixed upon Westminster-hall Gate, and in the Lobby of this House.

Ordered, That the Fees relating to the Proceedings of Fee* on this House be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do report their Opinion, what 0 "* 0 * Fees ought to be allowed to the Officers and Servants of the House:

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Clark,

ing

House, to consider further of the State of the Nation Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 20° die. Decembris;

Septimo Gulielmi TertiiT

Praters.

SI II Eliah Harvey presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers. The Bill was read the First Time. llcfolxed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Oi \lcred, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain several Doubts in an Act, made in the First Year of King iViluamand Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Salt-works in Droitxvich: And that Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and

Mr. Mcredeth.:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

enable Sir Thomas Parkins Baronet to fell certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in and would, in the County of York; and settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof: To which they detire the Concurrence of this House.

Ea"

Holbournand Finsbury Court of Conic it nee.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Housekeepers and Inhabitants of the Division called Ilolbourn and Finsbury Division, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are deeply fenftble of the intolerable Oppressions of the and other

inferior Courts, for finall Debts under 40 s. to the Ruin of many poor People, and their Families: And that nothing will contribute more, and be of greater Ease and

it

Benefit for the poorer Sort of People inhabiting within the said Division, than a Court of Conference for Recovery of Debts under 40 s. And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Recovery of finall Debts under 40 s. for the Relief of poor Debtors.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience for Hoibourn and Finsbury Division, for Recovery of finall Debts under 405. And that Sir JohnlVvlstenholmedo prepare, and bring in, the

Bill.

Member* not Ordered, That no "Member of this House do plead at

to plead the Bar of the House of Lords, without Leave of this ttho«'°rd* House obtained.

Leave*

Stain to be Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do take care to kept dear of keep the Stairs clear from Footmen; and that he do take Footmen. into Custody such of them as shall behave themselves rudely; and that the Constables of Westminster do take care, That the Pafi'ages in and about /1 esl winster-hall be kept clear from Chairmen and Coachmen; so that they Vol. XL

Boyle, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Elu'ill, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. hagh, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Manley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Post-master attending this House do Members not, at any time, deliver out any Letters to any Mem. Letter*, bers, during the Sitting of the House.

A Motion being made. That Sir Wm. William have chester Leave to w ithdraw his Petition touching the Election for City Lledion, the City of Chester;

Resolved, upon the Question, That the said Sir William Williams have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

A Bill for the Regulating the Coinage of the Silver Coinage. Money of this Kingdom was, according to the Order of the Day, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, state of th* at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Nation. House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself coinage, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the regulating the Coinage of the Silver Money of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the said Committee, That they had made Ibme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 21* die Decembris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parkin?

to enable Sir Thomas Parkins Baronet to fell certain Eftat*. Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Huby and Ea-singwould, in the County of York; and settling other Lauds and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Duties oa of the Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Giats, &c.

Majesty

IJtijfefty schrtdiii Duties upbti Glfife Wate3, StOffe arnf Earthen Bottles, Coals, ahti Culrft, for tarrying Ott the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; and report the Matter to the House. Audit is referred to Sir John , Sir drews, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Edw. Hatlty, Mr.

Lord Newport, Sir Win. Forester, Mr. Mr.

Mdrgati, Mr. England, Mr. Cott, Mr. Sit Win.

Blacket, Mr. How, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Newport, Lord Ashby, Mr. Norris, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Sir

Wih. Lbwthtr, Lord Conin Mr. Weld, Mr.

Sir John Kay. Mr. LotudswMr. Moore, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Wm. Whitmore, Sir Gerv. Sir John

Barker, Mr. Harley, Mr. York, Colonel Granvill, Mr. Pepys, Mr. Parker, Mr. Trye, Mr. Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Mr. Arnold, Sir

' Robert Colton, Mr. HummMr. Puget, Mr. Low then, Mt. Mawdit, Sir Hdi-ry Colt, Mr. Paine, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Balduyh, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. White, Sir Robert Ddv&S, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Mr. Tho.

Foley, junior, Mr. Staines, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Ash, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr.

Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Chancellor Ex cheerier, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Tinker, Mr. Walpole: And they art to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Regulating Sir John Belles presented to the House, according to RetiWnk. Order, a Bill for Regulation of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received.

St. James, A Bill to enable thfe Parish of St. James, Westminster, Westminster, to raise upon themselves so much Money as will discharge Parift Debt, fhdr Debt for building their Parish-Church, Rector's House, Vestry, and other Works there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chancellor of-Exchequer, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr.

Norris, Sir Godfry Copley, Sir Hump.Foster, Mr. Monson, Mr. Colt, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Tho. , Sir Tho. Pdpe Blount, Lord Digby, Mr. Mr. Ja.

Mount ague, Colonel Granville, Mr. Hammond, Lord Ra-

nelagh, Mr. Poultney, Sir Steph. Fox, Mr. Waller, Sir Chr.

Musgtav'e, Mr. Hcccningham, Sir W Mr.

Trhvirs, Mr. Dolbeti, Mr. Sir Hen. Colt, Mr.

Pocklington, Mr. Rrdmley, Mr. Austin, Mr. Biddolph, Sir Hen.Goodrich, Mr. Lowlhcr, Colonel Mr.

<Sw ft, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Bhfeihl, Air. ‘Walpole, Air.

» Frerten, Sir Edward Norfeys, Mr. 'Hedger, Air.

Lord Powlet, Mr. FuUer, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mawdit

Air. Turner: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Foul a'Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Potver'to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committw*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

— — ----- -- — - — ----- ----- ----- ----- --- ... .....i a

Luna, 23* die Decembris;

Septimo GulielmiTertii.

PttA Y£fcS.

AN itigrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Parkin*' to enable Sir Thomas Parkins Baronet to fell certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Huby and Easingwould, in the County of Yorkand settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, m lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the BHl be committed to Mr. Therm-hagh, Sir William Ashurst, Sir Eliah Harvey, Sir Wm.

Scawen, Mr. Staines, Mr. Brolherton, Air.

Sir Wm. Leather, Mt. Lffwther, Mr. Air. Foley,

Sir John Bolks, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir John Fogg, iur William York, Mr. Slater, Sir John Kay, Mr. W,

Mr. Burdet, Mr. Peirpoint, Mr. Morgan, Sir

Andrews, Sir Row I. Gwyn, Mr. Bremen-, and all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Leicester, Nottingham, and Lincolne: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a dock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

Ordered, That the Bill for making navigable the River Darwent Lam ent, in the County of Derby, be read a Second time Navigation, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into West- Members minster-hall, Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, with fuinm0Lc(^ his Alace, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

A Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers was read Encom-age-a Second time. n)e,t olir*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee 'dte#r*' of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, in the Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of ‘ the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon To- Call of ib« morrow Scvennight. House.

Ordered, That 1‘uch Members of this House as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upOh Monday Alorn-Nation. ihgnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the State of the Nation.

Coinage. The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee Of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Coinage of the Silver Aloncy of this Kingdom, being read:

Resolved, That the said Committee be impowered to consider of the Exportation of Corn,-and laying a Duty upon Bullion exported.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. ‘Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of fee Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer repotted from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fljbufe, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. 'Secretary Tmmball acquainted the House, That Answert# their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he A,larelw would please to procure, that all Commodities and Provisions that shall be transported from England, for the Use of the Forces in his Majesty's Pay abroad, may be exempted from any Duty of Excise throughout the Spanish and United Netherlands, that his Majesty was pleased to give this Answer, That what was desired by the said Address, had been done, in a good measur, for several Years; and that he would fee what can be further done in it.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Angler's enabling John Angier, an Infant, to make a Lease for Iui- k-tuie. provement of his Estate.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Coinag* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating the Coinage of the Silver Aloney of this Kingdom, being read;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause of Loan for such as will advance Aloney on Credit of the Exchequer, in general, transferable to such Fund, or Funds, as shall be settled by Parliament, towards making good the Deficiency of the clipped -Money

19 Ordered,

7 W. III.

2 30 — 240 Decembris.

>69

Recompence ' Ordered \That the said Committee do take care, that all for clipped Persons who shall bring in any clipped Money, above what Money. ,-g por xaxes> have a Recompence for the lame.

Blount's

Coinage.

uu.;M

mi-

Viisa

State of the Nation.

Committees.

m

duties on Giafc, &c.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holfvrd and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount Baronet to make a Settlement, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Foster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Colonel Perry presented to the House, according to hunger'. Ocder, a Bill to enable John Aungeran Infant, to make Estate* a Lease of his Estate, for Improvement thereof.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, accord- Supply Billing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Times for Persons Annuities to come in and purchase certain Annuities, therein men-Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, tioned; and for continuing the Duties formerly charged

% % 1 A li? *_^ _ .__ _ ma _ a 1 1 . 1 _ TT _ _ m 1 % An C 1 «wi f 1? tr

resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider for ther of the Bill for regulating the Coinage of the Silver Money of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeBers former

Tellers for the Noes, )145'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-

90.

on low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Extraction; for carrying on the War against France.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Regulation of Election of Members to Regulating serve in Parliament was read the First time. Elections.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Shipwrights, and other Workmen, Shipwright*, belonging to his Majesty's Yards at Woolwich and Deptford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That # *.

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Walter , Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Duke, Mr.

Hobby, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Tily, Mr. Speke,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Venables, Sir Cha.

Hotham, Mr. Yates, Mr. Whitacre, Mr. Gardner, Lord Digby, Mr. Manley, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Preistman, Lord Cotiingsby, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir Wm. to consider further of the State of the Nation. Colonel Perry, Mr. White, Mr. Sand ford, Lord

Ashley, Sir Rich. Onslow, Colonel Gratrcille, Mr.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr.

k 1 1 j 1 _ IV 'I ft* A / /V TV /C ftp 1 % / a 4 % 1\ if mm am a — - M" f

That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 24° die Decembris; Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Mr. Gwyn,

Sir Cloudsly Shovell, Mr. Price, Sir William Blacket, Mr.

Stonehouse, Mr. Lowther, Mr. WiniMr. Onslow, Sir Read. Gwyn, Mr. Henly, Mr. Foley, Mr. Thompson,

Lord Spencer, Mr. Norris, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr.

Baldwyn, Mr. Hoare, Sir John Trevillian, Sir Edward Harley, Sir Ral. Delavall, Sir Harry Hobart, Mr. dit, Mr. Bethell, Sir Godfry Copley, Mr. Ash, Lord wyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons and Papers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Southwark

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee to whom it is referred to consider of the Act, made the last Parlia- _ , ________

ment, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Privileges and Elections, touching the Borough of South- Electlon*

Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for work, be made upon Friday Morning next, carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; have Power to fend for Persons, and Papers: And that Mr. Bromley, Sir Jo.

Mamvaring, Mr. Mason, Mr. Bickerslaff'e, Mr. Archer, Sir Geo. Markham, Mr. Osbourn, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Neioport,

Mr. How, Sir Ha. Dutton, Sir Jam. Rushout, Mr. Staines,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Sandys', and all the Members that serve

for the County of Cornwall; be added to the said Committee: And all that come are to have Voices.

Thtt, on Northern Borders.

A Bill to continue several former Acts, to prevent Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bicker-staffe, Sir Matth. Andrczces, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Winington, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. England, Mr. Newport, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr.

Mountague, Sir John Kay, Mr. York, Mr. Gardiner, Mr.

Perry, Mr. Biddulph, Mr. Thompson, Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Henley, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Osborne,

Vox.. XL

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to the Coinage. Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Coinage of the Silver Money of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, all of them, but one, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

5&

zy" Decemhris,

A. 1695-

Supply Bill Annuities,

Veiling Interest of Judgments.

Veneris, 27* die Decemhris;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ill; A BIL L for enlarging the Times for Persons to come > Ji\.in and purchase certain Annuities, therein mentioned;

and for continuing the Duties formerly charged on low Wines and Spirits, of the first Extraction; for carrying on the War against France; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Bill to vest the Interest of Judgments, and other Securities assigned, in the Assignees, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir Robert Cotton,

Mr. Pock/ington, Mr. England, Sir John Mr.

ler, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Fuller, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr.

Whitaker, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Travers, loft many Voters:

on the War against Framej K&lve itself into a Com* jnittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raiik^r the Supply to be granted to hb Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Solicitor-General reported, from the Committee Southwtrfk* of Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Elec- e lon* tion for the Borough of Southxcarke, in the County of Surry, and the Resolutions of the said Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir George Meggott Knight, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of

Southwark:

The Committee have examined the Merits of the Election.

That the Majority of Votes was allowed to be with the Sitting Members.

That the Petitioner insisted, That by Riot and Tumult, made by several Persons that appeared against him, he

Mr. Hammond, Mr. Harley, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. How, Doctor Oxcnden, Sir Ji m. Farther, Mr. Farrer, Sir John Bolles, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Serjeant Bond,

Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Burdett: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Prevpnting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Etcapvs. preventing Escapes; and better Security and Relief of Creditors: And that Mr. Brewer do prepare, and brin<* in, the Bill.

Privilege of A Petition of the Heirs at Law of Sir Basset,

a Member in deceased, on behalf of themselves, and Creditors of the a Suit. laid Sir JVm. Basset, was presented to the House.

And, the same relating to Sir a

Member of this House; who was not present;

And that after the Poll was taken, a Scrutiny was demanded, and denied to him.

That the Witnesses that were produced on behalf of the Petitioner were;

Thomas Cuwper and John Who said, That

there was a great Crowd drawn up for Mr. and

Mr. Cow, of which about 500 Horse; and that feme of them eroded Sir and justled him: But saw

no Riot.

Holland, James Lawrence, James: Who

testified, That, about George's Church, a Dozen or more came with Staves in their Hands, and cried out, No Mcggot; and stopped the Petitioner's Coach, and struck the Coachman, and the Coachman them; and at last knocked down the Coachman: That Lawrence, who was Ordered, That the said Sir Edward Hungerford do near Sir George s Coach, bad his Head broke in

Preventing Export of W00L

Coinage.

attend, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Braver, Sir Robert Darers, Sir Robert Jenkinson, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Colt, Mr. Latter ell, Lord Spencer, Mr. Bertie, Serjeant Coward, Mr. Trye, Sir John Trcodlian, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool 1 and encourage the Importation thereof from Ireland; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the regulating the Silver Coin of this Kingdom was read the Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, Press 1. L. 20. to leave out "and were coined at the "lawful Mint or Mints of this Kingdom;" the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Iloule; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

several Places:

And Pledxcell said, he crying out, He was for Sir George Mcggot; they said, Knock him down: He said, He saw several, unknown to him, who would have voted for Sir George Mcggot, but were frighted from so doing: That he went to the Church to poll for Sir George Meggot, but could not get in till he cried out, A Cox, a Cox: And, being got in, he polled for Sir Geo. Meggot.

Francis Ingly: Who said. That Three, who polled for Sir George Mcggot, were let down to Mr. Boxcyer [and

Mr. Cox]; but one of them was afterw ards corrected: And laid. That he was fain to cry out for Cox before he could get to poll.

John Cornmill: Who said, That, in calling up the Poll, there was Sixty mistaken, to the Disadvantage of Sir Gee. Meggot; but could not say but afterwards it was correct ed.

John Lorimer, John Osxcelston, and John Cornmill:

TryaU for Treason.

he, An Act for the regulating the Coinage of the Silver Who said, A Scrutiny was demanded on behalf of Sir Money of this Kingdom. 1 ‘ 1 1 , J

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir

Richard IJot'for d:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treason, and Misprision of Treason, with feme Amendments; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

George Meggott-, but was denied; except for such as had been marked with a Queere.

That for the Sitting Members were produced;

John Lake, Thomas Matyn: Who laid, That they telling Sir George Meggot how much Mr. Boxcyer and Mr. Cox out-polled him; and wondering he, notwithstanding, would proceed in the Poll; he said. That he did not value it, if he loft it there; for he had Friends enough to bring him into the House of Commons; and said, He would lay 500l. he would be in the House.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions: it

Ways and Means.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Rejoiced, That this House will, To-morr6w Morning, That Antoni/ F.squire isdulyelefted a Burgess to

immediately after the Committee of the whole House hath serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of fat upon the Bill for enlarging the Times for Persons to wark, in the County of Surrey.

come in, and purchase certain Annuities, therein mention- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cd; and for continuing the Duties formerly charged on That Charles Cox Esquire is duly elected a Burgcls to low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; for carrying ‘ lerve

22 Supplied from the original Report.

ft-

C'<

H:

tti

-a.:

7 w.

4'7""rr3S' Dtcembris.

iJ*

ferre -in this preteritt Farliatbeal fee tbue £Jert>ugh qfi'&Mtitt.-

want, in ihe County of A'amp. . ! l;

Resolved, Thai it is the'Opinion of this 'Con That the Petition of Sir George, Mtggrtt, complaining 0/

an undue Election for the Borough of Southwark, is vB»-atious, frivolous, and groqadletk \

Jfi*, 'V X<. *27 " John Licks."

leave opt ,c George flicks," and infut

Petition The laid several Ee&Icrion*, erally read a Ser

dalous^nd"" cont* time, were, upon tije Question federally put there* Petitioner wp®n. agreed unto fey the Hause.

committed; Me faked, That Sir George inwing preferred to

this House a gronndless and vexatious Petition, relating to die Election of (Members to ferae, in this present Parliament for the Borough and having feau-

dahped the House, in declaring, That, without being duly choien, he had Friends enough in diePIoufeto bring him hi to this House;be taken into the Oufiody of the Sarjeanf

at oimts attending this Hcoite.

Rcsoivod, That tii r George Meggatt do make Satisfaction to the Morfihers of this House fie petitioned again/1, for the Colts and Expences they have been put unto, hyreason ef such Petitiao. 1

and ordered to make istisfadlion.

Stoughton'* Ac. Estate.

Stoughton's Ac. Estate.

A unger'g Estate.

Parkins'

Eftats.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and

Mr. -Pfef *'

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Pill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate fate of Sir Nicolas Stoughton and... Laurence Stoughton Baronets, deceased, in Xruftees, to be sold, for the Payment of their Debts, and railing Portions for tjhe Daughters of the said Sir Nicolas Stoughton: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbat i,28* die;

Septinao Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for vetting the Estate of Sir Nicolas Stoughton and Sir Laurence Stoughton Baronets, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of their Debts, and railing Portions for the Daughters of the said Sir Nicolas Stoughton, w as read the First time.

Refblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable John Aunger, an Infant, to majee a Lease of his Estate, for the Improvement thereof, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel with their Opinion therein, to the IIoulc.

'Ordered, Tfrat the Report from the Committee of the State of the whole House, toWh<bm it was referred to exm filer further hf the State of the Nation; and of Ways and Means for hailing Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for supplying of the Deficiency of the clipped Money; be made upon day Mpming next

Ordered, That all Committees he revived. Committees.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to Annuities, consider of the Bill for enlarging the Times for Persons to come in, and pufehafc certain Annuities, therein mentioned; and for continuing the Duties formerly charged on low Wines, ' and Spirits, of the first Extraction; for carrying on the War against France.

JVfry Speaker fest the Chafe.

Sir Thomas Littleton took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr* Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when file House will please to receive die fame.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning nest.

A Petition of Matthew Aylmer Esquire was presented Portsmouth to the House, and read; letting forth, That at an Elec- Election, tion for a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, die Petitioner and Colonel Gibson ftoad Candidates; and uvany Hundreds of the Burgesses and Inhabitants voted for each of the Candidates; and the Poll was taken of all such Votes, by Consent, before die Casting up thereof; whereupon it appeared, That the Petitioner had the Majority, without Contradiction; and the Petitioner was then declared elected; and demanded, and was promised by the Tmvn-Clerk, a Return the next Day: But afterwards, die Mayor,

'at a private Consult between him and feme few Aldermen, was prevailed upon to put the Common Seal to an Indenture and Return, now with the Clerk of the Crown; wherein it is mentioned, That the Major, Aldermen, and Burgesses, had choien Colonel Gibson; and that Part of the Burgesses, with the major Part of the Inhabitants, had chosen the Petitioner; though, during the whole Transaction, there was not the lcait Claim or Pretence for the Burgesses to cleft, exclusive of the Inhabitants: And praying the Considerution of the House, and Relief in the Pretniles.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame.

Sir John Bodes, Sir John Key, Mr. England, Mr. -acre, Mr. Bromley, Mr. StonehMr. Mr.

Norris, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Mr. Staines, Mr.

White, Mr. Henly, Mr. Bet hell, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Mr. Gardner, Mr. Blake, Mr. Swift, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Munson, Mr. Chase, Mr. , Sir

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do proceed speedily to hear and examine the said Matter.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill for Nassau's,&c. the Naturalizing of Henry de and other Children Nat-

William Coriton, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Moore, Mr. Cooper, of Henry de Nassau Seignior: And that

Mr. Brent, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Morden, Mr. Brewer, Colonel Granville do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Waller, Mr. Neville, Mr. Arnold: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways and Chamber. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means.

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- Mr. Staines reported from the Committee, to whom ply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War the ingossed Bill from the Louis, intituled, An Act for against France. enabling Sir Thomas Parkins Baronet to fell certain Mef- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

fuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Huby and Easing- Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

would, in the County of York; and for settling other Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu there- Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, of; was committed; That they had examined and consider- That they had made some further Progress, and come to ed the fame; and had made one Amendment to the Bill; several Resolutions; which they had directedhim to report, which they had directed him to report to the House; and when the House will please to receive the same, which he read in hie Place; and afterw ards delivered in at , That the said Report be made upon Monday

the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and Morning next.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That

agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz. Vol. XL

he

A

372 28° — 3 o° DecA. 1695.

he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 30* die Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Parkins' A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. jl\ to enable Sir Thomas Parkins Baronet to fell certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Huby and Easingzcould, in the County of York-, and settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof} was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with an Amendment: To which they desire their, Lordships Concurrence.

Xvon Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

Navigation, make navigable the River Avon, in the County of Somerset, between die Cities of Bath and Bristoll: And that Mr. Blathwaite and Mr. Heveningham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Stoughton's, An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Estate. for veiling the Estate late of Sir Nicolas Stoughton and Sir Laurence Stoughton Baronets, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of their Debts, and raising Portions, for the Daughters of the said Sir Nicolas Stoughton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Gervas Elzces, Mr. Baldxiyn, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. ycr, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Henly, Mr. Norris, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Sir Robert Sir

Richard Sand ford, Mr. Venables, Mr. Hedger, Mr. JVal-ler, Mr. Ash, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. England, Mr. Lmcther, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Parker, Mr. Harvey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill; Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee of Annuities, the whole House, to w'hom the Bill for enlarging the Times for Persons to come in, and purchase certain Annuities, therein mentioned; and for continuing the Duties formerly charged on low Wines, and Spirits, of the first Extraction; for carrying on the War against France', was committed; the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them disagreed, and the Residue agreed, unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, with Blanks, for a Liberty of Pre-emption to the Bank of England} and twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

State of the Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, Nation. reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the State of the Nation; and of Ways and Means for railing Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for Supply of the Deficiency of the clipped

Money; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in-at the Clerk's Table: Where the some were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for supplying the Deficiency of the Coin, a Duty be laid upon all Dwelling-houses, except Cottages.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be Two Shillings yearly upon each House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That every House having Ten Windows do pay Four Shillings yearly, over and above the said Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That every House having Twenty Windows do pay Eight Shillings yearly, over and above the said Two Shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duties be paid by the Inhabitants of the said Houses.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be re-committed to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Bill for making navigable the River Damnt Darwen, in the County of Derby, be read a Second time Navigation, upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Encomage-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ment of House, to consider of the Bill for Encouragement of ^v*1*1. Privateers.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning w resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of Dto#, the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, an Aid, not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to the true yearly Value thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towqjds the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, an Aid, also not exceeding Four Shillings in the Pound, be laid upon all personal Estates, other than Houshold Goods, and Stock upon Lands; and upon all Offices and Employments of Profit, other than military Offices in the Army, Navy, and Ordnance; according to the true yearly Profit thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in according to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Serjeant Bond, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Gibson Esquire waspresented to the Portsinoutli House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Eledio*. Matthew Aylmer Esquire, stood Candidates at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the county of ;

and the Petitioner was duly elected by the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, in whom the Right of Election is:

But Mr. Aylmer, by many undue Practices, and by setting

up

7 W. III.

jo® — 31° Decembris.

373

up the Right of Ele&iori to be in the Populace, who never pretended to have any Vote uptil since the Resolution, and the same never controverted, hath procured Jiimself to he returned in the same Indenture with the Petitioner j whereby the Petitioner is hindered from lifting in the House, till the Matter of the Return be determined: For which Kealbn, he intended to petition the House, but that he was informed, he ought to fray until the Return came to the Clerk of the Crown; which was not till this Morning, as the Petitioner is informed; though Mr. Aylmer hath obtained an Order, upon his Petition, for a speedy Hearing, upon a Suggrliion, that the Return was

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Committees.

Morning, Nine a. Clock.

Marl is, 31* die Decembris; Septimo Gulichni Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Common- Wye and Council, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Monmouth* then with the Clerk of the Crown, and that the Petitioner was prefonted to the House, relating to the Pill for making procured the same to be made; which could not be; for the RiversWye and Lugg, in the County of Ucnjord,

Lug:> Navigation.

»ai;

Wans

Hu

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Dit>

that the Petitioner, was absent from Fortfmoath, when Air. Aylmer, by Threats, procured the Mayor to make the said Return: And praying. That the House will appoint a time for hearing the Merits of the Election, as well as the Rinht of the Return.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the fai l Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the lloule.

Ordered, That the said Committee do hear and examine the Matter of the said Petition, at the same time the y hear and examine the Matter of the Petition o (Matthew Aylmer Esquire.

Sir Edzrard Ilimgerfordattending in his Place, according to Order;

The Petition relating to him, prefonted to the House on Friday lait, was read; letting forth. That Nr It iliiam Basset, being seized and palLlied of a cunliderabie real and personal Imitate, in Sejihiuker i(ip3, made his Will; and made Sir Eduard 11 linger) oid, ami John 1 l>h Gentleman, deceased, his ivxccutors, in fl ndt, to pay tos Debts, and feme few Legacies; and, alter ioo/. apa ce paid to his Executors, he gave the Refuluc of his Eltute, lb as it ought to go, to the Sifters and Coheirs of Sir IVm. Basset: That there are Suits in Chancery, by the Petitioners and Creditors, to have the Trust executed; to which Sir Edward Ilanger/ord unlwered, in time of Privilege of lait Parliament; but now inlists upon the same; lb that the Petitioners dare not venture to proceed in the said Suits, without Leave of the House: And praying Leave to proceed in the said Suits, without incurring the Difplca-sure of the House.

And the said Sir Eduard Hungerford was heard in his Place.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

na viga hie.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Rill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the I Toufe be called over upon this Day Call of the Seveniiight: And that fuel) Members as limit not then H^use. attend the Serv ice of the l louie, be li nt for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of Michael Calvert and John Bingle, on Shipwrights, behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Shipwrights and See. other- Workmen, belonging to his Majesty's Yard at Chatham, was prefvnted to the House, and read; letting forth, That *

r!hat the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Shipwrights ol // ooizcieh and Dcjijord is aimed.

Preventing Export oi

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Devon, IForcesier, Hi/ts, Xor/oli:, and Sitffolke, be added to the Commiitee, to w hom the Hill to NVoul* prevent the Exportation of Wool; and encourage the Importation thereof from Ireland; is committed: And all that come are to have Voices.

ncounuMiiji

Red Lyon-iqu-dre (St. Andrew'* llolhorn) new I'driih.

Ways and Means.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for y the lnneafe and Encouragement of Seamen: And that Seanvrn.

Sir Richard Onslow and Sir Rowland Guyn do prepare, and biing in, the Bill.

Air. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the St. James, Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Parish of St- WVrtmmiwr James, Westminster, to raite upon themselves lb much l^iiihDebu Money, as will discharge their Debt for building their Parish-Church, Rector's House, Vestry, and other Works there, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Q udt ion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the lloule.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Red Lyon- fqiiare, Bedford walk, &c. was pre f illed lo the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the building a Church there be brought

in, according the Older of the lloule. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Coinage.

n rpi . it r j i* i ,* i reiulve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Revived, That tins House do immediately resolve ltlelt r . , n , c. v n

J i it i* J c\ c fci consider turther of the State of the Coin ol this King-

mto a Committee of the w hole House, to consider turther , 4l c

cloni; and for the preventing the Stop ot Commerce

during the lie-coining of the dipped Monies.

of Ways and Means for raising the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for Supply of the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House according!v.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they hud come to a further Resolution than those which were re-committed to them; and that they had directed him to report all the Resolutions, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. XI.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, Ways reported from the Committee of the whole House, to and Means, whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Twelve hundred thou land Pounds for supplying the Deficiency of the clipped Money, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, for supplying the Deficiency of the clipped Money,

5 C a Duty

31* DecemMs — i* Januarii.

A. 1695.

Ways

and Meant.

a Duty be laid upon all Dwelling-houses, except Cot- Twfiay next, when the House, is called over, pay to the F«e* to be tages. Betjeant Ten Shillings; and every other Member of the Paid by

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House, Five Shillings; for the Use of the Servants of the Member*

That the said Duty be Two Shillings yearly, upon each House; to be distributed by Mr. Speaker.

House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and That every House having Ten Windows do pay Four reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to Mean*.

Shillings yearly, over and above the said Two Shillings. whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty,

That every House having Twenty Windows do pay Eight for carrying on the War against the Resolutions

Shillings yearly, over and above the said Two Shillings. of the said Committee; which they had directed him to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, report to the House; and which he read in his Place;

~ - - and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, the Duties upon The said Resolutions being severally read a Second all Wines, and Vinegar, granted by an Act made in the time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, First Year of King James the Second; and since conti-agreed unto by the House. nued to the Four-and-twentieth Day of June 1698; be

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, according to the continued further to the Nine-and-twentieth Day of said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. tember 1701.

Solicitor-General, and Mr. Serjeant Band, do prepare, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and bring in, the Bill. That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty,

for carrying on the War against France, the Duties upon The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- all Tobacco, granted by an Act made in the First Year of solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to King James the Second; and since continued to the 24th

Day of June 1698; be continued further to the 29th Day of September 1701.

, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for

/ / I /

That the said Duties be paid by the Inhabitants of the said Houses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Seven Years, and no longer.

consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War

against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

carrying on the War against France, the Duties upon all East India Goods, and Manufactures, and upon all wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchan-

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to dize, granted by an Act made in the Second Year of King

them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

William and Queen Maiy; and since continued to the Tenth Day of November 1697; be continued further to the 29th Day of September 1701.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in according to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Solicitor-General, Mr. Mr. Serjeant Mr.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, England, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Mr. Yates,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Mr. Henly, Sir Win. Mr. Bohun, or any Three

Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the of them, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

War against France. Ordered, That a Clauseof Credit be brought into the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of East-Griu. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the (ted Election Morning, Nine a Clock. Borough of East-Grinsted, in the County of Sussex, be

made upon Saturday Morning next.

Harwich

Roads.

Tryals for Treason.

Mercurii, 1° die Januarii;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Repair of the Highway between London and Harwich: And that Sir Eliah Harvey and Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act, for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Eucourage- Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn-ment of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Privateer*. House, to consider of the Bill for Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That every Knight of die Shire do, upon

25

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Debtor* Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt: And that Sir R«l»e£ Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Antony Morgan have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members of Supply Bill; the House, who are to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for HoaU Duty laying the Duties upon Dwelling-houses, That the said Duties be collected by the Officers of each Parish and Place.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Rochester, Chatham, Shipwright*, and other adjacent Places, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That #

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Shipwrights, and Workmen of his Majesty's Yards at Woolwich and Deptford, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

The

7 w. iii.

0 — 2° Jattuarii.

3 75

<?estn V aid by'

ie

)e

I ft*

of

fr

t I,-

J‘

Coinage. The 'House, according to the Order Of the Day, relieved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Coin of this Kingdom; and how to prevent 'the Stop of Commence during the re-coining the clipped Monies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had made fbme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House do, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Coin of this Kingdom; and how to prevent the Stop of Commerce during the recoining the clipped Money;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Noes, (fi 'Wf" Young,

' fair U rn.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

have received an Account, That the Preach had, with Six Men of War, on 31st July last, attacked and taken the Fort Gambia, wherein was Sixty-four Pieces of Cannon; and had carried off all the Effects found in the Fort, amounting to a very great Sum of Money: That, unless the Petitioners are supported and encouraged, being now reduced to the lall Extremity, they cannot longer maintain their Forts and Factories; and, consequently, the tfhole Trade will be loft to this Nation: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for preserving and establishing the said Trade, according to the Charter granted to the Petitioners, or with such Alterations as the House shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Nation.

53.

consider further of the State of the Coin of this Kingdom; and how to prevent the Stop of Commerce during the re-coining the clipped Money.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2° die;

Septimo Gulielrni Tertii.

Prayers.

Stoughton'*, A PETITION of Payler Esquire, and

*«. Etlat*. Jt\^ Dame Mary Stoughton his Wife, the Relifit of Sir Laurence Stoughton Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is now depending in this House, for vesting the Estate late of Sir and Sir Laurence

Stoughton Baronets, deceased in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of their Debts, and railing Portions for the Daughters of the said Sir Nicolas Stoughton: That the Petitioner Dame Mary hath a Jointure of ,50 per Annum, upon the said Estate; and Ihe is also intitled to 5,000l. chargeable on Sir Laurence Stoughton's Eliate: And that they are advised, the said Bill, if it should pals, will prejudice the Petitioners Right: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the Wye and County of Hereford, navigable, was read a Second time. Lugg Na-Resolved, That the Bill be committed. vigatioa.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley,

Mr. Price, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mr.

Johnson, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir W Williams, Sir John Batiks, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Bow Mr. Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Blofeild,. Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir Rowland Gnytin, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Kendall, Sir Lcrwther, Mr.

Phil.Foley, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Cary, Mr. Henley, Mr.

Watling ton, Sir Hen. Goff, Mr. Blake, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Bagnold, Mr. Winington, Mr. Fleming, Sir WyveU,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Norryes,

Mr. England, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Pudsey, Mr White,

Mr. Sand ford, Lord Digby, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Tho.

Foley junior, Mr. Newjtort, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr.

Kinaston, Sir John Key, Sir S. Barnardiston: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiff, Common Council, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Monmouth, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill was read a Second time, was read; setting forth, That That the Consideration of the said Petition be ferred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill mitted.

Ditto.

is

re-com-

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of England

Company. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth,

That the Trade to Guinea cannot be maintained without Forts and Castles; which must be supported by a joint Stock, by reason of the great Charge they require; the Company having expended about 20,000l. per Annum, for feme Years past, for that Purpose: That they conceive the Trade to Africa is of greater Advantage to England than to any other Nation; because it chiefly exports our Woollen and other Manufactures, and returns Gold,

Dyeing-wood, <fyc. and Negroes for his Majesty's Plantations; and therefore ought timely to be preservd; for that many potent Rivals now- lie in wait to engrols that Trade to themselves: That the Petitioners have liiftained many great Lolfes since the War; and, as an Addition thereto, the said Vale affords very little Wood; lb that their Fuel Vo t. XL is

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of j)utv on the Borough of Evesham, in the County of and Coai*.

other Inhabitants there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That within the said Borough are several Hundreds of poor Families, who have no other Fuel than the Coals brought out of Shropshire, upon the Rivers of Set erne and Avon; and that, by reason of the

late Imposition of 5 s. per Ton upon such Coals, the Price is become fe excessive, that those poor Families arc ready to Itarve; and others of better Ability lie under so great a Prefibre by it, that it is much heavier than the present Land Tax; and that, if this Duty should be continued, it will be the utter Impoverishment of the said Borough:

And praying such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France -, and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; and report the Matter to the House.

A Petition of several Freeholders and Landholders of Ditto, the Vale of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That

Duties on Coals.

Supply Bill; Land l ax.

Clipped Silver to be received for Taxes.

Address

thereupon.

376 20 — 30

is Coals brought out of Shropshire, by a chargeable Navigation, on Sevenleand Avon Rivers-, infoinuch that, fmce the late Act for imposing $s. per Ton upon those Coals, the Price is become lb high, that this Tax falls heavier upon some of the Petitioners, than all the rest of the publick Taxes; and the Poor, being very numerous, are lb streightened, that they are forced to trd'pass upon the Petitioners Hedge-rows and Fences, for Fuel; which will unavoidably fink the Value of the Ir.clofiires: And prating the A (Malice of the House fur lbuie speedy Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Act, made the last Parliament, lor granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glals Wares, Stone and Earthen Ilottles, Coals and Culm, for carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; and report the Matter to the House.

A Petition of Urfitla Countess of Plymouth was presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That the Navigation of the ltiver Avon, in the Counties of Wor-cejlerand JVarxcick, was settled on the Petitioner, as the

greatest Part of her Jointure, by late Earl of Plymouth; which continued at the yearly Rent of 40 until the Commencement of an Act for laying a Duty of 5 s.for every Ton of Coals water-borne: That the said 400l. per Annum Rent a rites only by Coals that come down the Severn, and pals up the River Avon-, hut since the said Act no Coals have pallet!; nor is it possible for any to pals up the said River during the Continuance of that Act; so that the is not only like to lole her 400l. per Annum for the present; but the Locks, and other Necessaries lbr the Navigation, which colt I or fi.oooo/. will go out of Repair; and conl'equently, will lole it lor theiuture: That the Continirmce of the said lax is no Benefit to his Mag fry, net an irreparable Lo s to the Petitioner: And praying, That the Horde will take the Pre-miles into Consideration, and relieve her therein as tiicy {hail think jolt and r alon ihie.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom it is ref< rred to consider of the Act, made the lait Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glals Wares, Stone and Earthen Pottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against Frame; and of the Doubtsand Complaints relating the reunto; and report the Matter to the House.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, according to Order, a Pill lbr granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the W ar against France.

I'he Pill was read the First time.

Rijoked, That the Pill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Joseph HauJohn Preston, John Hartley, John Carleton, Daniel H Benjamin

Bourchier, and Thomas Knowles., on behalf of themselves, and others, the Collectors within the City of London, and County of Middlesex, of the Aid of Four Shillings in the

Pound, granted to his Majesty, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners had collected several great Sums of Money, upon the said Aid, in Half-crowns, of true Sterling Money; and had tendered them to Sir Leonard Receiver-General for the said City and County; but that he refuled to receive the same, contrary to the late Proclamation, to the great Loss of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to issue his Royal Proclamation, to require the Receive; s and Collectors of his Aids and Revenues to receivers dipped Half-crowns and other clipped Money, being Sterling Silver, according to his late Proclamation.

Januarii.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- State of th*. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Nation. " consider further of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 3° die Januarii;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R John IVolflenholmc presented to the House, ac- Holboura

cording to < rcler, a Pill for eroding a Court of £"^‘"*bur7 Confeience for llolhournand Finsbury Division, for re- conscience. covet'v ot final 1 Debts under Forty Shillings.

The Pill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Pill he read a Second time.

A Petition of Thomas Bigg and Elizabeth his Wife, Bigg'sEstate. on behalf of themselves, and all their Children, was pie- .;

touted to the House, anal rea l; lettingfoi th. That the said Thomas is leiz d of a Farm called Upitnxt Farm, and ftve-rai other Lands and Tenements, in the County of to the lTth of himfi If for Idle; Remainder to the said for Lite; Remainder to the Blue between them begotten; Remainder to the find Thomas in Fee: That the Petitioners are in Debt, and have several final! Children to provide for; but cannot fell the find Premises to pay their Del»ts, and provide for their Children, without an Act of Parliament to enable them thereto: And praying Leave to bring in a Pill to enable them, by Sale, or other Dil-poliiion, of the Premises, to raise Money for the Payment of their Debts, and making Provision for their Children.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir IVm. Sir F.luib

Harvey, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Bazil Mr. Brexcer, Mr. Slater, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Campion, Mr. Slonchou/e,

Mr. Manly, Sir Gere.Elxvcs, Mr. Car, Sir Sam.

diston, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Bafdxcyn, Doctor Sir

Robert Dovers, Mr. ILdgcr, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Burdet, Mr. Loxcther, Sir John Key, Mr. Sand ford. Sir IVm.Cooper, Mr. Moore, Sir I I'm. Sir Era. Mas-

sum, Mr. Dolben, Mr. H aller, Sir // in Sir

Janet her. Air. Arnold, Mr. Haines, Mr. Onslow, Air.

B/qJiild, Lord Fairfax; and all the Members that fierve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Percivall Brunsketl Gentleman was jjre- Brnnskell't:

fented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Claims for Petitioner did, in 1674, being obliged by Oath, discover d'sawing many undue Practices in all the Courts of Juiiice, and , ulei-proposed a Remedy; inlbmuch, that King Charles the II. gave him the Office of Surveyor of the Green Wrax Fines, and a Commissioner's Place in the Alienation-Otfiee; but the other Commissioners of the Alienation so mismanaged the fame, and mil'represented the Petitioner, that he spent more Money than he got by that Office: That, upon the late King's Accels to the Crow n, he was laid aside; but, upon this Resolution, his Majesty did signify, That the Petitioner IhouId be restored; yet, though the Lord Chief Baron, and 50 Members of the Convention, did certify,

that

'by

7 W. III. 3 b 377

That the Petitioner deserved a Reward, and was the fittest tioned; and for continuing the Duties formerly charged on Jll a Pt i lon for the said Offices, others have been preferred low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; for carrying

thereto: 1 hat, afterwards, the Petitioner preferred his Cale on the War against was read the Third time,

and Proposals to the Parliament in 1690: and since, feve- That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be,

rul Laws have been made to redress the Abuses set forth in An Act for enlarging the Times for Persons to come in, his Cafe: And, last Session, it was reported from a Com- and purchase certain Annuities, therein mentioned; and mince of this House, That the Petitioner's same was wor- for continuing the Duties formerly charged on low thy the Consideration of the House; and that an Address Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; for carrying oil be made to his Majesty, to confide)- the Petitioner's Ser1 the War against France.

vices and Sufferings; and reward the fame: But, many That Sir Thomas Littleton do cany the Bill

A lumbers being gone home, and the rest being busy, to to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto, find out Persons suspected guilty of Bribery, in buying

and felling Offices, no Report was made to his Majesty, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the E*fe <tf by the House, of the Petitioner's Cafe; so that the Peti- Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Office, and Sheriff*, tioner remains still unrewarded, and stripped of his Estate, passing their Accounts: And that Mr. do pre-

ami Practice as an Attorney, by reason of his discovering pare, and bring in, the Bill, the funner Abuses committed in the Courts of Justice;

to the Ruin of himself and Family: And praying, That A Bili for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shil- Supply Bill f the house will take his said same into Consideration, and lings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the Tax. give him fuel) Relief therein as shall be just. War against France, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected. Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

H , Pi 'y on A Petition of the Borough and Parish of Stratford upon Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Tuesday Alom-

aj f , Coi‘ls' Aeon, and of the adjacent Towns of Luddington, Button, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

h and also of Bidj'ordand Barton, Martcleeve, and Broom, House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ll,i' - situate near the River of Avon, in the County of Warwick,

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and That, above Fifty Years ago, the said River was, at Mr. Pitts: great Charge, made navigable for the Conveyance of Coals Mr. Speaker,

lioni the River to the several Places, not only where The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Parkins'

- the Petitioners live, but many Villages in Northampton- this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling ^atf'

shire and Oxonshire; which is of great Conveniency, and Sir Thomas Parkins Baronet to fell certain Messuages, the Poor thereby supplied with Fuel at moderate Rates 5 Lands, and Hereditaments, in Huby and in

but by reason of an Act, of the last Parliament, which the County of York; and for settling other Lands and He-lays a Duty upon water-borne Coal, the Charge is so reditaments, of greater Value, m lieu thereof. Allb, oppressive, that, since that Act, the Barge-masters have The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to EarlofKent'* cealed from carrying Coal by Water; and must do lo, enable Anthony Earl of , and Henry Grey his Son Ainture. they hardly making Wages at the former Rates; so that sod Heir apparent, to make a Jointure for Jemima, Wife all Persons are incommoded, and the Poor near starved, of the said Henry Grey: To which they desire the Con-and ready to mutiny; and no Income accrues to his Ala* currence of this House. Also,

jesty by the said Duty: And praying, That the House The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, Coinage, will take their Condition into Consideration, and provide in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of a feme speedy Relief in the Premises. Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Coinage of the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Silver Money of this Kingdom, sent up from this House. referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the And then the Messengers withdrew.

Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty That this House doth agree to a Conference,

certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen as the Lords do desire.

Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating Speaker acquainted them therewith.

thereunto; and report the Matter to the House. Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Mr. Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Ihrwent A Bill to make navigable the River Dancent, in the Granville, Sir Musgrave, Sir Thoi Littleton, Mr.

Navigation. County of Derby, was read a Second time. Harley, hor&Hide, Lord Marquis

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ham- Sit John Thompson, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hooper, Lord Command, Sir Henry Goff] Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Cooper, Mr. bury, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Sir Win. Cooper,

B/ofeild, Sir Robert Davers, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Price, Mr. Smith, Sir Molyneux, Mr Gwynn, Serjeant Mr. Pepys, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Lassells, Mr. Dolben, Sir IVogan, Lord Conhigsby, Mr. Elwill, Mr. Boyle, Lord

John Rohes, Lord Powlet. Sir John Fogg, Mr. York, Mr. Cavendish, Sir John Lowther, Sir Fra. Lord

Ri.Hoic, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Mr. Byerley, do manage the said Conference.

Pupil/on, Mr. Bur del. Sir Wm. Scaiccn, Mr. Justin.Isham, And the Managers went to the Conference.

Mr. Harley, Mr. Ph. Foley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. And, being returned;

Molyneux, Mr. Morgan, Colonel Granville, Mr. Slater, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported, That they Air. England, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Stonehouse, Mn Pock- had met the Lords at the Conference j and that the Lord lington, Mr. Jennings, Mr. White, Sir John Kay, Sir Cha. Rochester managed the same on the Part of the Lords:

,... Keymish, Sir Wm. Husler, Mr. Peirpoint, Sir Ra. Dutton, And said, It wasdefired, for preservinggood Correspondence

J . Sir Scroop How, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Bagno/d, Sir Marm. between the Two Houses: And that the Lords had made

Wyt 'ell, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Whitacre, Sir John many Amendments to the Bill, sent from this House, for i5 Wolstenholm, Mr. Sands, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Harrison, regulating the Coinage of the Silver Money of this King-Air. Parker, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Fra. Massam, Air. dom; which his Lordship opened to them: And further Paget, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Wat/ington, Sir acquainted them, That the Lords have directed this Bill,

Wm. Cooper, Sir Edw.Abney, Mr. Colt, Sir Robert with foe Amendments made to it by their Lordships, to Clayton, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mauley: And all that come be delivered at a Conference; being willing to take that are so have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon Opportunity of acquainting the House of Commons, That at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers. their Lordships are sensible, the Alterations they have made

in this Bill, w ill fall very short of what may be requisite to Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Times for Persons be done upon a Subject so nice, and of so gcheral a Con*

Aummies. to come jn purchase certain Annuities, therein men- cern; Uuttheir Lordships persuade themselves, That what*

Earl of

Kent'*

Jointure.

Comraitttes.

Leave of Absence.

Coinage.

378 3d — 40 JanuariL A. 1695.

soever may prove defective in these Clauses and Alterations, will be fully supplied by the Care and Prudence of the House of Commons.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 4* die Januarii Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Anthony Earl of Kent, and Henry Grey his Son. and Heir apparent, to make a Jointure for,

Wife of the said Henry Grey, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Trenchard have Leave to go into the Country upon extraordinary Occasions, for a Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Silver Money of this Kingdom, be now read.

The same were once read throughout; and are as fol-lovyeth; viz.

Prels l. L. 13. after "without," leave out "callingin "and ;" and after "recoining," leave out " at the leait." L. 14. after "clipped," add "and diminished."

L. 15. after " clipped," add " or diminished."

L. 19. after "clipped," add "or diminished."

L. 21. instead of "and," read "or."

J>. 29. instead of "First," read " Tenth."

L. 30. after " Thousand," inlert " Six hundred."

Press 2. L. 2. after "dipped," add " or diminished." L. 12. after " clipped," add " or diminished."

L. 19; after " clipped," add "or diminished."

L. 20. instead of "near the fame," read "within the " Precincts thereof."

L. 33. after " clipped," add "or diminished."

42. after " clipped," add " or diminillied and after " that," leave out " a."

L. 43. leave out " Part of."

3d Press, L. 2. after "dipped," add "or diminillied." L. 3. after "clipped," add "or diminished."

L. 7. after " clipped," add " or diminillied."

L. 26. after " clipped," add " or diminillied."

L. 28. after "clipped," add "or diminillied."

L. 37. leave out from " Charge" to " be it" in the Soth Line of the 4th Press, and inlert "and."

4 Prels, L. 34. after "clipped," add "or diminillied." L. 37. and 38. instead of " his Majesty's Offices for the Grand Receipts," read " the Excile-Office, Customhouse, and Post-Office."

L. 41. after " Wales," insert "or their Deputy or Deputies, or such other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury " for the Time being, or any Three of them."

5 Press, L. 6. after " clipped," read " or diminillied ;" and, instead of "tendered in my Presence for Payment, for his Majesty s Use," read " brought before me to be " tried, for the Use of his Majesty, or of any other Person " whatsoever."

L. 14. after "clipped," add "or diminished."

16. After " Office," insert " as is before expressed."

17. After "General," add "or his Deputy or *l Deputies."

21. After "clipped," add "or diminished."

27. After " General," add " or his Deputy or " Deputies."

38. Leave out from " the" to " and" in the 5th Line of the 6th Press, and read " Judgment of the said " Trier."

6 Press. L. 8. after Counties," add " or his Deputy uDeputies j" and, instead of " and keep several Days,"

read " a time or times, on or before the 25th Day of " January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1695." L. 9. instead of " at convenient Villages," read " Towns Corporate."

L. 12. after " clipped," add "or diminished."

L. 13. instead of "above Five Miles," read "further " than to the next Market Town or Town Corporate;" and leave out from " and" inclusive, to " at" in the 16th Line; and read "and that, a Week before such Meetings, " every Receiver-General do lend Notice thereof, in " Writing under his Hand and Seal, not only to the chief " Magistrate of such Town Corporate, or Constable of " such Market-Town; who are thereupon required forthwith to make open Proclamation thereof, by the common Crier in such Town; but also to the several High " Constables within such County; who shall thereupon " forthwith issue their Precepts to all Petty Constables, " within their respective Divisions, that they do forthwith. " acquaint the Iloufckeepers, or some of their Family, " therewith; and do also cause publick Notice thereof " to be given, on the then next Sunday, in the several " Parish-Churches within their respective Constablew icks; " to the end the Collectors and Inhabitants of such Places " may be informed thereof."

L. 17. leave out "lying within Five Miles."

18. After "General," add "or his Deputy or " Deputies."

20. Leave out " for that District."

28. After " clipped," add " or diminillied;" and, for " general Receipts," read " Offices."

L. 34. after " clipped," add " or diminillied."

38. After "General," add "or his Deputy or " Deputies."

40. Leave out from "Trier" to "and" in the 43 L. 7th Press. L. 7.leave out from "Money," to "and" in the loth L.

19. After "clipped," add "or diminished."

21. Leave out from "Accounts" to " shall" in the

30th Line, and inlert " yet that, before such Payment, the " Receiver-General lliull take his Oath, upon the Holy " Evangelists, before the Auditor of the Receipt of the " Exchequer, or the Clerk of the Pells, who are hereby " impowered to administer the same, that such clipped or " diminished Money is the very same which was, bona " Jide, received by him for the Kings Tax or Revenue;

" or shall take his Oath, that it is the same he received " from his Deputy-Receiver, as by him received for the " King's Tax or Revenue; and do then produce the Affidavit in Writing of such Deputy, taken before a Commissioner for taking Affidavits in the Country, that the " clipped or diminished Money, so by him delivered to " the Receiver-General, was by him, the said Deputy, " received, bona Jide, for the King's Tax or Revenue; unless such Deputy do then in Person take such Oath, " before such Auditor or Clerk of the Pells; but, in " Default of such Oath or Oaths, such Receiver."

L. 35. after " clipped," add " or diminished."

Press 8th, L. 7. after " clipped," add " or diminished."

16. After "clipped," add " or diminished."

18. After " clipped," add " or diminillied."

32. After "clipped," add "or diminished."

40. After " clipped," add "or diminished."

Prels 9th, L. 14. after "clipped," add "or diminillied."

17. After "clipped," add "or diminished."

24. Leave out from " Charge," to " and" in the 35th Line of the 1 oth Press, and insert the Clause marked A; That the Money-triers, to be appointed for trying the Money to be paid in for Taxes, or otherwise, to his Majesty's Use, shall also try such other clipped or diminished Money, as shall be brought to them by the 25 of -ajy 1695; and all such as is Silver, shall be cut to the Middle; and such as is counterfeit, shall be cut into two Pieces, and delivered back to the Bringer: And the said Triers shall then set down, in Two Books, the Tale, Weight, Deficiency, and Owners Names, of such Silver Money, so cut to die Middle; which, thenceforth, shall pass 15 in

7 W. III.

4° Janua

379

in Payment by Weight, according to the Standard of the Mint; and shall deliver to the Sheriff of every County One of the said Books, for such Persons whose Names are entered therein, to resort unto; and the other Book shall be returned into the Exchequer before the loth of February 1695.

11 Press, 13 L. after " thall/' add "at any time find " necessary to."

15 L. leave Out " not being left than Four."

16 L. after " A&," add the Clauses B and C.

Clause B: That, from the 1 oth of January 1695, until

the ift of November following, the Officers of the Mint shall not coin any Gold, for any Person whatsoever; and that, after the said 1 oth of , until the said

10th of November', no Gold Coin whatsoever shall be imported into this Kingdom, upon Pain of Confilcation thereof.

Clause C: That, after the 2d of Febr. 1695. until the next Session of Parliament,* any Person may export any coined Money of this Realm, upon entering the same as Merchandize: But that, during the said Time, no other Gold or Silver shall be exported, upon Pain, that the . Exporter thall forfeit as Persons that export any English Mone/.

Press 1. L. 13. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 14. 15. 19. 21. Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Line 29. 30. Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

2d Press, L. 2. 12. read a Second time,

put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House

Line 20th, Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

adding,

6 Prest, 8 L. Amendment, being read a Second time, Coinage* was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 9. and 12th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question put thereupon, diliigreed unto by the House.

L. 13. Amendment, being read a Second time;

Au Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by after " Corporate," " or such convenient Village " as aforesaid

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved \That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

L. 17th, 18th, and 20th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 28. Amendment, after " clipped," add " or diminished," being-read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

The rest of the Amendment, in Line the 28th, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 34. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

L. 38. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 40. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

7 Press, L. 7th, and 19th, Amendments being feve-19. Amendments, being severally rally read aSecond time, were, upon the Question severally were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, diliigreed unto by the House.

L. 21th, Amendment, being read a Second1 time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the -House.

L. 35. Amendment, being read a Second time, was.

L. 33. 42. Amendments, being severally read a Second upon die Question put Uiereupon, disagreed unto by the time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, House.

disagreed unto by the House.

L. 43. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

3d Press, L. 2d, 3d, 7th, 26th, and 28th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

L. 37. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

4th Prest, 34 L. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put diereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

L. 37th, and 38th, and 41th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

5th Prest, L. 6th, Amendment, after " clipped," read

8 Prest, L. "th, 16th, 18th, 32th, 40th, Amendments, and also 9 Prest, L. 14. and 17th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

9 Press, L. 24th, Amendment, being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the said Monday Morning next.

Debate be adjourned till

or diminished," being read a Second time, was,

disagreed

unto

upon by the

the Question put thereupon,

House.

The rest of the Amendment, in Line the 6th, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Line 34. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon tlje Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Line 16th, and 17th, Amendments, being severally read

Resolved, That this House will proceed de die in diem in the Consideration of the State of the Coin, and the Amendments to the said Bill, until they have gone through the lame.

Sir Joseph Williamson, being elected to serve in this pre- a Member lent Parliament for the City of Rochester, and also a makes his Burgess for the Borough of Thetjord, in the County of t,uction-Norfolke; made his Election to serve for the City of Rochester.

Mr. Secretary Trumball acquainted the House, That Answer their Addrefe having been preftnted to his Majesty, That toAddiefs. he would please to ifl'ue his Royal Proclamation, to require the Receivers and Collectors of his Aids and Revenues to receive clipped Half-crowns, and other clipped Money, being Sterling Silver, according to his late

a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put proclamation, his Majesty had given Order for issuing his thereupon, agreed unto by the House. Proclamation accordingly.

L. 21th, Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

L. 27. and 38. Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vox.. XL

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

380

6° — 70 JaHuarii.

A. 1695,

\Vyfc and

Lugg

Navigation.

Luna,6° die;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of the Inhabitants of IV<:obly, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason offeveral Weirs, Mills, and Dams, upon the Rivers and Lugg, the Commerce of the said Petitioners is loft, for want of the Navigation of the said Rivers; and many Commodities, with which that Part of the Country abounds, are l'o inconsiderable, the Land-Carriage being so excessive dear, that they are scarcely worth propagating: And praying,

'That an Act of Parliament may pals, for making the Rivers of IVye and Lugg navigable.

Ordered, That the Consuleration of the said Petition be referred to the Committer, to whom the Rill to make the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, navigable, is committed.

Ttietford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Sir Joseph who hath made his

Election to serve for the City of Rochester.

Portsmouili A Petition of several Aldermen and Burgesses of tire Election. Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, on behalf of themselves, and other Btirgelies of the said Borough, was presented to the llouie, and read; fi tting forth, That, at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, aconliderabte Majority of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, in whom only is the Right of Election, ehole John Gibson Esquire for their Burgess; but the Mayor (being threatened and over-awed, admitted the Populace tu poll, contrary to the ancient Custom of the said Borough) L-.>th returned Matthew Aylmer Esquire, together with the said Air. Gibson, in the same Indenture, in Prejudice of the Petitioners Right.: And praying the Relief and Const-deration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And that they do hear and examine the same at the same time with the Matter of the Petitions of iMatthew and

John Gibson Esquires, touching the said Election and Return.

Encouraging' Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to Stiiuneu. the House a Bill for the lucreale and Encouragement of Seamen.

The Bill was read the Eitli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

F.uft

(vTinftcad Elec lion.

Privilege of ;i Member in a Suit.

Dut on Coals.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of East Grimlead, in the County of be

made upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Matter of the Petition of the Heirs at Law and Creditors of Sir William Basset Knight, deceased, be made upon Friday Morning eext.

A Petition of the Grand Inquest for the County of Gloucester was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Duty of 5 s.per Ton on Coals, impoted, by an Act, made the lait Parliament, for laying a Duty upon Coals, Culm, < % -c. will 1b enhance the Price of Coals, that few or none will be water-borne; so that little Benefit will arise thereby to the Crown; and will lolethe Advantage of breeding up Watermen, employed on the

inland Rivers in the Coal-Trade, especially the Rivers Severn md Avon; which are a Conveyance for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, and Salop: That this Tax is

very unequal in themeasure; for that a Chaldron of Coals, which pays but 5 s. contains more Coals than a Ton, which pays the same Duty: And the Petitioners conceive, That Sea-Coal ought to pay a higher Duty than Pit Coals, be-cause they are now protected from Privateers, and may fell cheaper; whereas, the Ton-Coal, that receives no manner of Advantage, w ill be advanced ,5 s. per Ton, to ihe very great Hardship of the Petitioners, and the utter Ruin of the Pooref Sort of People, who already murmur at the Inequality of this Tax: And praying, That the said Act. may be explained in favour of the Petitioners; or that the said Duty may be taken off from ton-borne-Coa), and chan<*bd for a more equal Tax; as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, made the lait Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles,"Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France;and the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Saturday Coinage, last, upon the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Coinage of the Silver Money of this Kingdom:

Ancl the said Amendment was again read.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Profs 11. L. 13th, 15th, 16th, B, and C, Amendments, being severally read aSccondtime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with tire Lords upon the Subject-malter of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill.

Resolvetd, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Reafous, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer,

Sir Joseph Williamson, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Mr.

Wharton. Mr. Clarke, Mr. Do/ben, Mr. Smith, Mr. ceningham, Mr. Guytm, Sir Chr. Lord

Mr. Harley, Lord Coningsby, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr.

Boyle, Sir John Thompson, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Hooper,

Mr. Cooper, Mv. Bridges, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Cooper, Colonel G.'anvil!, Mr. Molyucux, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. FAicill, Sir I'ra.Muss am. Lord Cavendish, Lord

Cornbury, Sir Fra.H ouunglon, Mr Mr.

Mr. Norris, Sir JV(die,- l oung, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Near]tort. Lord 11Mr. Finch; or any Three of them: And they are to niect Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Spcaigr's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nini a C^ck.

Mortis,7* die Jo l1un

Septimo Gulielmi T«.,tii.

Pra y eks.

A PETITION of the Mayor an] Burgesses of the r>arwonf

Town and County of NottinghanWas presented to Navigation, the House, and read; setting forth, T,ut there is a Bill brought into this House, for making tht Bjver of Dar-H'ent, in the County of Derby, navigabCj 01-| Pretence that the same will promote Trade, and be an fncreale of able Seamen; which Grounds arc fallacies. for that, if the Bill should . ., it will very much Idle, the Traded* Nottingham, Leicester, Loughborough, and *t|Jcr adjacent Markets; it will not produce One aide Seamin |n Twenty Years time; it will render the River Trent 'holly nil Ids as to Navigation; it will Icilcn the Rent of I-mds in the

Counties

(ill I ike

Duty on Coals.

Call of the House.

7 W. III.

8° Januar

38*

Counties of Nottingham, Darby, Leicester, York, and Lancaster-, and will ruin Thousands of Families, who live by carrying Commodities from Place to Place by Land: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, to give their Reasons againi't Palling of the said Hill.

Ordered, That the Confltlcration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common Council, Citizens, and Inhabitants, of the City of Gloucester, w as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by an Act, made the last Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals and Culm, for carrying on the War againi't France, a Duty of 5s. per Ton for all water-borne Cpals should be paid to his Ma-jel'ty; which Duty does so greatly aft'eft the City of cester, which used to be supplied with Coals brought down the River Secern, that now none can be had; so that several Citizens, whole Trade require a Consumption of Coals, are forced to give over their Trades; and the neighbouring Towns under-fell th<?Petitioners in all their Commodities, being supplied with Coals by Land-carriage, for near 20 Miles round Gloucester: That their Poor, who used to be supplied by a Stock provided by the Chamber, are w holly left deftitule thereof; and are become lb necel-fitous, that they take all manner of Fences they can meet w ithal for Fuel; and the better Sort burn Wood; lo that the Money intended to be raised by the said City, and neighbouring Corporations, wholly fails, and the Petitioners left in great Distress: And praying, That the House w ill lo alter and proportion the said Duty, as to make it equal to them with their Neighbours, that they may thereby be enabled to pay the King's Taxes, and maintain their Families.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Doubts and Complaints relating to the said Act.

The House was, according to Order, called over:

And the Names of such as made Default were called a Second time; and the Absence of several of them excused, by real'on of present Sickness; and iome few for urgent Occasions.

And the Question being severally put. That Thomas Here Esquire, Sir Michael fScntzcorth, Sir Robert U'ood, Sir Thomas Barnardiston, William Elson Esquire, and Sir William Morley ,be exculed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Henry Fricslman Esquire be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te^fatheY*{ },4-

Teller* for the Noos,{

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Thomas Bere Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament The Question being put, That Sir Michael Wentworth be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service iD Parliament;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dashwood Knight and Baronet be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Thoms Baronet be sent

for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himselt from hisScrvice in Parliament, Ordered, That William Elson Esquire he sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Vol. XI.

Ordered, That Sir William Morley Knight of the Bath be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Iloul'e, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Coinage. Committee appointed to prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships in several of the Amendments, made by them, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the regulating the Coinage of the Silver Money of this Kingdom, That they had prepared Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followed);

A

Mcrcui-ii, S' die Ja;

Septimo Gulielini Tertii.

P K A V E B S.

N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Maddy

for vesting the Manor of Main the County Manor, of Salop, in Trustees, for certain Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Attorney-General, according to Order, presented Supply Bill; to the House a Bill for granting several Rates and Duties House Duty, upon Houses, lor making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money: And the same was received.

A Bill for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen Encouraging was read a Second time. Seamen.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the, whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of die whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, East Grinded after the Report touching the Election for the Borough Election. of F.ast-Grinsted, in the County of Sussex, resolve itself into

a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Sir William Williams reported from the Committee, to Regulating whom the Bill for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections. Elections of Members to serve in Parliament was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w:as twice read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, widi the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Sir John Guise Baronet was presented to GloureftM the House, and read; setting forth,..... at the Election Election, of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Gloucester, the Petitioner, and Thomas Stevens Esquire, flood Candidates: That the High Sheriff- shewed himself partial in favour of Mr.

Stevens; and continued the Poll, very irregularly, by Adjournments; and refused several Freeholders that offered to poll for the Petitioner; and, finding that the Petitioner had the Majority, after four Days Polling, and that several Hundreds more offered to poll for the Petitioner, and none appearing to poll for Mr. Stevens, the said Sheriff adjourned the Poll near 20 Miles distant from the Place where he began to poll, and afterwards Ten Mites distant from thence; and declared the said Mr. Stevens duly elected; though the Sheriff did not appear at the last Place of Adjournment: And praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and do what Audi be just therein.

I E Ordered,

8° — 9° Januarii. A. 1695.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Committee do appoint the Matter of the said Petition to be heard and examined the Eight-and-twentieth Day of February next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ISir Sc °P Hozv' *1, < idlers ior the 1 eas,|Mr> 1 ‘

Tellers for the Noes, {JJj;

So it passed in the Negative.

>160.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Maiely for vesting the Manor of Madely, in the County of , Manor, in Trustees, for certain Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jaunt,

Mr. Kinaston, Sir Eliah Hu/rcy, Mr. Tredt Mr.

Heveningham, Mr. Newport, Sir Fra. Sir If hitmore, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Frauen, Mr. Mr.

Gcrey, Sir Edw. Ernley, Mr. Mr. Sir

Edward Acton, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Mr. Blojlild,

Mr. England, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Archer,

Mr. St 1 inger, Mr. Jones, Mr. Parker; and all the Mem-

bers that i'erve for the Counties of Salop and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Coinage. The House, according to the Order of the Day, rc-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Granvill also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Coin of this Kingdom.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis,9* Joint arii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers;

A Member f~\RDERED, That Mr. in Custody of the

from offtod Serjeant at Arms for absenting himself from his Ser-0 y" vice in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Duties on A Petition of the Owners of Ships concerned in the Coals. Coal-Trade for the Towns of Sunderland,

Stockton, Whitby, Scarborough, Burlington, Lynn, Yarmouth, Aldborough, Ipswich, and London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since a Duty of 5.?. per Chaldron was laid upon Coals, by the last Parliament, great Losses have befallen the Petitioners; especially by a Storm, which happened in September last, wherein they loft near 200 Sail of Ships, about 600 Seamen; whereby there are many Widows and Fatherless, in the several Sea-Ports, left in a deplorable Condition; besides the Owners Loss, upwards of 200,000l.: That the said Losses, together with the said lax, are very grievous, and fall but upon a little Part of the Nation, if compared with the Whole: And, the Coal-Trade, which now is the chiefest Nursery for Seamen, being under many Discouragements, the Petitioners pray, That the House will be pleased to find out feme easier Way to raise Money, than to continue the said Tax.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glaf3 Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France; and v>{ the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cul«f to enable Anthony Earl of Kent, and Gny his Son and Heir apparent, to make a Jointure for Jemima, Wife of the said llenry Grey, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Samuel Barnurdislon, Sir Fra. flit line, Ion, Mr. Sir Henry

Hobart, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir*AY/. Delava!/, Sir If bn. ther, Mr. Conyers, Mi'. Chase, Mr. Sir Thomas

Dyke, Mr. Bickcrstaffe, Mr. Foley, Sir Win. Mr.

Harley, Mr. Done, Mr. Sands, Mr. Bet kill, Mr. Colt,

Air. Gray, Sir Win. Trdsdtn, Mr. BMr.

Mr. Tredcnhum, Mr. Brezecr, Mr. Bhpcild, Lord Cavendish, Sir Hen. Colt, Air. 3loan/ague, Sir Coriton,

Lord Russell, Mr. Moore, Sir Gere. Air. Lordlier, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Ba/dwyn, Sir John Lordlier, Mr. Jones,

Sir Raid. Guynn, Sir Era. 3 Jassam, Sir Woodhouse:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Afcrchants, and other the Traders Wye and and Inhabitants, of the City of Bristol/, was presented to Lurg Navi-the House, and read; setting forth, That, l'ome Years Sauou* since, the Petitioners had considerable Commerce with the County of Hereford, by the Conveniency of carrying Goods to and fro' by Water; but that, of late Years, by reason of the Alills and Dams now on the Rivers and Lttgg, and the excessive Rates of Land-carriage, their Communication is, in a manner, lolt: And praying, That a Bill for making the said Rivers navigable may pals into a I.aw.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Wyc and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, is committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for preventing Charge Regulating and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- Elections, ment be read the Third time, upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for granting several Rates and Duties upon Supply Rill; Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped House Duty. Aloney, was read the Firl't time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Lady \ Holbouroand

Russell was presented to the House, and read; setting.....Finsbury

That the Petitioner foiled of the Manors of Giles Court of and Bloomsbury, in Middlesex, and a Court of Baron be- °n cie, ice‘ longing to the fame, for Recovery of finall Debts contracted within the said AJanors, to be levied by the Goods and Chattels of the Defendant, but not by arresting the Body; and divers Advantages accrue to the Petitioner by the said Court: That the Petitioner is informed, a Bill is now depending in this House, for erecting a Court of Confeience for Holbourn and Finsbury Division, for Recovery of finall Debts under 40s.; which Bill will take away her said Court Baron, and be grievous to the Subject, by subjecting the Body of the Defendant to imprisonment; and is advised, there is no Need of the - said

eaai

S.N»

uli-

r.at'.aj

y Bill:

Duty

turf

ui

iKlrf-

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill;

Duties on Wines, &c.

Powell*

Estate.

Oaths of Supremacy in Ireland.

Past Grinfted Election.

7 W. III. 9° Januarii. 383

said Court of Conscience; for that her said Court is more eafv, and less chargeable, to the Subject: And praying. That (he may be heard, by Cdunfel, to shew Caut'e, why the said Bill ought not to pass.

Ordered, That the said Lady Russell be heard, by her Counsel, at the Bar of this House, at the Second Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Cary have Leave to go into the fcountry, upon extraordinary Occasigns.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrard have Leave to go into the Country fora Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Attorney-General, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War against France: And the same was received.

A Mcfl'age from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a BilL, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages and Lands, belonging to Samuel Pozcell Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for altering Part of an Afi, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty and the late Queen, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths:

To which they dcfiie the (Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mtflengers withdrew.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Rlefiion for the Borough of East Grinsted, in the County of Sussex; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Lionel Earl of Orrery, Spencer Compton Esquire, and of the Inhabitants of the Boron izh of East Grinsted in the County of Sussex:

The Committee have examined the Merits of the Election for that Borough.

That the Petitioners inlisted, That the Right of Election was in the Burgage-holders, and Inhabitants, of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot; the Majority whereof voted for the Petitioners:

And did also insist, That if the Committee were of Opinion, That the Right was in the Burgage-holders alone, That the Petitioners were defied by the Majority of them.

To prove the Right in the Burgage-holders and Inhabitants, the Petitioners produced several Returns; viz.

12 Edzv. 4. Which Indenture fays, 12 Persons, therein named, and other Burgesses of the Borough of East Grinsted, defied; and had full Power for themselves, and the Commonalty of the Borough.

9 17* Edzc. 4. made between the Sheriff, of the one Part; And the Bailiff and 12 other Persons, most of them other Persons than in the First Indenture named, and other Burgesses, of the other Part; witnesseth, That the said ' Bailiff' and Commonalty defied.

7 Eda\ 6. made between the Sheriff, and above Sixteen Persons named, and stiled Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Borough; the said Burgesses and Inhabitants, ex corum unanimi assemu § consensu, ekgerunt; and concludes, In eujus rci testimonium, lurgenses prccdicti sigilla sua apposiC.

l* Mar'ue; Between the Sheriff, and the Bailiff' and Thirteen other Persons named, and liiled Burgesses and Inhabitants; the said Bailiff, Burgctfcs, and all other Inhabitants of the said Borough, of their common Affcuf, Vo.L. XL

elefied: To which Indenture the said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, put their Seals. '

i# $$ 2° Phil. 1$' Maria?; Bailiff, and Four other Persons named, and fiiled Burgesses and Inhabitants, elefied: The laid Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, for them* selves, and in the Names of all other the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Borough, put to their Seal.

2 v$r 3 Ph. S; Ma. Bailiff, and Twelve other Persons named, and stiled Burgesses and Inhabitants, elefi: Thd Bailiff'and Burgesses put to their Seals, in the Name of all other the Inhabitants.

2(> Eliz. Between the Sheriff, and the Bailiff' and Fourteen other Persons named, and stiled Burgesses and Inhabitants, elefied: Bailiff', Burgesses, and Inhabitants, put their Seal.

30 E/iz. Bailiff, and Seven other Persons named, and stiled Burgesses and Inhabitants, of their common Assent, jointly together, defied: The said Bailiff and Burgesses, in the Name of all the Residue of the Burgesses and Inhabitants, put their Seal.

30 Eliz. The Bailiff, and Five other Persons named, and others of the Commonalty, for and in the NTame of the rest of the Burgesses, elefied; and gave Power for themselves, and the Commonalty of the said Borough.

43 Eliz. The Bailiff', and Ten other Persons named, and stiled Burgesses and Inhabitants, defied: Bailiff and Burgesses, in the Name of all the Residue of the Burgesses and Inhabitants, put their Hands and Seals, with the common Seal of the Borough.

1 Jacobi} Between the Sheriff, and the Bailiff and Twelve other Persons named, and fiiled Burgesses and Inhabitants: The said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, elefied: Bailiff' and Burgesses, in the Name of all the Residue of the Burgesses and Inhabitants, put to their Seal, with the common Seal of the Borough.

21 Jac. Between the Sheriff, and Twelve Persons named, and stiled Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants: The said Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of their common Afl'ent, jointly elected: And to the Indenture set their Seals.

4® Martii, 15 Car. l. Indenture recites the Sheriffs Warrant to the Bailiff and Burgesses: Sixteen Burgage-holders named, Fourteen Inhabitants named, elected: And set their Hands and Seals.

i(i° Car. I. About 59 Perlims named, Burgesses and ^habitants of the Borough, and there present, elefiedr by virtue of the Sheriff's Warrant, directed to the Bailitf, Burgesses, and Inhabitants.

24 Apr. 1 (5 Car. I. Refutation of the House, reciting. That Mr. Goodzcyn affirmed, That the Inhabitants, as well as Burgage-holders, had Right to elefi: It was resolved, That Mr. Goodzcyn was well elefied and returned Burgess, and a fit Perl'on to serve in Parliament.

7 Apr. 79. Report of East Grinsted Election was read; wherein is recited, That one Witness teitified for 6u Years, and another for 4a Years, That the Inhabitants, as w?ell as Burgage-holders, always voted: The House resolved, That the Inhabitants, as well as Burgage-holders, had Right to elefi. 4

19 Apr- 31 Car. Precept to Bailiff and Burgesses: 33 Persons named, and stiled Bailiff, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, elefied: And the Bailitf, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, l'ealed.

19 Aug. 31 Car. Precept to Bailiff' and Burgesses; 34 Persons named, and stiled Bailiff, Burgesses, and Common-; alty, elefied: Bailiff and Burgesses let their Seals.

33 Car. Thirty-five Persons named, and stiled Bur- gefics and Inhabitants, with divers other Burgesses and Inhabitants, elefied.

Mr. Packer, being produced as a Witness, said, The Inhabitants demanded a Poll for the Petitioners; but it was denied: And he proved an Indenture to be l'igned and (caled by them; which testified, That they had, elefied the Petitioners.

That the Petitioners, in the next Place, endeavoured to prove themselves elected by the Burgage-holders:

That

3^4 9° Januarii. A. 1695.

tattGrinfted That the Poll taken of the Burgage-holders was thus;

Ete&ion. viz.

For Sir Thomas Dyke, whereof one was a Bailiff 16. For Mr. Conyers, whereof One his own Vote,"! and another the Bailiff - - - J

For the Earl of Orrery - - - *13.

For Mr. Compton - - - it.

That the Petitioners insisted, That some that were qualified to vote as Burgage-holders, and would have voted for the Petitioners, were denied their Votes: And called James Thorp: Who said. He had received of Mr. Jutland 0 d, for Kent due to the Lord; but that it was not for the House he pretended to give his Vote for: But.

Another Witness said, William Putland lived in the House for which he voted; though he had not lived there long: And believed, Putland bought it 19 Years ago; and that he would have polled for the Petitioners, but was refused.

Mr. Smith was also called: Who said, He wras a Burgage-holder, and voted for the Petitioners; and would have polled for them; but was refused: He produced Deeds of his Burgage-hold; but could not say, When they were executed, nor when he had Possession first.

Hutchins said, Eduard Head had a Burgage-Estate in the Borough; and that, he believes, It was a Mortgage to him in Fee: But,

Mr. Packer said, Head would have polled for the Petitioners, but was objected against by Mr. Conyers; because, -as Mr. Conyers said, an Infant had the Equity of Redemption-, and was refused by the Bailiff.

Ledger laid,|Thut when Sir Thomas Dike came to him, to desire his Vote, a little before the Election, lie pulled out a Handful of'Money: That he then told him, He would do him as much Kindness as Mr. Compton should: And Pain offered him the running of an Horle, if he would vote for Sir Thomas Dyke.

That, for the Sitting Members.

It was insisted, That the Right of Election was only in the Burgage-holders: And that the Votes of the Inhabitants were procured for the Petitioners by indirect Means.

Thomas Pollard, being called as a Witness, said, That Mr. Packer desired his Vote for the Earl of Orrery and Mr. Compton and promised to be a good Friend to him: And told him. That Sir Thomas Dyke had been in the House a good while, and had done no Good; and theft he was a Jacobite, and kept a Jesuit in his House; and that he would not be suffered to fit in the House: And further testified, That he, denying to vote for the Petitioners, was threatened with a Stone-Doublet; and accordingly, Three Days before the Election, he was arrested: That PercivaU would have had him gone to London, to have been out of the Way at the Election; which he refused.

Jeremy Johnson said, That it was given out, by one PercivaU, that appeared for the Petitioners, That if Sir

1 Thomas Dyke was chosen, the House would not accept of

him but he would be turned out again.

Edward Payne said. It was rumoured in the Town, a little after PercivaU came to Town, That Sixty Members were to be turned out of the House; and that Sir Thomas Dyke was to be one of them.

Mr. Thomas James testified, That he heard Mr. Packer ' fey. He had received a Letter from the Chancellor of the

Exchequer, or eife he had not made so much Interest there.

John Coroper said, That Bodell said, after the Election was over. That Widow Jenner and Widow Taylor should have their Pensions flopped; and that he had the Order of the Lord Chamberlain so to do, because some certain Persons had voted for the Sitting Members.

Robert Badkynsaid, That Robert Bodell, that appeared

on behalf of the Petitioners, gave out, That, if they did disoblige my Lord of Dorset, they should be troubled with Soldiers, and lose the Assizes.

John Payn, John Wood, said. Ledger declared, He would vote for the Petitioners; for he could have a Place for his Mother, in the College, of 8 /. a Year; which would be worth 100l.

Hen. Page said, That Smith, that pretended to vote for the Petitioners, had declared, The House for which he pretended to vote, was not his, but one Mr. Smith's, of Windsor.

That, on behalf of the Sitting Members, were alia produced Returns; viz.

28 Eliz. Between the Sheriff and Twenty-three Per*

Tons named, and stiled Bailiff, and Burgesses and Inha* bitants: Bailiff and Burgesses, of their common Consent, jointly elected:- Bailiff and Burgesses, in the Name of the Residue of the Burgesses, then sealed.

13 Car. Between the Sheriff, ant} Fifteen Persona named, andftiled Bailiff and Burgesses: And reciting, That the ftailiff and Burgedes, by Warrant to them directed, elected.

Jenner: That, on the Behalf of the Sitting Members, was also produced a Letter from the Earl of Dorset, directed to the Bailiff, and the rest of the Burgage-holders, at East-Grinsted; by which be took Notice of their Pro-mile to choose the Lord Orrery; he recommended the Earl of Orrery; and offered them his Service: Which, he said, was read publickly before they went to the Election, and before the Precept was read.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East in the County of Sussex, is not in the Burgage-holders and Inhabitants of the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of East Grinsted is in the Burgage-holders only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Thomas Dyke Baronet is duly elected a Borgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grinsted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Conyers Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Grinsted.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agreo with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament foe the Borough of East Grinsted, in the county of ,

is not in the Burgage-holders and Inhabitants of the said Borough:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^* ^Bro: }

Tellers for the Noes,^- c£?kT‘ } '28'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, Coinage, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the State of the Coin of this Kingdom, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had. directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's,

Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in order to the remedying the ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom, the Recompence to be given for sup-« *9 plying

Die ized by

Committees.

Encouragement of Privateers.

Cowell*

El(£tc.

Oaths of Supremacy in Ireland.

7 W. III. 9° — 10° Januarli. 385

plying the Deficiency of the clipped Money, shall extend to all clipped Money which is Silver, although ot a coarser Alloy than the Standard.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Collectors and Receivers of his Majesty's Aids and Revenues be enjoined to receive all such Monies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Reward of Five Pounds per Cent. be given to all such Persons as shall bring in either milled or broad undipped Money, to be applied in Exchange for the clipped Money, throughout the Kingdom.

Resolved,\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Reward alib of Three-penge per Ounce be given to all such Persons as shall bring in wrought Plate, to the Mint, to be coined.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the iooner bringing in the clipped Money to be re-coined, any Persons may pay in their whole next Year's Tax, of Four Shillings in the Pound, in the said clipped Money, at one convenient Time, to be appointed for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Commissioners be appointed in every County, to pay and distribute the new-coined Money, and to receive in the clipped Money.

The First Five of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

-An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by inferring after the first " the," and before " new," those Words, " milled and broad undipped Money, and the:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That tli-e House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That Commissioners be appointed in every County, to pay and distribute the milled and broad undipped Money, and the new-coined Money; and to receive in the clipped Money.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Ilelb-lutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Chancellor*)!' the Exchequer, Mr. Harley, and Mr. Lawnds, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, Unit it bean Instruction to the Members ap* pointed to prepare the said Bill, That they do bring into the said Bill a Clause, to enable the re-coining the clipped Money, as the same shall come into the Exchequer.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Encouragement of Privateers.

A Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Supply Bill; Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco and East India Goods, and other Merchandize, for carrying lnes' c* on the War against France, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Unt\ of Tor-confirming a Grant, under the Great Seal of England, to riii-toii'a Arthur Earl of Torrhigtoiii by King // 'll Ham and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Part of the great ff Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and melhc Profits thereof.

A Petition of the Town of Rowe, in the County of Wye and Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; letting Navi'* forth, That the making of the Rivers Wye and Lugg navigable will be a great Advantage to the whole County of Hereford, and particularly to the Petitioners, whole chief Advantage is by the Fishery of those Rivers; but, by the many Mills and Weirs erected thereon, contrary to Law, the Fishery is dcltroyed: That the Petitioners are willing to join with the rest of the County, in making Satisfaction to the several Proprietors of the Mills and Weirs; lb that they be totally taken down: And praying,

That the said Mills and Weirs may be taken do an.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making

- . ... W

the4aid Rivers navigable is committed.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Tuesday Call of the next come Sevennight: And that Inch Members as shall tioui*. not then attend the Service of the House, he sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attc^sing this House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Day have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Oc- Ableuce. callous.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do give an Returns rt-Account what Returns are come to his Hands, and not reived by yet certified to this House.

Clerk ot Crown.

A Bill for granting several Rates and Duties upon Supply Bill -Houses*, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped House Duty. Money, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whoie House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. El fan, in Custody of the Serjeant A Member at Anns, for absenting himself from his Service in Parlia- dudur^'j ment, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees. lumuiUo

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Ordered, That the Members appointed to prepare a Remedying Morning, Nine a Clock. Hill, upon the Resolutions Yesterday, relating lo the bmte

Coin, have Leave to prepare, and bring in, one more olu~ ----- -: ----- ----- ----- ---1 ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- Bill or Bills thereupon.

Veneris, 10° die Januarii;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters. f

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages and Lands, belonging to Samuel Powell Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. XL

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Supply Bill; Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, LumilVx. touching the Matter of the Petition of the Coheirs and Creditors of Sir William Russet, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, for carrying on the War against France.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A & for Lady Fant» enabling the Lady Katherine Fane to tell the Reversionof Estate. certain Fee-farm Rents, given to her by her Grandfather John Bence Esquire: ^\nd also,

5 F A Bill

Stoner'*

Jointure,

Tryakfor

Treason*

Privilege of a Member in a Sait.

Supply Bill? Land Tax.

386 10* — 11* JamA. 1695.

A Bill, intituled, An Act for foe enabling Thomas Stoner Esquire to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate in Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And. then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* ing next, take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Trealbn, and Misprision of Treason.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter ppon the Petition of the Coheirs and Creditors of Sir William Basset, as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where foe same was read; and is as lolloweth; via.

That the Committee had examined that Matter:

And, upon producing of the Will of Sir they do find, That thereby Sir William Basset does, amongst other Things, devise in these Words; viz.

" As for my Temporal Estate $ I devise all my Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Counties of " and Cornwall, and all my Estate in them, to be sold, " by my Executors hereafter named, or the Survivor of " them, for the Payment of my Debts and Legacies: " And if any Surplus shall happen, of the Monies to be " raised by such Sale, my Will is, That the same shall " be deemed Part of my Personal Estate, and go to my " Executors."

And, by a Clause, afterwards, in his said Will, he makes Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath, and John Hill Gentleman, Executors; and gives them One hundred Pounds apiece.

To the Committee was also produced Two Answers; viz.

One, an Answer of Sir Edward Hungerford Knight of the Bath, and John Hill Gentleman, to a Bill of Christopher Spark Gentleman, and others, Creditors of Sir William Basset, Complainants: Which appeared to be sworn by Sir Edward Hungerford, 4 June 1694:

Another, Answer of Sir Edward Hungerford, and John Hill Gentleman, to a Bill of Complaint of John Meredith Esquire, and Eliz. his Wife, and Edward pington Gentleman, and Ann his Wife; which Eliz. and Ann were Sifters and Coheirs of Sir William Basset: Which Answer appeared to be sworn on 9th July 1694.

Whereupon, Sir Edward Hungerford was heard in his Place; and afterwards withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Edward Hungerford, being, by the Will of Sir William Basset, a Trustee for Sale of his Estate, for the Benefit of his Creditors and Legatees, hath not any Privilege of this House against the said Creditors and Legatees.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-lolved itl'clf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of 4s. in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may Save Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cpnfider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till. Tomorrow Mornings Nine a Clock.

Sabhati, 11 dieJtmuarii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Peregrine Hen Duties m

zAl', JacobHenzell, and Peregrine Tizack, on be- Glafe» half of themselves, and the rest of the Glafe-makers upon die North Side of the River Tine, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That die Petitioners An* oeftors, being the first Makers of broad Glass in England, did settle upon the River Tyne, where the Petitioners now carry on the said Art;, but now, besides a Duty laid upon Qlats, there being a Duty of 5 s.per Chaldron laid upon all Coals water-borne, by an Act of the last Parliament, which they are necelfitated to use; and several other Glass-works using no water-borne Coals, they will under* fell the Petitioners; so that they must give over their Employment: And praying, That the said Duty of 5 s. per Chaldron upon Coals, used for making Glass upon the said River, may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition b* referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain.....Glass Wares, Stone and

Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints

relating the reunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady FautV for enabling the Lady Katherine Fane to foil the liever- Estate. fion of certain Fee-farm Rents, given to her by her Grandfather John Bence Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stoner* for the enabling Thomas Stoner Esquire, Son and Heir of Estate. John Stoner Esquire, deceased, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate in Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Baldwyn reported from foe Committee, to whom Madefy the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Manor, vesting the Manor of Madely in the County of Salop, in Trustees, for certain Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report foe same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered foe same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwyn do carry the Bill to foe Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocldington have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa- Abi'euc*. lions.

Ordered, That all Motions for Members to have Leave to go into the Country, be made only between foe Hours of Eleven and One a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, from foe Lords, intituled, An Act Oath* of for altering Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An m ie Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Wm.Williams, Mr. Tredenham senior,

Mr. Whitacre, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Monson, Mr. Attorney-General, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Roberts, Lord -

bury, Mr. Loumes, Sir Mann. WyveSir Harry Hobart, Lord Ashley, Mr. St. Johns, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Frewen, Mr. Harley, Mr. Tracers, Mr. Gardner,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Slater, Mr. Ashby, Sir John Bolles, Mr.

19

A Member discharged from custody.

Preventing

Escapes.

A Member discharged from custody.

Lords deHre a Conference*

*Wye and

Lugg Navi* gallon.

Encouraging

Seamen.

Regulating

Elections.

W.III. n° Januarii387

Oranvitt, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Haveningham, Mr Mr.

Phillips, Sir William Blackct, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Vaughan-,

Mr. Baldveyn, Mr Ash, Lord Sir Ashurst,

Mr. Price, Mr. Brmvr, Mr. Jones, Lord Spencer, Mr.

Foletf junior: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Four a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas in Custody of

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Brener, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the preventing Escapes; and better Sc-rity and Relief of Creditors.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secon&time.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dashzcood, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody paying his Fees.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franktyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a Conference with this House, this Morning at Twelve of the Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Ix>rdfhij>s do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Managers who mauaged the last Conference do manage this Conference.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Towh of Monmouth was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they conceive Trade and Commerce by Navigation, to be advantageous to all Places; and that they do not oppose the County of Hereford in their Endeavours to make the Rivers IVye and Lugg navigable; (<7) [so as the Town of Monmouth may not be any way chargeable therewith.]

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for make-ing the Rivers IVyc and Lugg, in the County of Her ford, navigable, is committed.

A Petition of the Company of Watermen on the River of Thames was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in this House, for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen; which compels the Petitioners into a publick Register, to oblige them all to serve his Majesty at Sea, upon Pain to lose their Liberty of Rowing on the Thames, which is their only livelihood: That Seamen are left to a voluntary Register; which will prove such an Inequality and Hardship to the Petitioners, that it may totally prevent the future breeding of Watermen: And praying, That

they may be permitted to make a voluntary Register of themselves in their own Company, to be transmitted to the general Register.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the preventing Charge and Ex-peaces in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out the last Words, " and Ihi -1 suffer and undergo such " Pains, Punishments, Penalties, Iroprisonments, Cen* " fores, Expuliions, and Incapacities, as the;"

(<r) Supplied from the oriumal Petition.

Yot. XI.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by infcrting " upon such Election

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly,

Resolved, Kemine contradicente, That the Bill do pals:

And that the Title be. An Act for preventing of Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir William JVUliams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Then the Managers appointed w ent to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Boyle reported, That the Managers had met the Lords at the Conference; and that the same was managed on the Part of the Lords by the Earl of Bridgewater: Who acquainted them, That this Conference was deli red to keep that good Correspondence, which was so necessary between the Two Houses'j and said, That they were commanded to acquaint this House, That the Lords had agreed to the Amendment, made by the Commons, to the Lords Amendment to the Bill for regulating the Coinage, in the Cth Prels, 13. L.: And the Lords desist from all their other Amendments disagreed to by this House, except the Two following; viz.

Press 11. L. 13. after " shall," add " at any time " find necessary to."

L. 15. leave out " not being Iefs than Four."

On which their Lordships do infill:

For that the Lords do think it of too dangerous G'onsequence, if his Majesty should find it necessary, for the Benefit of the remote Counties, to make use of more Mints, to oblige him to erefit Four: For, since the only Expedient yet found to prevent Clipping, and false Coining, is to coin all the Money milled, if that Mystery or Art should be once discovered to false Coiners, which it is most likely to be, by employing so many Hands as must be used for Ijjpur Mints more; the Mischief of false Coining would be left altogether remediless for the future, and false Money perpetually made, to the Ruin of the Nation.

That the Earl of Bridgicaler said further, That the Lords hold themselves obliged to take Notice of what was delivered from the House of Commons, at the Close of the last Conference, in relation to pecuniary Penalties, mentioned in the Clauses sent down from their Lordships; which, the Commons say, ought to have their Commencement only from the House of Commons: Their Lordships conceive this to be highly derogatory to the Rights of their House; but since the House of Commons thought fit to deliver a bare Assertion only, without fbewing any Foundation for it, the Lords at present, will content themselves with as positive a Denial of it.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Ti 'wtnas Littleton acquainted the House, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Conference with Lords*

Supply Bill Laud Tax.

130 Januarii.

A. 1695.

Stoner't

Eftatt.

Duties on Coals, &c.

Luna, 13* die Januarii;

7* GuUelmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling Thomas Stoner Esquire, Son and Heir of John Stoner Esquire, deceased, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate in Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. slqfe, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Mr. Grey, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Parker, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

Ash, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Burdet, Sir Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Halsey, Sir John Barker, Mr. Tho. , Mr. Mr.

diamond, Mr. Mountague, Mr. IJow, Sir Gerv. Elu'cs, Mr. Whitacre, Sir S. BMr. San Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Ph. Foley, Mr. Brewer, Mr. junior, Me. Vernon, Mr. Cary, Mr. Mr. Felton,

Mr. Wharton, Mr. Waller: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of Charles Halford Esquire waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Father-in-law, Daniel JVigmore, being encouraged by an Act of Parliament, did, about 20 Years ago, at the Expence of above 5,000l. make the River Welland, from Deeping to Stanford, in the County of Lincoln, navigable; which has been a great Improvement of Trade, and Advantage to the Town of Stamford, and Country adjacent: That the Banks and Navigation of the said Iliver is maintained at a great yearly Charge to the Petitioner, for which he is paid a Duty, by way of Tonage, for all Vessels, passing up and down the said River laden; the Profit w hereof chiefly consistsby Importation of Sea-Coal to and, before the War, was worth betwixt and 500 /. yearly, by reason of the Cheapness of Sea-Coals, which then were never above 20 s.per Chaldron; but now they are risen to Three-and-thirty Shillings per Chaldron, by reason of an Act, made the last Parliament, for grantiii^ to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against F'rance, whereby a Duty of 5 s. per Chaldron is laid upon all Coals water-borne; lb that Stanford, and the Towns adjacent, can befupplied with other Coals, by Land-carriage, at a much cheaper Rate; whereby the said Duty will be avoided; the Petitioner will lose his said Estate; the said Rivet become unnavigable; and many Families, whose Livelihoods depend upon the said River, will be ruined: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Doubts and Complaints relating to the said Act.

Halfpene & A Complaint being made to the House of the Scarcity of Halfpence and Farthings, for some time palt, and at this time; and that the Patentees do make the same of bale Copper, and refuse to deliver out any but for milled and broad undipped Money; and at Ten or Fifteen Pounds per Cent.; and refuse to exchange Tin Farthings;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider the Matters of the said Complaint, and of the said Patent; and to examine, and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir Thomas Sir John Bolles, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Mountague, Mr.

ther, Mr. Whitacre, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gardner, Sir Andrews,

inghapi, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Gerv. Mr. Frewen,

Sir John Fagg, Mr. SloaMr. Gwynn, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. York, Mr. Bickerstajfe, Sir Tho. Barnardiston, Mr. White, Sir William Lowther: And they are to meet this Atternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers:

And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Hertford

vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the County Ele<aion-

of Hertford, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill,- from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady Fane'* for enabling the Lady Katherine Fane to fell her Rever- E<tate' fion of certain Fee-farm Rents, given to her by her Grand* father John Bence Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Brewer,

Air. Gardner, Sir Hairy Fane, Mr. Farrer, Mr. White,

Mr. Hedger, Mr. Mon son, Sir S. Barnardiston, Mr. Parker, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Whitacre, Mr. Air.

yer, Mr. JValler, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sir Bodes,

Air. Harvey,tSir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Bald-

wyn, Sir Tho. Barnardiston, Mr. Hoar, Sir Matih. drews', and'all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Kent and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Air. Bickcrstafe reported from the Committee, to w hom Recovery of

the Bill for the more ealy Recovery of small Tythes was SmallTythe*. committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quel'tionTeverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment was made to the Bill at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Friday Alorning Reverting next, relblve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, lodgment

I'1

Ten

iii>

ih*

U

against Sir W. Williams,

Eai things.

to consider of the Bill for reverling the Judgment against Sir JVitliam JVidiams; and for asserting the Rights and Freedom of Parliament.

A A lotion being made, and the Question being put,

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more xieirs. speedy and only Recovery, against Heirs within Age, of Debts contracted by their Ancestors;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for the preventing Escapes; and better Security Preventing and Relief of Creditors; w as read a Second time Escapes.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Brewer,

Sir Ji m. Williams, Mr. Finch, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Molesworth, Sir God fry Copley, Air.

Air. Moyle, Mr. JJ'aller, Mr. PhillipsAir. England, Air.

Machcll, Mr. Newport, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Roberts, Air.

Harcourt, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mountague, Sir Alarm. JJy-ved, Mr. Attorney-General,'Sir J Boles, Mr. Slone-house, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Baiduyn, Serjeant Air.

Colt, Mr. Ilow, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Moore, Mr. Solicitor-General, Serjeant Coward, Mr. Frewen, Air.

Hoar, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Lowther, Sir Gerv.

Elwes, Sir Win. Lowther', and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Powell'* for vesting several Messuages and Lands, belonging to , LM*. Samuel Ptrwed Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of his

Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air.:

Mr. Bickcrstafe, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Heveningham,

Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Poultney, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Gardner,

Mr. Swift, Colonel Perry, Mr. JAir, Gwynn, Air.

Noi'ris, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Newport, Sir John Bodes, Air.

Dolben, Mr. Mason, Sir F Jin. IAir. England, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Fuller, Sir Era. ton, Mr. Harcourt, Serjeant Bond, Mr. Brereton, Air.

Jgw 1

c

7 W.III.

Price, Sir Edward Acton; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Worcester> Salop, and Heres ord: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Wye and A Petition of many Inhabitants of the Town of Mon-Lugg Navi- mouth was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, gation. That the Mayor of the City of Hertford hath clandestinely prevailed upon William Williams, a poor Boatman, and several other poor Men of the Town of Monmouth, to subscribe a Paper, purporting their Approbation of making the Rivers Wye and Lugg navigable: That the Mayor, Burgesses, and all other the substantial Inhabitants of Monmouth, who pay parochial Taxes, do remonstrate against the said Subscription; lor that the making the said Rivers portable, will utterly ruin the said Town, by destroying their Corn-Market, on which it wholly depends; and thereby render the Petitioners unable to relieve their Poor, who are very numerous: And recommending their Dislike of the said Subscription to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Bill to make the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, navigable, is committed.

Remedying Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, th#^Coku°f Presented to the House a Bill for remedying the ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Supply Bill; Resolved\ That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

Laud lax. ing nex^ after the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treason, and Misprition of Treason, are taken into Consideration, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That the several Members of the House do, upon Wednesday Morning next, bring in to the said Committee the Names of the Commissioners for the several Counties, Cities, and Places, as is usual, to be inserted in the said Bill.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, refute Duty, solved itself into a Committee of the v hole House, to con-fuler of the Bill for granting certain Rates or Duties upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a considerable Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Alorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Lords desire A Aleflage from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Leave for Sir Robert Lcgard:

JJembers to Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded l>y the Lords to acquaint this House, That they having appointed a Committee, to take into their Consideration several Matters relating to the Trade of this Kingdom, who have informed the Lords, That the}' have Occasion to speakwith the Commissioners of the Admiralty, upon the Matters to them referred; the Lords do desire. That this House will give Leave to i'uch Members of this House as are Commissioners of the Admiralty, to come to the said Committee, when they shall be desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

VO L. XI.

389

Resolved, That this House doth give Leave to such Members of this House as are Commissioners of the Admiralty, to go to the said Committee, when they shall be desired, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therew ith.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 14* die Januarii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

MR. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Earl of

House a Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Torring*on,i Great Seal of England) to Arthur Earl of Torrington, by ‘n King William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and inefne Profits thereof.

The Bill w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next, in a full House.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Katherine Coun- Ditto, tess of Dorchester was presented to the House, relating to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill is read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and other Inhabit- \Vye and ants, of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Lugg Navi-Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting Sution % forth, That though the said County abounds with many useful Commodities; yet they stand in need of a great many more, that might be had at much easier Charge than now they are, if a free Water-passage was had in the Rivers Wye and Lugg, which is now obstructed by several Alills and Weirs erected thereon: And praying. That all Obstructions may be removed for making the said Rivers navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable is committed.

A Petition of the Alayor, Aldermen, Citizens, Free- Ditto* men, and Inhabitants, of the City of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners do most heartily concur with the County of Hertford, in their llequest to the House, That an Act may pal's for making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the said County, navigable; being deeply sensible, that the same will be very advantageous to the Petitioners, who lie under very great Want of easy Carriage of all Sorts of Commodities of the Product of Herefordshire; w hereby they are become mere Drugs in the Proprietors Hands:

And also, by such a Navigation, the Price of Coals and Fuel, which now' is very dear, will be reduced by One Half; and the Poor be thereby relieved; and the Roads much prelcrved, which are now almost unpafl'able: And praying the Removal of all Obstructions in the making the said Rivers of Wye and Lugg navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable is committed.

A Petition of divers Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Ditto, and Places, within the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many useful Commodities, which the said County affords, are become a mere Drug, and not worth the Rearing, for want of cheap Carriage; so, on the other hand, the said County wants other Commodities, as Salt, Coals, and other things; all which Nccefiitics may be remedied, by making the Rivers Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, navi-

.5 G gable;

i 3° — 140

! I

! I

1

Wye and

Lutvu Navi-'

gauon.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Duty on Couls.

Ditto.

14° Jmu*

A

gble; which will not only be a great Advantage to the let id County, but to the Kingdom in general: And praying, That an Act may pals, this Parliament, for removing all Obstructions that may hinder the Navigation of the fiii t Rivers; the County being willing to make the Proprietors of the Mills and Weirs thereon what.Satisfaction the House shall think reasonable

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making tire said Rivers navigable is committed.

A Petition of the Bailiff, High Steward, Recorder, Justices of the Peace, and all the capital Burgesses, of the

Borough of Leominster, in the County of Heres ord,..

setting forth, Ttyat the County of Hertford produceth Abundance of irieful Commodities, which might be communicated to other Parts of this Kingdom, to the Advantage of all in general, if there was a free Passageby Water in the Rivers Wye and Lugg; but, by reason of several Mills and Weirs upon tive laid Rivers, Commerce with their Neighbours is loft; and Land-carriage is lb excessive dear, and uone at all in the roost usefulSeafons of the Year, by reason of the Deepness of the Roads, that their Commodities are scarcely worth the Propagating: And praying the Removal of all Obstructions in making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Heres ord, navigable.

Ordered, That die Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the taking the publick Accounts: And that Mr. Richard Mountague, and Mr. Hammond, do pie pare, and bring in, the Bill

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, in Council assembled, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said City is very populous, and is served with Coals from the River St rente; and, by reason of the Cloathing-Trade many Hundreds of the poorer Sort inhabit there: That the late Dearness of Bread hath sufficiently shewn their Inclination to mutiny: And Fire is as necessary to comfort the Body: That notwithstanding the City did lav out 200l. in Coals, to supply the Use of the Poor in the Winter at a low Rate; yet they ramble, and destroy the neighbouring Woods and Fences, w'hich does occasion great Intonve-niencies: And praying, That the Tax upon Coals may be totally taken away, or made easier to the Poor.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France; and the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

France; and of the Doiibts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Ordered, That Sir William Morley, in Custody of the A Member Serjeant at Arms, for absenting himself from his Service <hfcharged in Parliament, be dtfbiiarged out of Custody, paying his ,rom culux^* Fees.

A BUI for continuing several Duties, granted by former Supply Bill; Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco^ and Dunes on Fast-India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, "ines>&c* for carrying on tire War against France, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Claute, for the encouraging the making of Sail-Cloth in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties upon foreign Iron.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties upon Lapis Calaminaris.

Ordered, That Mr. John How have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Absence Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Blake have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Oecalions.

A Bill for remedying the ill Slate of the Coin of this R«medyinj Kingdom was read the First time. ill State of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. the Co‘"*

A Petition of the Refiners of Sugar in the City of Sugar Trade.

London, in behalf of themselves, and the relt of the Sugar refiners in England, was presented to the Motile, and read; setting forth, That the Sugar Manulafture in England employs great Numbers of People; and, heretofore great Quantities of white refined Sugar was exported to Spain, Italy, Turkey, and the East Country, and made a great Article in the Balance of Trade; but, by means of some Discouragement the said Trade lies under, it has been loft to this Nation for some Years past: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House; to w hom the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported for carrying on the W'ar against France, is committed.

A Petition of the Feltmakers, Dyers, Smiths, and other poor Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read , setting forth, That the Difficulties under which they now' labour, are, not only the Decay of Trade in general, but the Duty of 5.?. per Chaldron laid on Coals by an Act of the last Parliament; which has raised Coals from 15 s. a Chaldron in time of Peace, to above 35 per Chaldron now; and there is little Likelihood of their being cheaper, unless the said Duty, which is very bur-denlome to the Petitioners, be taken off; which they hope the House will the rather do, because the said Tax falls chiefly on poor Artificers: And praying, That the House will find out son.e other more equal and general V ay to raile Money, than by continuing the said Tax.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Act. made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against 14

A Petition of Sir Thomas G rosve Grantt.

dleton. Sir John Coirway, Baronets, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir t ail of William Williams, Knights and Baronets, Sir Roger Pale- BmtUud. ston Knight, Edward Vaughan, Edward Brent on, and Robert Price. Flquires, on behalf of themselves, and other the Freeholders and Inhabitants in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lordships and Manors of Denbigh, and

Vale, and divers other Manors, Castles, and Qands, comprised in an intended Grant from the Crown, to William Earl of Portland, and his Heirs, are of great Extent and Value, containing near Four Parts in Five of the County of Denbigh; and are, for the most part, the Principality and Revenue of the Princes of JVates; and are the most valuable and populous Part of the County: That the Petitioners being informed such Grant was passing, with all the Regalities and Royal Franchises, which were ever enjoyed over the Subject by the Kings of England, or Princes of Wales', and finding, that much of the ancient Inheritance of the Petitioners, and other Freeholders, which they have many Ages quietly enjoyed, was also included in the said

>u

fcc

Fr;v

hi

3;

J!:-

1

M.

v

r

7 W. lit

tf — 15'0 Janu&riu

591

UH

nlyB3;

lesdj

to, 4.

TCdf

*4

State of the Nation.

Encouragement ot Privateers.

laid Grarit; they epposed the Pafling theneof, at the Ti'ea- Dtfty wpon the Manufacture itself, the same is doubly fury, but in vain; the said Earl ft ill proceeding to pftfs taxed, and thereby lo much discournged, that many Fires the feme at the Privy-Seal; in manned; Prejudice to the 1 J " " ‘ ‘ "*L‘ "I' *1"*

Right and Principality of the Princes of Wales, the Di-

minution of the Revenue of the Crown, and to the great Injury and Oppression of the Petitioners: And praying Leave to lay the Pretniles before Che House, to be considered, prevented, or redressed, by such Methods as die House Ifeall think lit

Resolved, Nemine cmtradicentc, That an humble Ad-

drels be made to his Majesty, to stop the passing a Grant, to the Earl of Portland, of the Manors of Denbigh, Brotn-feild, and Yale; and otlrcr Lands in the Principality of Wales', and that they may not be disposed from the Crown, but by Content of Parliament.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the said Address:

And it is referred to Mr. Boyle, Sir William Williams,

Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Rich. Middleton, Mr. Price, Sir Hairy Goff, Mr. Harley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Gicyn,

Sir Herbert Crofts, Sir Chr.Musgrave, Sir Richard Tem-

ple, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Ash, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Foley,

Colonel Granville, Mr Brereton, Mr. St.Johns, Sir Geo.

Hungerfoi'd, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Finch, Sir Fra.Winingtm,

and all the Meml>ers for North Wales; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the hole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House (ocon lider of the Bill for Encouragement of Privateers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Fill, and madefeveral Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine a Clock.

are already put out, and the rest are near out; lo that, if the Tax upon Coals be continued, the Manufacture will be ruined, and loft to this Nation, and the Poorftarved; and those thatare the Artificers, forced to travel into foreign Countries for Employment: That the Act not expressnig, that Bottles exported, filled with any Liquors, should have the Benefit of the Draw back, the Commissioners of the Customs refole to allow- the fame; whereby the Exportation thereof is much prevented: And praying the Explanation of the House, with rcl'pect to the Exportation of die feid fuli Bottles; and that such Relief may be had in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glals Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

Mr. Brener reported from the Committee, to whom Stoner's the ingrofi' d Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for tllate* the enabling Thomas Stoner Esquire, Son and Heir of Stoner Esquire, deceastd, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Efiale in Marriage, notwithstanding his Mi-

P 7 o

ncriiy, w as committed, That they had examined and considered the Bill; and directed him to report die feme to the House, w ithout any Amendments: And he delivered the feme in at the Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendments.

Lords desire Leave for a Member to attend them*

Morning,

Merairii, 15* die

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

P R A y E R s.

Debtors

Relief.

Halfpence and Farthings.

Courts of Equity.

Duties on Coals, &c.

SIR John Lordlier, according to Order, presented to

the House a Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt or Damages.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Yales, Mr. Onslow, Sir Harry Hobart, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Steph. Evans, Mr.

Mr. aEtterick, Mr. Lownds, be added to the Committee

appointed to consider the Matter of the Complaint, made to the House, touching Halfpence and Farthings.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill to regulate Proceedings in Courts of Equity, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly: And he presented the same to the House: And the Bill was received.

A Petition of the Masters, Workmen, and Servants, of the Glals-houses in Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Manufacture of Glals has been, of late Years, greatly improved in England, and Multitudes of Families thereby employed; but, by reason of the present great Tax upon Coals, and also the Vol. XI.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Legat'd:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords do desire this House will give Leave to the Lord Cutis to attend their Hou fc, in order to be examined, as a Witness on the behalf of the Lord before

the Lords Committees, appointed by the Lords, for taking into their Consideration several Matters relating to the Trade of this Kingdom, touching feme things now under their Consideration.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth give Leave to the Lord Cut/s to attend the Lords, as they do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Air.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill to Select regulate Abuses in feleCl Vcltrics, within the weekly Bills Vtftrie*. ot Alortality: And that Air. Manly do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Air. Ba/dzryn reported from the Committee, to v horn Powell's the ingrosstd Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Aleftuages and Lands, belonging to Samuel Powell Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the feme; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the feme in at the Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Air. Baldwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendment.

A Bill for remedying the ill State of the Coin of this Remedying Kingdom was read a Second time. s£*,e of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee 1 oin* of the whole House.

A Alotion

3.9®

15* — 16° Januarii.

A. 1695.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

(Mr. Boyle, (Sir John Bolles: 1164.

(Sir Rowland Gwyn, (Sir JVm. Lerwther: } 174-

the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed:

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Recovery Tythes was read the Third time. 2* s"ial1

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, ei>‘

An Act for the more easy Recovery of Small Tythes.

Ordered, That Mr. Bickerstaffe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Dyers, Setters, clothworkers, Preventing PrelTers, Callenders, Packers, Tillet-painters, and other \y^rto1 Artificers,^, inhabiting in and about the City of,

and other Parts of England, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands depending on the said severalTrades, waspresented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, by their severalTrades, have been able to maintain their Families; but, of late Years, Foreigners and others have bought up great Quantities of Woollen Ma-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the said nufactures, and tranl'ported them beyond Sea white and Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and unmanufactured, to the Ruin of the Petitioners lrades made several Amendments; which they had directed him and Families: And praying, That the Transportation of to report, when the House will please to receive the same. ffich Goods white may be prohibited; or that a Mulct Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow be laid upon them for the Use of his Majesty.

Morning at Eleven a Clock. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for prevent-

Tryals for Treal'on.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cales of Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War againfit France.

ing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

Colonel Perry reported from the Committee, to whom Aunger'* the Bill to enable John Aunger, an Infant, to make a Lease, Elute, for the Improvement of his Estate, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

U

Pr,c

ue

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lady Fane's Ellale.

Jovis, 16* die Januarii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR Henry Fane reported from the Committee, to,) whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Lady Katherine Fane to fell the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for continuing till Tomorrow several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War

----- ----- ----- - against France, is committed, That they do consider of

the Doubts touching the Duties upon Molofl'es, and

Supply Bill; Dunes ou Wines, See.

Vc;pv

t;

French Goods taken in Prize-Ships.

A Petition of Dennis Daly and Edm Esquires, Oaths «r

in behalf of themselves and others, the Lawyers of the Supremacy Town of Galloway, in Ireland, was presented to the House, 10 lrel‘u‘d' and read; letting forth. That, by the late Articles made for Surrender of Galloxcayinto his Majesty's Hands, the

Jy r '-LX

Reversion of certain Fee Farm Rents, given to her by her Lawyers thereof are to have Liberty of practising the Grandfather John Bence Esquire, was committed. That Law, taking only the Oath of Allegiance: That the

Articles of being produced to the late Parliament, on making the Act for abrogating the Oath of

they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

L

Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, there was a Saving therein for the Lawyers of Lymericlr, but the Articles of Gallxcay being then mislaid, in the Secretary's

Office, and not produced, there was no Provision made

Ordered, That Sir Henry Fane do carry the Bill to the for the Lawyers of: That, loon after, the Articles

Encouraging

Seamen.

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendment.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Fishermen of the River of Thames, was

of Gallway were found, and ratified by his Majesty, under the Great Seal, with his Royal Promile to give the Assent to any Bill that should pals both Iloules of Parliament for that Purpose: That, in 1692, the Privy-Council of Ireland transmitted a Bill for enabling the

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Lawyers of Galkcay to practise, pursuant to the said Ar-Petitioners have often petitioned the House for Liberty to tides; which his Majesty did not think fit to approve, keep a Register of all Fishermen, Dredgermen, and Ser- because it seemed to oppugn the said Act of Parliament vants, within the Limits of their Charter: That there is of England: That the Petitioners are not above Five in

a Bill now depending before the House, for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, for a general Register of Seamen: And praying, That a Clause may be inlcrted in the said Bill, to ini power the said Company to keep a Register of all Fishermen, Dredgermen, and Servants, within the Precincts of their Charter, to be transmitted to the general Register.

Number; always were ready to take the Oath of Allegiance; have publick Faith; and the Great Seal of England for its Sanction; yet they remain disabled from following their Callings for their Subsistence, by real'on of the said late Act; not being able to repeat and subscribe the Test and Declaration thereby appointed: And pray-That Provision may be made by the ingrossed Bill,

from

wverj

ull

lues.

ev?DtiDt

W

QuL

,:n:*r'i

Half.

rplySli

Jllrsil

Jits, k,

‘hs of r«iiry itiilli

7 W. III.

from the Lords, now before this House, touching absent Peers of Ireland, and their Proxies, to enable the Petitioners to pra6tife the Law. in Ireland, according to the said Articles and Ratification.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing % other Oaths, is committed.

Expiring Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

La* what Laws are near expiring and are necessary to be continued; and report the same to the House:

' And it is referred to Sir John Kay, Sir Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Sloane, Sir Lowther, Sir Gei'v. Elwes, Sir // in Cooper, Mr. Manly, Mr. -worth, Mr. Price, Mr. Mr. Ilexeningham, Sir

Godfry Copley, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Mr.

Guynn, Mr. Alountague, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Serjeant JVo~ gan, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Aloore, Sir John Bolles, Sir Raiv-land Gxcyn, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Mr. Brewer, Mr.

Monson; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Practifers A Motion being made, and the Question being proof Law to posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That none take Oaths. j]la]| p[-actife the Law in England, but such as shall take the Oaths to the Government;

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Question, by adding after " Law," " or Physick

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That none shall prattife the Law in England, but such as shall take the Oaths to the Government.

Shipwrights, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap-c* pointed to examine the Matter of the Petition of the Ship-

wrights and Workmen, belonging to his Majesty s Yards at Deptford and Woolwich; and other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Doty on A Petition of several Merchants of London, Importers Tobacco. of Tobacco, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That *

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Coin. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to w'hom the Bill for remedying the ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom w-as committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had direfited him to report to the House; and whichdie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and all of them, but one which was disagreed, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed, unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the A&. shall not oblige the melting down, or prohibit the Currency, of Six-pences, not clipped within the innermost Ring:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and agreed unto by the House.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Matter-worker of the Mint shall, upon every Hundred Pound Weight Troy of Silver, coin Forty Pounds Weight thereof in Shillings, and Ten Pounds Weight in Six-pences, for the Conveniency of Commerce: And the same was twice read j and amended; and agreed unto by the House.

Vol. XI.

393

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to the Order of the Hertford Day, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elcc- Election, tions, the Matter touching the Election for the County of Hertford, and the Refutations of the said Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; videlicet.

Upon the Petition of Robert Esquire, complaining of an undue Election of Tho. Halsey Esquire, to serve for the County of Hertford:

That Counsel on both Sides being called in;

Mr. Dyer, the High Sheriff for the County of Hert-

ford, produced the Poll: By which the Numbers appeared to be thift; viz.

For Mr. Halsey - - - -1.428.

For Mr. Cecill - - - -1,41a.

That Mr. Dyer said, That all that were polled were sworn, That they had a Freehold of 40 a Year, or upwards, in the County of Hertford, and had not been polled before: And that the Candidates did all agree to the doling of the Poll.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, That many Persons were polled for Mr. Halsey, that were not qualified to vote in that Election.

And they called a Witness to disqualify a Freeholder that had voted for Mr. Halsey, as having no Freehold:

Which Evidence was opposed by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, in respect of the Oath that had been taken by each Freeholder, as aforesaid.

Whereupon, the Counsel being withdrawn, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Evidence ought not to be admitted to disqualify an Elector, as no Freeholder, who, at the Election, swore himself to be a Freeholder.

And, the Counsel on both Sides being again called in, and acquainted with the said Resolution;

The Petitioner did proceed to give Evidence of feme Quakers, who were Freeholders, and demanded to be polled for the Petitioner, but were refused on account that they w ould not swear; and of others, who would have polled for the Petitioner, but were kept out of the Place where the Poll was taken:

But, the Petitioner not pretending to prove above Twelve Persons of either Sort; which Number would not have given him the Majority upon the Poll; the Counsel for the Petitioner said, They would not further trouble the Committee; they being over-ruled by the Committee, in their Exceptions to the Sitting Member's Voters, which they chiefly relied upon.

That the Committee, upon the whole Matter, came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Thomas Halsey Esquire is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of ford.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Evidence ought not to be admitted to disqualify an Elector, as no Freeholder, who at the Election, swore himself to be a Freeholder;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,. } .<,»

.TeUer, forteNoe,{f^ }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Hatsey Esquire is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hertford.

5 H Mr.

i6° Januarii.

394

16° — 170

A. 1695;

Surrey

Election.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Ludlow

Election.

Committees.

Mr. Solicitor General also reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the County of Surrey, and the Resolutions of the said Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of Edward 'Harvey Esquire, complaining of an undue Return for the County of

Surrey:

The Committee appointed a Day for hearing the Merits of that Election.

That, Couniel on both Sides being called in, the Petitioner objected to several of the Sitting Member's Voters, as no Freeholders:

Put it being insisted, on behalf of the Sitting Member, That that Exception ought not now to be received, they having, at the Time of the Election, sworn theml'elves to be Freeholders;

And the Counsel thereupon withdrawing;

The Committee came to this Rel'olution;

Refblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Evidence ought not to be admitted to disqualify an Elector, as no Freeholder, who, at the Election, fvvore himself to be a Freeholder.

And, the Counsel being called in again, and acquainted with the said ltesolution;

The Petitioner's Counsel said, That what other Ex* ceptions they had would not reduce the Votes for the Sitting Member so as to give the Petitioner a Majority.

That thereupon, being again withdrawn, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it' is the Opinion of this Committee, That DcnzittOnsloiv Esquire is duly elected a Knight to

serve in this present Parliament for the County of Surrey.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Rill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir 1 homasLittleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Consideration of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treason, and Misprision of Treason, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Lloyd be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition touching the Election for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Duty on Coals.

to his Majesty's Customs; for that they cannot carry on their Trade without great Quantities of Coals; and the Duties which they pay for the Goods with which they dye, with the said Tax upon Coals, is so excessive high, that Foreign Parts can dye our Woollen Manufactures, and their own, much cheaper than the Petitioners; and, consequently, will undersell us at Foreign Markets; so that not only the Dyeing-Trade may thereby be loft to England, but his Majesty's Customs lessened, for want of a Consumption of the Commodities used therein: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France', and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Portsmouth vileges and Elections touching the Election for the Bo- Election> rough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

5c;

U'

Bampfeild*s

Eliiile,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Trustees to make Lealbs of the Estate of Sir Copies ton Wancick Bampfeild Baronet, an Infant, during his Infancy; and for the laying out the Monies, to be raised thereby, in Purchases, to the Ulbs the said Estate now is:

And that Mr. Hooper do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners, for Debt and Da- Debtors mages, was read a Second time. Rehei.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr. Hecen-ingham. Sir John Lm ther, Mr. Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Lmother, Mr. Bozcyer, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Far-ret', Sir John Bolles, Mr. Paget, Mr. Gardner, Mr. York,

Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Weld, Mr. Air.

Air. Parker, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Mr.

Pepys, Mr. Machell, Mr. BurdeMr. Air.

Travers, Mr. Sayers, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Cooper, Sir Wm.

Cooper, Mr. Wat/ington, Sir WmWilliams, Air. port, Mr. Osborne: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Cr!

Ei:

Pa

.Afidi

ike

Air. Richard Mountague, according to Order, presented Commis-to the House a Bill for the examining, taking, and stating the publick Accounts.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Elections — Punishing of such as shall forfivear themselves, before the Oaths ad-Sheriff, at Elections of Knights of Shires: And that Sir to* Voters. William Cooper and Air. Bowyer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Jenkins'* the Sale of the Estate of Newce Jenkins, and Margaret his Ettate. Wife, and Mary Beningsjcild, Widow for Payment of Debts: And that Air. Price do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Reverfin* '

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the1 whole Judgment

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 17* die Januarii;

7 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Dyers, on behalf of themselves and others of their Trade, in the City of London, and several Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty of 5 s. per Chaldron laid upon Coals, by an Act of the last Parliament, will be the Ruin of the Petitioners, and prejudicial

14

House, to consider of the Bill for reverting the Judgment ‘?al‘*!VSir against Sir William Williams; and asserting the Rights and 1 amB' Freedom of Parliament.

A Aleflage from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Warner'»

Sir Richard Holford: . Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill

7 W. Ill

17* Januarii.

395

scourts of Equity.

Coin.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

A Bill for regulating Proceedings in Courts of Equity was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for remedying the ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Afaiefty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty s Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inba- Wye and bitants, of the Parish of Eastnor, in die Hundred of Nav‘* Radio, and County of Hereford, was presented to the e"uon* House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Bill now depending before the House, for making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of navigable*

which will be to the Petitioners very great Damage: And praying. That a Time may be given for shewing the ir

Woo

LIccd-4

-itiie,

Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Realons against the said Navigation.

Year, for carrying on the War against France, is com- /n'J ----- ----- --' ~ -

mitted, That they do receive a Clause, That ail Persons, that will, may pay in their Four Quarterly Payments of the said Tax, at one time, in clipped Money.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufilion also to the said Committee, That they do receive a Borrowing Clause.

Grant to Earl of Portland.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare an humble Address, to be made to his Majesty, to Itop the passing a Grant to the Earl of

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of Detention

Owners of the Ship Betty Frigate, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, in 1693, the Peti- rI^w' tioners built the said Ship, and furnished her with all warlike Provisions, and obtained a Commission from the Admiralty for making her a Privateer: Thatafterwards, her Captain

ebtotj

eliei

eii of

twas-ts ad-i?rfd

*4

eel

5!i

liitf*

Portland\ of the Manors of Denbigh, Bromfeild, and Yak> took a French Ship, leaden with Fish, and sent the Prize

And nthpr T.jindc in thp Prin/*inalifu nf 1vnh*& nnii that Cr\r H+*lete»// Imf Ktr nAnfportr Winrlc woe infA

and other Lands, in the Principality of Wales; and that they may not be disposed from the Crown but by Consent of Parliament; That they had prepared the said Address accordingly ;which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was

for Bristol I; but, by contrary Winds, was forced into Cork, in Ireland; where (he w as stopped by Mr. Bedford, Agent for the Prize Office in England, under Pretence of securing his Majesty's Share, though ffie was not arrived at the Place of her Discharge; for which the Petitioners Corresponclent there offered unquestionable Security, upon

twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as her Arrival at that (lie might have the Convoy

Addrrfs

thereon.

followeth; viz.

May it pleaseyour most Excellent Majesty:

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, humbly lay before your Majesty, That whereas there is a Grant passing to William Earl of Portland, and his Heirs, of the Manors of Denbigh, and

Yale, and divers other Lands, in the Principality of Wales; together with several Estates of Inheritance enjoyed by many of your Majesty's Subjects by virtue of ancient Grants from the Crown:

That the said M anors, with the large and extenli ve Royalties, Powers, and Jurisdictions, to the same belonging, are of great concern to your Majesty, and the Crown of this Realm; and that the same have been usually annexed to the Principality of Wales, and settled on the Princes of

of the England Frigate, then bound for but the said Prize was stopped at Cork so long, that die England Frigate went aw>ay without her; and afterwards, coming the nce alone, (he was re-taken by the French, and so wholly lolt to the Petitioners; who applied themselves to the Commissioners for Prizes, for Reparation of their Damages sustained by their Detention; but can hitherto have no Relief: And praying the Cpnlideration of the House in the Premises.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is refen ed to Sir John Bolles,

Mr. Yates, Mr. Hotly, Lord Digby, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir William Williams, Mr. Morgan, Mr. York, Mr.

Wales, for their Support; And that a great Number of Sir Godfry Mr. Sir

your Majesty's Subjects, in those Parts, hold their Estates by Royal Tenure, under great and valuable Compositions, Rents, Royal-Payments, and Services, to the Crown, and Princes of Wales; and have, by such Tenure, great Dependence on your Majesty, and the Crown of

Mr. Burdet, Sir Phil. Butler, Mr. Mr.

Quintin, Mr. Moore, Mr. Price, Mr. Hoar, Air. , Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Shane, Mr. Elwill, Mr. Sir

John Loivther, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. England, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Grtynn, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Egerton, Sir

and have enjoyed great Privileges and Advantages, with Gerv. Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Ash, Mr.:

their Estates, under such Tenure

We therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty, to put a Stop to the passing this Grant to the Earl of Portland, of the said Manors and Lands; and that the same nay not be disposed from the Crown but by Consent of

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are to have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of Bristoll, Detention of

Parliament: For that such a Grant is in Diminution of Owners of the Ship Gaily, was presented to the Danby

the Honour and Interest of the Crown, by placing in a House, and read j setting forth, That the Petitioners, in Subject such large and extensive Royalties, Powers, and 1692, built the find Vessel, and furnished her with all Junfdifitions, which ought only to be in the Crown; and warlike Provisions, and applied themselves to the Admi-will fever that Dependence, which (b great a Number of ralty for a Commission for her going a Privateer, but your Majesty's Subjects, in those Parts, have on your were denied it; afterwards Horatio Townsend, Lieutenant Majesty, and the Crown, by reason of their Tenure; and to the Marquis of Carmarthen, hired her into his Ma-may be to their great Opprefiion in those Rights which jesty's Service, and used her therein for several Months; they have purchased, and hitherto enjoyed with their but the Navy-board denied any Payment of her Hire:

Estates; and also, an Occasion of great Vexation to many That, afterwards, the Petitioners sent the said Galley to of your Majesty's Subjects, who have long had the abfo- the Streights, on a trading Voyage; and, upon her Arrival

lute Inheritance of several Lands, comprehended in the said Grant to the Earl of Portland, by ancient Grants from the Crown.

Voi* XI.

there, made fresh Application to the Admiralty for a Privateer's Commission, but were denied it, because lhe was in a foreign Port; whereupon, they procured a Commit

fion

Try all for

Treafoiu

Candid.

Committed*

170- — 18" Januarii.

A. 1695.

fion from the Duke of Savoy to keep to themselves whatever they should take of the French King's Subjects; and, accordingly, the said Ship took several Prizes in the Archipelago; but, putting into Livorne Port, with her Prizes, was there flopped by Mr. the English

Consul, and Agent for the Prize-Office, for his Majesty's 5th Part, where they are still detained: That Captain Silcox, Captain of his Majesty's Ship the Turk's took by Force, from the Commander of the Petitioner's Ship, one of her Prizes: That the Petitioners have often applied themselves to the Commissioners of the Navy and Prize-Office, for Damages, but can have no Relief; which is to the great Discouragement of Privateering, and Lois of the Petitioners: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of the City of Br, Owners of the Betty Gaily, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House proceeded, according to the Order of the Day, to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for regulating of Tyals in Cafes of Treason, and Misprision of Treason:

And the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

3 Skin, 20 L. after " committed," insert " and that " no Pterion or Persons shall be prosecuted for any such " Treason, or Misprision of such Treason, committed or " done, or to be committed or done, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of H ales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, before the said 2',th Day of " March, unless he or they shall be indicted thereof " within Three Years after the said 25th Day of March:

" Always provided and excepted, That if any Person or " Persons whatsoever shall be guilty of designing, endea-

vouring, or attempting, any Assassination on the Body " of the King, by Poison, or otheru ife, such Person or Persons be prosecuted at any time, notwithstanding the " aforesaid Limitation."

4 Skin, L. 14, after " made," add Clause marked A:

That, upon the Tryal of a Pe er or Peereft, all the Peers who have a Right to vote, shall be summoned Twenty Days, at least, to appear at such Tryal; and every Peer, lb appearing, shall vote in the Tryal, lirft taking the Oaths, mentioned in an Act made in First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and also subscribing, and repeating, the Declaration, mentioned in an Act made in the 30th Year of the Reign of King Charles the 2d.

The First Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Amendment being read a Second time;

Ordered, That Candles be brought in:

The Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}»*

Tellers for the Noes.{^|« } , jo.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Colonel Granvill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock,

Sabbati, 18* die Ja

7# Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Warner*# for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Ironmongers, and other Duty on Tim Traders and Inhabitants, of the City of was pre- imported.

Tented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Wealth of this Nation doth chiefly arise from the Labour of its People; and whatever hinders the making their Manufactures, doth so far put a Stop to, and lessen, the Trade and Profit of the Kingdom: That Iron being the Foundation of many Manufactures, and the Quantities thereof raised at home not being sufficient to furnish our own Expence, and the Necessities of the Plantations, the Overplus was formerly supplied from other Countries, in Returns for our Woollen Manufactures font thither; but since the making of an Act of Parliament, in the Second Year of King Williamand Queen Mary, a Duty being thereby laid upon all unwrought Iron and Rod-Iron imported, much above what those Commodities were able to bear, very little thereof hath been imported; and the Petitioners are sufficiently experienced, the Iron raised here will hot near answer the Occasions of the Nation; for that they could not be supplied with One Half of the Iron Manufactures they should have lent to the Plantations lately, from the Port of Bristoll-, and the Want of Iron from abroad will yearly increase, unlcft the said Duty be taken off; the Continuance whereof hath tended more to the Advantage of the Iron-masters at home, than to the Increase of his Majesty's Revenues: That the Dutch have, since the said Act, furnished Spain and other Markets, with Nails, cheaper than we could do; and will, in a lliort time, beat us out of that Trade: And praying the House to consider the Mischiefs which attend the Trade of the Nation by the Continuance of the said Duties any longer.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for eontinuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, lor carrying on the War against France, is committed.

A Complaint being made to the House, That John Privilege Dioda/e, a menial Servant to Thomas Dore Eli pure, a Member of this House, hath been arrested, upon mesne Procefe, by William Pettingalc, James Aly, Cornelius Johnson, and Richard Btncgan; and is detained in Prison; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the said John Diodate be discharged out of Prison, the said Mr. Dore affirming him to be his menial Servant.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and others, in and Dutl(1J

about the City of London, trading in Tobacco, was pre- Tobacco.

fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That *

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War against France, is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Servant? Ascertaining of Servants Wages; and for the more easy Wa8*s-

Recovery

1

b

Ef

1

"‘Hfl 1 Ult,

ni

V

j

1

7 W. III.

18' — 20° Januarii,

297

those.

Wye and

Lugg Navigation*

spinal,

Enronragr-meni of Privateers.

rivito

>s«

Ditto.

P

p

Recovery of the fame: And that Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Sir William Williams, and Sir Thomas Littleton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Ledbury, in the Hundred of Radio, in the County of Hereford, was pre-' fented to the House, and read; jetting forth. That there is a Bill depending in the House, for the making of the Rivers of Wye and Lttgg, in the County of Hereford, navigable; which will be a great Damage to the Petitioners: And praying a Time to shew their very great Realbns against the said Navigation.

Ordered, i'fiat the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Tlarcourt, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole Iloule, to whom the Bill for Encouraging of Privateers was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, fbme of them <lifiigreed, aiul the Residue agreed, unto by the House; and other Amendments made to the Bill, at the 1 able.

A Clanle was offered, to be added to the Bill, forpre-serving the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty:

And the same was twice read:

And the Question being put, That the same be made Part of the Bill;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be made Part of the Bill, for fu ing the Jurisdiction of the Cinque-Ports; and enacting the lame:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clanle was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving the Rights of the Cinque-Ports:

And the same was tw ice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for allowing Salaries to the Officers of the Custom-house:

And the same was once read:

consider of the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave ro fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*

And then Morning,

the House adjourned Nine a Clock.

till Monday

Lwice, 20° die Januarii;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Carriers, Waggoners, and Highway others, travelling the Western Roads, w as presented Law*, to the House, and read: letting forth, That, by the Statute of 22° Car. 2. for repairing Highways and Bridges, no Waggoner is to travel the Roads with more than Five Horlcs at Length; and if they draw with a greater Number, they shall all draw in Pairs, except One Horse; under the Penalty of Forty Shillings: That Richard Feilder, and others, upon Pretence of being Undertakers for the Roads, and Informers of the Abuses committed therein, extort great Sums of Money from the Petitioners; and, by Combination, do take quarterly Payment of 20s, 15$. and Seven Shillings, per Quarter, to permit the Waggoners to draw with as many Horses as they please; and if they do not comply with the said Informers, they seize upon their Horses, and pretend they have incurred the Penalty of the said Act; so that they cannot travel the Roads w ithout incurring the said Penalty, the Informers giving out, That they will be paid, however the Waggoners draw; but V they will agree with them, they

it

shall draw with 20 Horses, if they will: And praying,' And the Question being put, That the Clause be read . That the House will explain the said Act, or otherwise

Second time;

It passed in the Negative. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Haynet'

Estate.

Regulating Elec Lions.

Supply Bill; Dunes on Wine, &c*

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mdcs Cooke and Sir Robert Leonard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Richard llayncs Esquire to little a Jointure on his now Wife; and to exchange Lands with the Trustees of Thomas Stevens Klquire, deeeal'cd: To which they desire the Concurrence of this Iloule. Alfb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Amendments to the said Bill were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth;

1 Skin, 2-t~ L. initcad of "this," read "the;" and, after "Kingdom," insert "of England, Dominion of " Wales, or Town of Bernrich upon Tweed."

,;4 L. the same Amendments.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Vox.. XI.

redress their Grievance, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir Godfry Copley, Sic Richard Onslow, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Ja. Mr.

Blojicld, Lord Spencer, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Yates, Mr. Parker, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sand ford, Sir John Mr.'

Whitacre, Mr. Booth, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Cooper, Mr.

Monson, Mr. White, Mr. Blake, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Molesicorth, Mr. Perry, Mr. Moore, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Grey, Mr. England, Mr.

Hobby, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Watlington: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for erecting a Court of Cod- Holboomaa* science for Holboum and Finsbury Division be read a Finsbury Second time, upon Friday Morning next: And that the Court of Lady Russell be then heard, by her Counsel, at the Bar of ^on,c,ence‘ this House, against the said Bill: And that the Inhabitants of the said Division be also then heard, by their Counsel, to the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

A Petition of several Merchants and Traders of the Petition ftom City of Bristoll was presented to the House, and read; Bristol and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

5 1 An

4

Haynes'* Eft ate.

Elections. — Oaths administered to Voters.

Ways and Means.

King appoints to be attended.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Bringing Plate to be coined.

English East India Company.

20° Januarii.

A. 1695.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Haynes Esquire to settle a Jointure on his now Wife; and to exchange Lands with the Trustees of Thomas Stevens Esquire, deceased; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for punching such as shall forswear themselves, before the Sheriff, at the Elections of Knights of Shires, That they do bring in a Clause to compel the Sheriff to administer an Oath to the Electors, that they are Freeholders, if the Candidates require the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also, That they do bring in a Form of an Oath to be administered by the Sheriff to the Freeholders.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also, That they do bring in a Clause, for preventing Inconveniencies by the Sheriffs adjourning the County-Court.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also, That they do bring in a Clause, to compel the High Sheriff, upon Receipt of the Writ for electing Members to serve in Parliament, to fend the Precepts forthwith to the several Boroughs, without Fee or Reward for the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the Wrar against France.

Ordered, That the said Committee of the whole House do consider of Impositions upon all French Goods imported.

Sir Henry Goodi'ick acquainted the House, That his Majesty having, according to Order, been waited upon, humbly to know his Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House, his Majesty had been pleased to appoint on Wednesday next, at Five a Clock, at Kensington.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Report be made.

A Bill for the examining, taking, and stating, the pub- Commis-lick Accounts, was read a Second time. sioners of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Account*, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of - Darwent feild, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the Navigatioa House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill now depending in the House, for making the River in the County of Derby, navigable; which Bill, if it should pals into a Law, will not only tend to the great . Damage of the Petitioners, but also to great Numbers of Inhabitants of adjacent Counties: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass until they have offered their Reasons against the fame.

Order&l, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Ministers, Church-wardens, and Duty o* Overseers of the Poor, of several Parishes in the Borough Coals, of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty of 5$. per Chaldron, laid upon Coals, doth occasion their Poor, who are very numerous, to undergo such Hardships for want of Fire, that may prove of dangerous Consequence; being sensible of the Inequality of the said Duty..... (w ho uled to be excepted from Taxes): That, since the War, the Number of their Poor is lb increased, by the Widows of Seamen, and their Children, that they mu ft perish for want of Fuel, if not relieved by the House; the several Parishes not being able to maintain them: And praying. That they may be heard to prove the Truth of the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do he upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of 45. in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Mr. Lounes, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to encourage the bringing in of milled, broad, or undipped, Monies, to be exchanged, by Commissioners in the several Parts of this Realm, with the common People, for their clipped Monies; and for the encouraging Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coined.*

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading into the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, divers Ships are now fitted out for the East Indies, by Persons nc-way concerned in the English joint Stock; but, as 'tis believed, by those that have subscribed to the Scotch Company, Application having been made to the Directors of that Company, residing in London, for Permission to trade into the East Indies under the Privileges of that Company: And praying the Preservation of the East India Trade to this Nation; and the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee appointed to examine what Methods were taken for obtaining the Act of Parliament passed in Scotland, for the establishing an East India Company; and who were the Subscribers thereunto; and who were the Promoters and Advisers thereof; be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-, Encounwtnj night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Seamen.° to consider further of the Bill, for the Incirease and Encouragement of Seamen.

Resolved, That this House will proceed to a new Elec- Commis-tion of Commissioners for taking and stating the publick sioners of Accounts. Accounts.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- State of the solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Nation, consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granvill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granvill reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr.

Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to l ord enable the Lord Francis Pawlet to charge his Eli ate with Pawlet'* Provisions for his younger Children: To which they de-fire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Supply Bill; enlarging the Times for Persons to come in and purehale Annuities, certain Annuities, therein mentioned; and for continuing the Duties on low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Extrac-) 6 tion j

1

IT:

It

I-

P,»

Liu

Pri

Lw

(Ut

mtI

Uri

r

'‘'ffiUiit

Coin.

Acci

Wl

ar*«:t

Nsii

Warners

Inflate.

IV,-

Coio,

i'Tji; "M.yi

,ilt el a

Garbling

Slices.

7 W. IIL

20° — a i0

399

tion; for carrying on the War against France; without any Amendments. Alio,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

lord

Powlett'a

Mate.

Praflifers of Law to take Oaths.

Martis, 21* die Januarii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to loll Part of the Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for preserving the relt for tljc Benefit of his Heir; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Henry Johnson, Sir Ha. Mr.

Mr. Alolesworth, Mr. Travers, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Davall,

Mr. Fluid, Mr. Moyle, Sir Robert Mr.

void, Sir John Bodes, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Robert Colton, Mr.

Air. lledger, Mr. Campion, Sir Geo. Markham, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Johnson, Sir Math. Andreas; and all the Members that serve for the County of And they

are to meet this Afternoon at live a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord Francis Pto charge his Estate with Provisions for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Rowland Gicyn, according to Order, presented to

Rowland Gxcyn, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Brom-

ley, Mr. Morris, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Gardner', Mr. lon, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Mr.

England, Sir Gerv.Elwcs, Sir Win. Drake, Mr.

Sir Ra.Dutton, Mr. White, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Lamp-ton, Mr. Chase, Mr. Guy: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And are empowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Salters, Grocers, Druggists, and Garbling other Traders, in the City of London, was presented to Sp*ce*‘ the House, and read; letting forth, That in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, an Act was made for the well Garbling of Spices, which suited that Time; but now, by the great Increase and Alteration of Trade, and by some doubtful Expression in the said Act the same is become useless, and lerves only the Garbler: who executes that Office with great Rigour and Injustice;

And praying Relief, and the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the West-India Merchants is referred: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Merchants in London, trading in Ditto. Spices, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in the Reign of King James the First, the East India Company did import into England all manner of Spices, in their Soil and Dult; for which Reason, an Act was then made for the well Garbling of Spices; but since the making thereof, the Spice-Trade from India is fallen into the Hands of the Dutch; so that there are no Spices now imported into England, exce pt Pepper, but what comes from Holland ready cleaned, so that they need no Garbling here; yet the Garbler demands a high and unnecessary Duty for Garblage of all Spices, which is very

the House a Bill for requiring the Praftiiers of the Law burthensome to the Subject: And praying the Considera-

to take the Oaths to his ALi jesty.

The Bill w'as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Monday Alorning next, at Eleven a Clock.

A Petition of the West India Merchants was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was made, in the First Year of King James the First, for the

tion of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be refei red to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the West-India Merchants is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Alavor, Justices of the Peace, Co- Wye and roner, and Grand Jury, for the Body of the City of Here- ^u88

well Garbling of Spices: That the Execution of the said ford, at the General Quarter-Session of the Peace, held " ‘ - T' L 1 the 16th Day of January 1695, w-as presented to the

House. and read; setting forth, That the Rivers of Wye and Lugg pass, for many Days Journey, through several Counties, and by many trading Towns, with a constant Stream, fit for Navigation; but that the same is obstructed by some unlawful Weirs thereon erected, that destroy the Fish, formerly the plentiful Food of the Country; to their great Damage: That the Navigation of those Rivers will, as they conceive, be of universal Benefit, not only to the adjacent Counties, but to the Nation in general; and will be a lafge Nursery of Seamen: And praying, That the House will remove all unlawful Obstructions, which hinder the Navigation of the said Rivers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making

Navigation,'

Act is lett to Farm, at a certain Rent, by the Lord Alayor and Aldermen of London, to Air. Steward; who

takes Advantage of feme doubtful Words in the said Act, and pretends to garble not only the Commodities named in the said Act hut all others, according to his own Pleasure; and now garbles Ginger exported, at 20 Ton, and amounts to SI. per Cent, which never uled to be garbled: That Mr. Stewart, every Day, enlarges his Pretensions, at what Rates hepleufes; there being no Provision in the said Act to prevent these heavy Inconveniencies, which may quite ruin the Spice-Trade; and if any Perfoti disputes the Garbler's Power, he puts them into the Exchequer, where it costs at least 7/. 1 o$. to get out again; lb that many pay bisDemands in their own Wrong, rather than l'pend a greater Sum in the Exchequer: And

praying the House to consider of the said Act, and give the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Her ford, Encouragement to the said Trade, it being now a Hundred navigable, is committed, times greater than when the said Act was made, which cannot be adapted to the present Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Davers, Sir Sam. Bar-vardiston, Sir IT illiam Ashurst, Mr. Moore, Sir Robert

Ordered, That every private Bill have a Day appointed Private for Reading thereof, before the same be read. Bills.

A Petition of Sir Rickard Stevens was presented to the Allowing Sir House, and read; setting foilh, That, in Hilary Term R' sj*Ph*n,» 1691, the Petitioner was removed from his Place, as one of the Judges of the King's Bench in Ireland, for not

Colton, Mr. Yates, Mr. Norris, Mr. Whitacre, Mr. Law- taking the Oaths at according to an Act

ther, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Bolles, Sir made in the 3d Year of King William and Queen Mary: Vol.XL That

Dr. Iiascard to preach on 30th Jan.

Supply Bill; LanJ Tax.

Duties on Coals, &c.

Bringing Piute to be coined.

Scotch

East India Company.

400 21 Januarii. A. 1695.

That the Petitiofier did take the Oaths to their Majesties when he was made a Judge, and since; and was always and is ready to take the fame; but, at the Time when the said Act required the Oaths to be taken, the Petitioner was dangerously Tick, and could not repair to Westminster without Danger of his Life: And praying the House to consider his Cafe; and that he may be relieved by a Clause to the now Bill before this House, for altering Part of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the said Sir Richard Stevens' Relief.

Ordered, #

Ordered, That Doctor Hascard, Dean of Windsor, be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's Westminster, upon the 30th of January instant: And that Air. Backwell do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France, is committed, That they do receive Clauses, to transfer thereunto the Loans unpaid upon the Act, passed the lal't Session of the last Parliament, for purchasing reversionary Annuities; and upon the Act for laying certain Duties upon Glals Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against and the

Loans since the Fifth Day of October last, upon the Exchequer in general, for the Navy and Army.

A Petition of the Mayor and Jurats of the Town and Port of Dover, in behalf of themselves, Commonalty, Mariners, and other Inhabitants, of the said Port, was presented to the House, relating to the Duty laid upon Coals, by the Act, passed the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals and Culm, for carrying on the War against France.

And the Quel'tion being put, That the said Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill to encourage the bringing in of milled, broad, or undipped, Monies, to be exchanged, by Commissioners, in the several Parts of this Realm, with the common People, for their clipped Monies; and for the Encouraging of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coined; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee of the whole House, That they do consider of the Price of Guineas;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. {J£; } 87.

Tellers for the Noes, } uo.

So it passed in the Negative.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee appointed to examine what Methods were taken for obtaining the Act of Parliament palfed in Scotland, for the Establishing an Company; and who were the Subscribers thereunto; and who were the Promoters and Advilers thereof; the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, upon the Examination of several Persons before them; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; with several Papers relating the reunto; and a Copy of an Oath, DeJideli, taken by the Directors of the said Company; and of the Journal of the Proceedings of the said Directors: And the said Report, Oath....

That Mr. Mackenzy, Secretary to the Scotch East-

India Company, appearing before the Committee, was examined, touching the ScotchEast-India Company: Who

laid, That the projecting the Act for that Company was in Scotland: That there had been formerly an Act pror cured by the Merchants there, for the Encouragement of Trade; which was an Inducement to this Act, they being very desirous to get some Trade amongst them:

That he knows not what Methods were used in procuring this Act; but has heard, That the Fees, in passing the fame, did amount to about a 150/.; nor was he concerned in this Affair until the Act was passed:

That he keeps none of the Accounts; but only takes the Minutes, as Secretary: That no Accountant was agreed on as yet: That he came to be Secretary about the Latter-end of August last; but never wrote to Ireland, or any other Country but Scotland-, and that, but twice or thrice: But believes Mr. Blackwood has written thither oftener than any one:

That a Committee, which began since November last, met about once a Week, to settle the Subscriptions: For the taking of which Subscriptions, a Book was prepared; and the said Book was delivered to the Lord before the Sitting of this Parliament:

But, being asked, another Day, Where the said Book was ? he said, He believed Mr. Llackwi had it delivered to him about the Sixth of December, and had carried it into Scotland-, for that they all agreed he should have it: However, he delivered in to the Committee a Copy of the said Book of Subscriptions: The last Day of Subscriptions was about the 14th or 15th of November.

That at their Meetings there uled to appear Mr. Merry, AbrahaniWilmcr, and others: That the Subscription-Money was paid to the Persons named in the Act; viz. Mr. James Fowlis, Mr. C Mr. Patterson, and others; or any Two of them:

That an Oath, or Declaration, Defulcli administrathme, was taken by the Directors of the Company (a) [which was given by the Lord Belhaveii]: A Copy of which Oath was delivered in to the Committee.

Air. Patterson, being examined, said. That, about the Beginning of May, Mr. Chicsly did acquaint him, That there was great Encouragement given for an East India Company in Scotland; upon which, he gave Mr. Chicsly a Scheme for erecting the fame; but That was not entirely followed: And that Mr. Cootcs, and Mr. Chicsly carried the Scheme into Scotland:

That he proposed to be at 501. Charge, and 8 or 9 other Persons agreed to advance 25/. apiece, to carry it on: That the Subscribers were 200; and the Sum intended, being 300,0001, was subscribed: And that he was to have 2 per Cent. Stock, and 3 per Cent, of the Profits for the Space of 21 Years, for his great Service; which he hath since, out of his mere Generofily, released; but has still such Security as will oblige the Subscribers to be kind to him: That he did not solicit for this Act, nor knows any thing of the Methods of its Puffing; but has heard Mr. Chicsly and Mr. Blackwood lay, They had solicited for such an Act formerly: And said, He was induced to be concerned in this Matter, bccaulc there was no Encouragement for this Trade here:

That the Books of Subscriptions, and other Papers were delivered to the Lord Belhaven, Mr. Blaclrwood, and Air. Belfore, in order to take the Scotch Subscriptions: That as to the 75,000l. being the 4th Part of the Subscriptions, which was to be paid down, he did hear Air. Bateman name the Exchequer, to lodge it in; and Air. Bateman said, Mr. Burton would take it:

That, at the Committee for thel'e Subscriptions, there came some that were Friends to the Bank of England, some for the Orphans Bank and some for the Gold-smiths; who made several Propositions for their Friends, or Parties:

That it was resolved a Ship or Ships should be font from Scotland-, and that there was a Ship at Scotland then provided, of 3 or 400 Tons Burden; but he knows

nothing

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

by <^.

7W. III. 21° Januarii. 401

nothing how the said Ship was to be convoyed, nor where the Cargo was to be bought:

Knows of no Persons whose Names were in Trust, except Mr. Paterson his Name-fake; who was in Trust for him: That Mr. Fowlis had the Custody of the Notes for Money; and some of the Money was paid to Sir Stephen Evans and Mr Sheppard:

And said, That he did not reckon himself obliged, by the Oath De fdeli administratione, to conceal any thing

from the Committee.

Mr. Bateman owned, That he had liibscribed 2,0001, to the said Company; and that he was one of the Directors, till he heard the Parliament had taken it into Examination; and then he resolved to act no longer: That he had given his Note for the Fourth Part of his Subscription, payable to Mr. Fowlis; and that he had not taken up his Note, nor transferred (a) [his Right]: That he had been presentat several Debates about lending out Ships; but it was not thought convenient to fend any one till the Subscriptions were taken in Scotland; and that no Order was made for lending out any Ships: Yet it appears by the Minute book, That Mr. Bateman was present at a Committee, wherein it was resolved to send out a Ship from Scotland to the East Indies: That he designed the Fourth Part of the Subscriptions paid in should have been lodged in the Exchequer.

And, being asked several other Questions, gave contra-distory Answers, to the Dissatisfaction of the Committee.

Mr. Glover being examined, confessed, That he had subscribed to the Scotch East India Company -, and upon this Reason, That he thought it better that an Englishmen should have the Benefit of it than a Foreigner: That he subscribed 2,000l.; and his Share, to be paid down, was 500l.; for which he gave a Note, payable to Mr.

But said, He never advised upon the Scheme; nor did know of any thing given for the obtaining the Act: And begged the Committee's Pardon, if he had done any thing that was amils.

Mr. Lancashire, being examined, said. That he was a Member of the English East-Indi Company, and of the Scotch East India Company; and subscribed 3,000l. to the Scotch; and rave a Note for one Fourth Part to Mr.

Foulis and Mr. Chiesly, dated 8 November:

That it was proposed tof send out a Ship, as an Interloper; but he refilled to consent to it, saying, It was against his Oath to the English East India Company: And further, That, if the Ship was loft, the Scotls might refuse to bear their Parts:

That he conceived the 75,000l. was to have been lodged in the Bank of England; but Mr. Bateman proposed no Place: That he took it. That Mr. Patterson was to have the best Part of the Premium of Two per Cent. Stock, and Three per Cent. Profit; and he thought the Premium too much: But he was told, That, if he did not subscribe quickly, the Bank of England would come in and subscribe.

Mr. Docminique said, He had subscribed to the Scotch

East India Company; and was a Director, and did subscribe the Declaration: But he knows nothing how the Act w'as procured; nor what the Meaning of the Two per Cent, was: But was told. That if he did not subscribe, there were others that would: U pon which he did subscribe; and was told the Two and Three per Cent, should be discharged:

That the Resolution of the Committee was, That no Ships for the present should be sent; but, when that Resolution was reported, it was disagreed to: That he believes the 75,000l. was to have been paid into the Bank of England.

Mr. Wilmore believes he did subscribe the Oath Defi-

deli administratione: But knows nothing of procuring the Act: That he believes the 2 and 3 per Cent, was for Mr. Patterson: And that the 75,000 /. was to be lodged in the Bank of England.

And that the Committee had sent a Summons for the Lord Belhacen; but the Messenger was informed, at my

Lord's House, That his Lordship was gone into Scotland. Vol. XI.

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

WE, whole Names are hereunto subscribed, do severally, Srotch Ball in the Presence of Almighty God, and this Company, Indu Co®* declare and promise, That, during our being jointly, or pan*' severally concerned in the Company of Scotland trading to Africa and the Indies, we shall not disclose any thing that, from time to time, shall, by the President of the Court, be given us in Charge to be kept secret; but shall, in our respective Stations, endeavour, to the utmost of our Power, to promote the Profit and Interest of the said Company.

This is a true Copy of the Declaration De Jideli.

Rod. Mackenzie.

London, the 29th Day of August 1695.

At a Meeting of the Gentlemen concerned in the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

Present,

William Patterson, Thomas Coutts,

Janies Foulis, Hugh Fraser,

David Naime, Walter Stewart,

James Cheislie.

Resolved, That all Persons who are desirous to be incorporated into this Company, do give their Names, together with the respective Sums for which they are willing to subscribe, in Writing, to Roderick Mackenzie; who is to keep a fair Lift thereof.

Resolved, That the said Roderick Mackenzie do not discover the said Names, or Sums, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without special Direction of at least the Majority of the Members now assembled.

Resolved, That a Sum be raised for defraying all necessary Charges, till the Constitutions of the Company be settled.

Agreed, That the Sum to be raised, at present, be 25 /. each Membdr.

Agreed, That the said Sums be paid Mr. Foulis for which he is to give Receipts respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. James Foulis pay 20/. to Roderick Mackenzie for disbursing little petty Expences; of which he is to keep a particular Account.

Adjourned to Thursday the 12th of September, Three a Clock.

Adjourned further to the 26th of September, Three a Clock.

London, the 26 of September 1695.

At a Meeting of the Gentlemen concerned in the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

Present,

William Patterson, Thomas Coutts,

James Foulis, Jos. Cohen

David Naime, Walter Stewart,

James Smith,

Whereas, upon Information, it appears, That Ibme Enemies to this Company do indultriously spread abroad Surmises, as if some of the Persons concerned in this Company did openly speak reproachfully and contemptibly of the Power of the Government and People of England, in relation to this Company;

Ordered, That the Members of this Company do, upon all Occasions, speak with due Respect of the Power of the Government and People of England; and that they endeavour, with all imaginable Candour, to obviate and satisfy the Objections of any Person or Persons, without Heat or Reflection.

Ordered, That Roderick Mackenzie do signify the Contents of this Resolution to the absent Members.

Adjourned to Tuesday the 15th of October, Three a Clock.

Adjourned further to the 2 2d Instant

London, the 2 2d Day of October 1695.

At a Meeting of the Gentlemen concerned in the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

5 K Present.

Scotch East India Company,

210 Janua

A \ 1695,

William P

James Foulis,

David Nair

James Cheis

Tho. Colitis.

Present,

Hugh Fras,

James Smit

Jos. Cohen D'Azevedo, Walter Ste

Memorandum, That all the Persons here present have severally engaged their Words, each to other, That all Discourses and Transactions passed here, relating to the Company, shall be inviolably kept secret from all other Persons whatsoever.

Resolved, That all Matters, relating to this Company, be so concerted, as to begin to take Subscriptions, and receive one Quarter-Part of the respective Sums subscribed for, on the 6th Day of November next ensuing.

Resolved, That the joint Stock, or capital Fund, of this Company, do consist of Six hundred thoul'and Pounds Sterling.

Adjourned to Thursday the 24th Instant, Three a Clock in the Afternoon.

London, the 24th of October 1695.

At a Meeting of the Gentlemen concerned in the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

Present,

William Patterson, James Foulis,

David Nairne, Hugh Fraser,

James Cheislie, , Jos. Cohen

Jama Smith, Walter Stewart,

Tho. Coutts.

Resolved, That the Government of the said Company shall be in a Court of Directors, confiding of the Persons named in the Act of Parliament, and Thirty other Proprietors of the respective Sums of One thousand Pounds, or more, in the joint Stock of the said Company; and' who shall also be deputed, in Writing, by other Proprietors of Sums amounting to 20,000l. including fuel) JTi-rectors own Share.

Ordered, ThatMr. Machenziedo make a fair Alphabet of all the Names of such Persons as have given Notes, desiring to be concerned in the said Company, together with their respective Sums.

Adjourned till the 29th Instant, Three a Clock.

At a Meeting of the Gentlemen concerned in the Company of Scotland trading to Af rica, and the India.

London, 29th October 1695.

Present,

William Patterson, Thomas Coutts,

James Foulis, Hugh Fraser,

David Nairne, Jos. Cohen D'Azevedo,

James Cheislie, JFalter Stewart,

Jama Smith,

Upon reading over the Lift, and finding the Sums desired amounting to a greater Sum than the capital Stock agreed on;

Ordered, That Mr. Mackenzie do make another Column against all the Names contained in the said Lift; and that, upon a further Examination of the Lift, the Sums allotted to each Pretender be written in the other Column.

Adjourned to the 2d of November, Nine a Clock.

London, the 2d of November 1695.

At a Meeting of the Gentlemen concerned in the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the India.

Present,

William Patterson, Thomas Coutts,

Jama Foulis, Hugh Fraser,

David Nairne, Joe. Cohen D'Azevedo,

James Cheislie, Walter Stewart,

Jama Smith.

Agreed, That all Subscribers be obliged to pay One Quarter-Part of the Sums subscribed for, at the Time of Subscription.

Ordered, That the Preamble agreed upon be ingrossed fair in a Book fit for Subscriptions.

Resolved, To meet henceforth, de die diem, at Mr. Carpenter's in Clement's-Lane.

Agreed, That the Subscription-money be paid unto Mr. Patterson and Mr. Foulis, at Sir Stephen Evans' House; or where else it may be thought convenient.

London, the 9th Day of November 1695.

At a Meeting of the Company of Scotlaml trading to Africa and the Indies.

Present,

John Lord Beilhaven, James Cheislie,

Robert Blackzcood, Thomas Coutts,

James Balfour, James Smith,

William Paterson, Jos. D'Azevedo,

James Foulis, Hugh Fraser,

David Nairtie, Walter Stewart.

The Lord Beilhaven Chairman.

Resolved, That it is hereby declared, and understood, That. Mr. James Smith, Merchant in London, now' present, is and was the Person understood by the Name of John Smith in the said Act of Parliament: And likewise, That Mr. Joseph Cohen D'Azevedo, also of London, Merchant, is and was the Person understood therein by the N a me of Joseph CohaineDaves; and tliai i hereafter

be deemed and taken for the same Persons, as if their re-lpeftive Names bad been rightly and properly exprelied in the said Act of Parliament.

Agreed, That Roderick Mackenzie do officiate as Secretary at present.

Upon feme Objections, offered against the Greatness of the capital Fund designed; and the Company being fully satisfied with the Reasons and Anthers given for the fame;

Resolved, That Mr. Paterson do draw the Reasons now mentioned, for having the Stock to consist of 600,000l. in Writing; and that the same be transmitted to Scotland.

Resolved, That the Journals of this Company be copied, and transmitted in like manner.

Agreed, That the Majority of the Persons now' present shall, at all times hereafter, be a Quorum; and may aft in all Affairs relating to this Company, to all Intents and Purposes as if all were present; providing, that absent Members have previous Notice of the several Times of Meeting, and Adjournments, of this Company.

Upon reading over, and examining, all the Journals of the Nine Gentlemen at London, named in the said Act of Parliament, preceding this Day; all of them are hereby declared, and confirmed, to be the Sense of the Company now present, excepting the Resolution of the 24 of October last, concerning the Court of Directors; which is to be further considered of.

Adjourned to Monday the 1 lth Instant, Six a Clock at Night, at Mr. Carpenter's House, in Clement's-lane. Lombard-street.

At a Meeting of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

London, the 1 lth Day of November 1695.

Present,

Lord Beilhaven, James Cheislie,

Robert Blackwood, James Smith,

James Balfour, Tho. Coutts,

William Paterson, Hugh Fraser,

James Foulis, Jos. Cohen D'Azevedo, -

David Nairne, Walter Stewart.

Upon reading over the Minutes of the last Meeting, the same were approved of, and confirmed.

Several Debates anting, concerning the Management, and Constitutions, of the Company, the same are adjourned to Wednesday Night, Six a Clock, at the same House; and to a further Adjournment, in order to conclude all Matters now under Consideration, on Thursday next, Six a ' Clock, at Mr. Carpenter's House, in Clement's-lane.

London, the 14th of November 1695. At a Meeting of the Company, fyc.

Present,

7 W, III.

ii

Present,

James Smith, Hugh Fntsdr, Jos. D'Azteedo, 1 Valter Stewart,

Lord Bdlhaven,

Robei't Blackwood,

James Baljour,

IVm. Paterson,

James Foul is.

Upon a Motion suggested, That some of the Persons, living in Scotland, stamed in the A&, of Parliament, might possibly, frdm a Sense of Self-denial, or Mo-defty, §c. decline being (a) [continued] Drre&ors of the said Company, pursuant to the Preamble of Subscriptions;

Resolved, That, notwithstanding such Preamble, it shall be an Article in the Inl'tmftions to be sent to Scotland, or in the particular Constitutions of the Company, That the Subscribers in Scotland may, for once only, before the lft of September next, appoint an equal Number in Scotland, in the respective Places Of those living the re, named in the said Act: of Parliament.

Adjourned to the 15th Instant (7>) [Five a Clock], eodem loco.

London, the 15th of November 169^.

At a Meeting of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

Lord Beilhaven, Robert Blackwood, James Baljour, Wm. Paterson, James Foulis, James Cheislie.

Prelent,

James Smith,

Thomas Coutts,

Hugh Fraser,

Jos. Cohen IT A z credo, Walter Sten'art,

403

Mr. IVillUtmSheppard, producing Deputations in like Scotch

manner, took all'o 'his Place at ‘the Board, as a Director In -of thelhid ‘Cottipatiy. '

Adjotffricd to Wednesday the 20 th Nov. Instant, Six a Ciock.

London, the 20th Day of Nov. 1G95.

At a Meeting of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

Robert Blackzcood, James Baljour, William Paterson, James Foulis, David Nairne, Janies Smith,

Present,

James Cheislie, Hugh Fraser, Walter Stewart, Tho. Coutts,

Robert Lancashire, William Sheppard.

There having been several Objections made, by the Persons deputed from Scotland, against the Preamble to the Subscriptions in England; and having fully difeourfed Mr. Paterson thereupon;

Agreed, That Mr. Paterson hath fully answered and fat Piled the said Persons.

Ordered, That the said Preamble be read over at the next Meeting, on Monday next, in order to be confirmed. Adjourned to Monday the 18 Instant, Nine a Clock.

At a Meeting of the said Company.

London, the 18th of Nov. 1695.

Present,

Lord Beilhaven, James Foulis,

Robert Blackwood, James Cheislie,

James Baljour, James Smith,

Wm. Paterson, Walter Stewart,

David Nairne.

According to Order of the last Meeting, the Preamble to Subscriptions being read over;

Agreed, Nemine coni radical te, That the said Preamble is hereby confirmed.

Adjourned to Five a Clock this Evening.

London, the 18th Day of Novem. 1695.

At a Meeting of the Com pan v of Scotland trading to

O # / O

Africa, and the Indies.

Present,

Lord Beilhaven, James Cheislie,

Robert Blackwood, Hugh Fraser,

James Balfour, Jos. Cohen D'Azcvcdo,

Wm. Paterson, James Smith,

James Foulis, Tho. Coutts,

David Nairne, Walter Stewart.

Upon reading over the Minutes of the last Meeting; Agreed, That the same are hereby confirmed.

Pursuant to the Preamble of the Book of Subscriptions, Colonel Robert Lancashire producing Deputations, in Writing, from Proprietors in the joint Stock of this Company, amounting to 20,0001, he took his Place at the Board, as a Director of the said Company, accordingly.

Mr. Paterson chosen Chairman.

Upon reading over the Minutes of the last Meeting;

Agreed, That the laing are hereby confirmed.

Pursuant to the Preamble of the Book of Subscriptions, Mr. James Bateman producing Deputations in Writing, from Proprietors in the joint Stock of tins Company, amounting to 20,000 /. he took his Place at the Board, as a Director of the said Company, accordingly.

Mr. Robert Williamson, producing Deputations in like manner, took also his Place at the Board, as a Director of the said Company.

Mr. Thomas Skinner, producing Deputations in like manner, took also his Place at the Board, as a Director of the said Company.

Mr. Abraham iVilmer, producing Deputations in like manner, took also his Place at the Board, as a Director of the said Company.

Ordered, That an Entry be made in a particular Book, for that Purpose, of all the Deputations given by the several Proprietors of the joint Stock of this Company, to the respective Directors appointed by them; and that the original Deputations be preserved apart.

Ordered, That no Person be admitted to peruse the Books or Lists of this Company, other than such as are Directors.

Ordered, That no Copy or Lift be given out, to any Person whatsoever, of the Subscribers Names, without special Direction from the Board.

Resolved, That a Committee of Treasury be appointed, to examine all the Notes of the several Subscribers in this Company; and to issue out such of them as they think fit, in order to have the Money called in.

Resolved, That the said Committee conlift of the le-vcral Persons after-named; whereof any Four shall be a Quorum; viz.

William Paterson, James Bateman, James Foulis, Robert. Lancashire, James Cheislie, Abr. Wilmer, Wm. Sheppard.

Ordered, That the said Committee take care to give Directions for providing all manner of necessary Books for the Use of this Company.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet on Friday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Adjourned to Friday the 22dof November Instant, Six a Clock at Night, precisely.

London, the 22d of November 1695.

At a Court of Directors of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

0

Present,

Robert Blackwood, Thomas Coutts,

James Baljour, Hugh Fraser,

William Paterson, IVliter

James Foulis, Robert Lancashire,

David Nairne, Wm. Sheppard,

James Cheislie, Robert liilltabison,

James Smith, Abr,

Mr. Paterson Chairman.

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

(b) Ibid.

Vol. XI.

Upon

Scotch East India Company.

404

21* Januarii.

A. 1695.

Upon reading over the Minutes of the last Court;

Agreed, That the same are hereby confirmed.

Pursuant to the Preamble of the Book of Subscriptions, Paul Dockminique Esquire, producing Deputations, in

Writing, fr*m Proprietors in the Joint Stock of this Company, amounting to 20,0001, took his Place at the Board, as a Director of the said Company, accordingly.

Mr. Robert Douglas, producing Deputations in like manner, took also his Place at the Board, as a Director of the said Company.

Ordered, That all such (a) [Persons] as have subscribed any Sum or Sums in this Company, and who desire to withdraw the respective Notes, which they have given, in Payment of the First Fourth Part of such their Subscriptions, be obliged to execute irrevocable Letters of Attorney to Roderick Mackenziefor transferring the several Sums subscribed by them, as aforesaid, to Mr. James Foulis.

Ordered, That the Notes of such Subscribers as do execute such Letters of Attorney, in manner aforesaid, be re-delivered to them by Mr. Foulis.

The Book of Subscriptions being examined; and finding that the complete Sum of 300,0001, is subscribed therein;

Ordered, That the said Book be closed.

Which was done accordingly.

Pursuant to an Order of Court of the 20th November Instant, the Committee of Treasury, therein named, met this Day in the Forenoon; and a Report being made of

Present,

Walter

Robert Lancashire, William Sheppard, James Bateman, Robert Williamson, Abr. Wilmer,

Paul Docminique, Robert Douglas,

Anth. M

Daniel Van

Lord Beilhaven,

Robert Blackwood,

James Balfour,

William Patterson,

James Foulis,

David Naime,

James Cheislie,

James Smith,

Thomas Coutts,

Joseph Cohen

Lord Beilhaven Chairman.

The Minutes of the last Court being read over; Agreed, That the same are hereby confirmed.

A Report being made, from the Committee of Treasury, of their further Proceedings of the 26th of Novem. Inltant, in all Matters to them committed; the same were approved of by the Court, and ordered to be entered in the Committee-Book.

Ordered, That the said Committee do, from time to time, report to this Court such further Steps as they shall make in the Matters to them committed.

Upon a Motion made. That all the Directors, Officers, and Servants, of this Company, should take an Oath De fdeli administratione, enjoined by the Act of Parliament;

And a Form thereof being offered to the Court; Ordered, That the said Form do lie upon the Table, their Proceedings at that time, the same were approved of, to be considered of, till next Meeting, and confirmed, by this Court. Upon a Motion made, of fending some Ship or Ships

Ordered, That the Proceedings of That, and all other with all Expedition to the East Indies, to secure a Committees of this Court, be entered in a distinct Book, Settlement for this Company;

to be kept for that Purpose. Ordered, That the said Motion be taken into Con-

Adjourned to Monday next, the 25th of November In- sideration on Friday next.

Upon a Proposal made, for improving such Part of the joint Stock of this Company, as shall not be applied to the immediate Service thereof, by lending such Sum or Sums, at considerable Interest, and upon unqueltionable Security for Repayment of any Sum or Sums, lb lent, in Two Days time after Notice given;

Ordered, That the said Proposal be taken into Consideration on Monday next.

Adjourned to Friday 29th November Instant, Three a Clock in the Afternoon.

stant, Six a Clock at Night.

London, the 25th of November 169.5.

Lord Beilhaven, William Paterson, James Fou lis,

David Naime, James Smith

Robert Douglas, Robert Lancashire, Wm. Sheppard,

By a Court of Directors of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

Present,

Thomas Coutts,

Hugh Fraser,

Walter Stewart,

Tho. Skinner,

Robert Blackwood,

James Balfour,

Abr. Wilmer,

Paul Docminique.

Lord Beilhaven Chairman.

The Minutes of the last Court being read over;

Agreed, That the same are hereby confirmed.

Pursuant to the Preamble of the Book of Subscriptions, Mr. Anthony Merry, producing Deputations, in Writing, from Proprietors of the joint Stock of this Company, for Sums amounting to 20,0001, took his Place at the Board, as a Director of the said Company, accordingly.

Mr. Daniel Van Mildert, producing Deputations in like manner, took also his Place at the Board, as a Director of tile said Company.

Pursuant to an Order of the Court, the 20th of November Instant, it is hereby further

Ordered, That the Committee of Treasury, therein named, do meet as often as they shall see Cause; and call in such further Payments of the Subscriptions as they shall think fit; to be lodged in the Hands of Sir Stephen Evans and Mr. Sheppard.

Ordered, That Mr. Docminique, Mr. Douglas, and Mr. Stewart, do inquire, and inform themselves, concerning a fit and convenient Place for the Company to meet in; and report their Opinion accordingly at the next Court.

Adjourned to Wednesday the 27th of November Instant,

Four a Clock.

London, the 29th of Novem. 1695.

At a Court of Directors of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

Prelent,

Lord Beilhaven,

Wm. Paterson,

David Naime,

Janus Smith,

James Cheislie,

Robert Lancashire,

Wm.Sheppard,

Robert Blackwood,

James Balfour,

James Foulis

Lord Beilhaven Chairman.

Tho. Coutts,

Abr. Wit liner,

Dan. Van Mildert, Robert Williamson, Ant. Merry,

Paul Docminique, Robert Douglas, Tho. Skinner, Hugh Fraser.

London, the 27th of November 1695.

At a Court of Directors of the Company of Scotland trading to Aftica, and the Indies.

(a) " Member*," in the Journal:

The Minutes of the last Court being read over;

Agreed, That the same are hereby confirmed.

Pursuant to an Order of the last Court, the Form of an Oath De fdeli, or Declaration, therein mentioned, was taken into Consideration, and approved of, by the Court.

Ordered, That all Directors of this Company do sign the said Declaration, or Oath, De fdeli.

Which was done accordingly by all the Directors then present.

Ordered, That another Form of an Oath be prepared, and agreed upon, to be taken by all the Officers and Servants of this Company.

Ordered, That the Committee of Treasury, formerly

appointed, Corrected from the original Report.

7 W. III. 2i° Januarii. 405

appointed, and such others of this Court as please to join with them, do prepare and report such Rules, as they shall think fit to be observed by this Court.

Pursuant to an Order of the last Court, for taking into Consideration the Motion, concerning the fending of a Ship, or Ships, with Expedition, to the East Indies.

Ordered, That the Consideration thereof be referred to a Committee of Trade, consisting of the Nine Persons after-named; viz. Paul Docminiqwe, Anthony ry, Robert Douglas, Janies Bateman, Janies Thomas Skinner, Abra. W'dmer, William Paterson, Robert

Lancashire; whereof any Five to be a Quorum.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet on Monday next, at Four a Clock; and that such others of this Court as have a mind, may be present, but have no Votes; and that they adjourn themselves from time to time, as they shall see Cause; and report their Proceedings to this Court, accordingly.

Pursuant to an Order of the last Court, for taking into Consideration the Proposal made, for improving such Part of the joint Stock of this Company, as shall not be applied to the immediate Service thereof, by lending the fame, at considerable Interest, and upon unquestionable Security for Repayment of any Sum, so lent, in Two Days time after Notice given;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Proposal be also referred to the said Committee of Trade; who are to report their Opinion therein to this Court.

Mr. Paterson having declared, That it was not any Doubt of the Justice and Generosity of this Company, nor of his own Ulefulness therein, but the Ingratitude he hath met with from others; together with his own and other Mens Expence, of near Ten thousand Pounds; besides Ten Years Pains and Travel, Six whereof were wholly spent in promoting the Design of this Company; which had induced him to insist upon the Two per Cent. in Hand, and Three per Cent, of the Profits of the Fund of this Company, for One-and-twenty Years, in the Preamble of Subscriptions: But now, having the Satisfaction of seeing himself veiled with a legal and indisputable Right thereto; and this Court being filled with so many excellent Persons, in whole Justice and Gratitude he hath entire Confidence; he resolves to take hold of so glorious an Opportunity, of shewing the Generosity (a) [and Integrity] of his Heart: Wherefore, he freely and fully re-nounceth and resigneththe Tw o per Cent, and Three per Cent, mentioned in the said Preamble of Subscription, back again to the Company, from whom he had so brave and noble a Concession: And, as it is no small Satisfaction to him, to have such Honour and Respect, from so worthy and reputable a Company; so it is infinitely more, to find this Opportunity of making something of a suitable Return: Pursuant to which, he hath executed an Act and Deed, under his Hand and Seal, of the Date hereof.

Upon which, it was agreed, contradicente,

That Mr. Paterson have the Thanks of this Court, for such his generous Declaration and Surrender:

Which was done accordingly.

Adjourned to Wednesday, the 4th Day of December next, Three a Clock post Meridian.

London, the 4th Day of December, 1695.

At a Court of Directors of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

Present,

Lord Beilhaven,

Wm. Paterson,

Robert Douglas,

Anth. Merry,

Robert Lancashire,

Tho. Skinner,

Wm. Sheppard,

James Cheisly,

(a) Supplied from

Vol XI.

Roba't Williamson, Robert Blackwood, James Smith,

Dan. Van.

Jos. Cohen D'Azevedo,

Abr. Wilmer,

James Balfour,

David Nairne,

the Original Report.

James Bateman, Hugh Fraser,

James FouUs, Thomas Coutts.

Lord Beilhaven Chairman.

Scotch East India Company.

The Minutes of the last Court were read, and confirmed.

Pursuant to an Order of Court, of the 39th of vembei' last, the Committee of Trade, therein appointed, having reported their Proceedings in the Matters to them committed;

And the same being re-debated at this Court;

Resolved, That one or more Ship or Ships be fitted out for the East- Indies, from Scotland, with all convenient Speed; and that, the Consideration of the Measures to be pursued, in order to this Resolution, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of Trade.

Re/o/ved, That all nectflary 1 fireftions be given, forthwith, for carrying on the Subscriptions in; and

that, in order thereunto, a Preamble of such Subscriptions be prepared by the Lord Beilhaven, Robert Blackwood, and James Balfour; who are to lay the same before the Committee of Trade, at their next Meeting, in order to be approved of thereafter by this Court.

Ordered, That the Committee of Trade do think of such Rules as may be thought convenient to be observed by all the Members of this Court, in order to the punctual Meeting of the said Court, and the several Committees appointed or to be appointed by it; together with such Penalties, as may be thought fit to be inflicted, for the Non-observance of such Rules; and report their Opinion, concerning the Premises, to this Court, accordingly-

The Proceedings of this Court were given in Charge, by the Chairman, to be kept secret

The Committee of Trade ordered to meet on Friday next, Nine a Clock.

And this Court is adjourned to the same Day, at Three a Clock.

London, the 6th Day of December, 1695.

At a Court of Directors of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies.

Present,

Lord Beilhaven, Thomas Coutts, Robert Douglas, Robert Lancashire, Robei't Williamson, Thomas Skinner, James Smith,

James FouUs,

Wm. Sheppard,

Walter Stewart, Dan. Van Mildert, James Balfour, William Paterson, Abra. Wilmer,

Paul Docminique, David Nai, Anthony Merry, James Cheislie.

Lord Beilhaven Chairman.

The Minutes of the last Court were read, and confirmed.

Pursuant to an Order of the last Court, of the of December Instant, the Lord Beilhaven, Robert Blackwood, and James Balfour, having prepared a Draught of such Preamble, as, they were of Opinion, might be agreeable to the Subscribers in Scotland; which, being considered by the Committee of Trade, according to Order, was by them reported to this Court;

Which being now read;

Ordered, That the said Preamble be written fair, and perused by such Members of this Court as shall please to consider of the fame, in order to be confirmed at the next Court of Directors.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare the Constitutions, Ordinances, and By-laws, of this Company.

Ordered, That the said Committee do consist of the Seven Persons after-named; viz. William Paterson, Robert Blackwood, David Nairne, James Foulis, Paul Doc-

minique, Thomas Skinner, Robert Lancashire j whereof any Four to be a Quorum.

Ordered, That each Member of such Committee do 5 L bring

Scotch East India Company.

406 2vr* Jariuariu 1695.

bring his Thoughts, in Writing, concerning the said Constitutions; and that the said Committee do meet on Friday next, the 10th of this Instant Dec. Ten a Clock.

Pursuant to a subsequent Order of the said Court, the 4th of Decern, instant, the Committee, therein appbinted, for preparing Rules to be observed by all the Directors, in order to the punctual Meeting of this Court, at such , Times as shall be by them, from time to time, appointed; the said Committee having reported their Opinion therein;

It is Ordered, That every. Director of this Court do deposit 20 i. in the Hands of Hod. Mackenzie.

Ordered, That every Director of this Court, having due Notice of the Times of Meeting, and not giving his Attendance accordingly, within an Hour. of the Time appointed, shall, for every such Default, forfeit One Half-crown of his said 20 s. to be equally distributed among such Directors, as shall be present at the said several Courts.

Agreed, That all the Members of this Court be concluded, as to the Hours of Meeting, by the Pendulum-clock that stands in this Room.

Ordered, That the said Committee for preparing the Confiitutions do meet again on Friday next, Nine a Clock ante meridiem.

Adjourned to Friday, the 13th of December Instant, at Three a Clock post meridiem.

This is a true Copy.

Rod. Mackenzie.

At London, the Sixtli Day of November 1603,

Pursuant to an Act of Parliament, of the Kingdom of Scotland, intituled, An Act for a Company trading to Africa, and the Indies: We, under-subscribed, do each of us, for himself, and not one for another, become obliged for the Payment of the respective Sums by us severally subscribed; subject to the following Rules and Conditions; viz.

That the joint Stock, or capital Fund, of the said Company, do consist of Six hundred thousand Pounds Sterling; whereof, one Quarter-part shall be paid at the Time of Subscription, to Two or more of the Persons named in the said Act of Parliament; and the Remainder thereof, in such Parts and Proportions, Time and Manner, as the said Company shall, from time to time, direct and appoint..,

That, if any of the Subscribers, or Proprietors, of the said Stock, or capital Fund, shall not pay, or cause to be paid, the remaining Part of his, her, or their, Subscriptions, in such Time, Manner, and Proportions, as shall be, from time to time, appointed by the said Company; or in case they, or any of them, shall become indebted to the said Company any otherways liowsoever; the Part or Share of Stock, in the said Fund, belonging to such Person or Persons, shall, from thenceforward, be and remain to the Hie of the said Company, to be by them fold and disposed of, for paying and satisfying such Debt, so become due unto them.

That, in regard Mr. William and others concerned with him, have been at great Pains and Expence, in making several considerable Discoveries of Trade, and Improvements, in and to both; and likewise in procuring needful Powers and Privileges, for a Company of Commerce, from several sovereign Princes, and States; which he and they have contrived, suited, and designed for the said Company: In Consideration whereof, it is hereby agreed, That the said William Patcrfon, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall, out of the first Payment, have and receive Tw o per Cent, of the Money to be subscribed in the said Capital Fund, as also Three/ht Cent, of the Hides, Profits, and Product of the said Fund, for the Space of One-and-twenty Years; which shall be redeemable for Two per Cent, more of the said Capital Fund', any time in 5 Years.

That the Government, 'Management, Power, and Difi-position of the said joint Stock, or capital Fund, and other Matters, Things, and Effects whatsoever, of or

belonging to the fiiid Company, shall; in all times hereafter, be and remain in a Court of Directors, confiding of the Persons named in the said Act of Parliament, together with fych others as shall be Proprietors of the respective Sums of One thousand Pounds Sterling, or more, in the said joint Stock, or Fund, and who shall likewise be deputed, in Writing by such other Proprietors therein, as, including such 1,000l. Sterling, or more, shall complete the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds Sterling thereof; provided. That none be admitted to depute more than one Person, for one and the same Sum, or Proportion of his Stock: And, in case the full Number of 15 Persons be not deputed by the Stock, in One Month after One Moiety thereof shall be subscribed; or if the full Number of Thirty Persons be not so deputed, iri One Month after the Whole shall be subscribed; in either of the said Cafes, the Court of Directors, for the Time, may, by Majority of Votes, signified by Scroll and Scrutiny, complete the said Numbers, or either of them.

And it is hereby declared, and understood, That the Persons named in the Act of Parliament, or the Survivors of them, are, were, and ought to be, a complete Court, until others be added unto them, in manner aforesaid: And that the Manner of completing the Number, and continuing the Succession, of such Fifty Directors, appointing the Times and Places of Meeting, the Quorum of Persons, the Conlututing and Impowering of Committees, and Sub-Committees of their own Number, fixing of Servants, settling of Fees and Salaries, and all other Matters and Things relating to the said Company, shall be ordered, fixed, and settled, in the Confutations to be made by the said Court of Directors; and that every Director 'or Member of the said Court, and all others concerned in the said Company, be concluded by, and subject unto, such Elections, Successions, Scrutinies, Censures, Deprivations, Disabilities, Ordinances, and Rules, ag shall be made and contained in such Constitutions.

And that the said joint Stock, and capital Fund, shall be, remain, and continue, subject unto all such further and other Rules, Conditions, and Qualifications, and to be tiled, governed, ordered, and disposed of, as the said Company shall, from time to time, direct and appoint.

This is a true Copy.

Rod. Mackenzie.

Renunciation and Relcafe.

.Whereas, by the Preamble of Subscription to the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies,

I, William Paterson, of the Parish of St. Giles the Fields, and County of Middlesex, Esquire, mv Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, were to have and receive Two per Cent, of the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, to be subscribed, and Three per Cent, of the Profits of the said Fund, for One-and-twenty Years; or Two perCent. more, of the Sum subscribed, some time in Five Years, in lieu thereof: Now, know ye, by thel'e Presents, That I, the said William Paterson, for divers good Caules and Considerations me thereunto moving, do, for me, my Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, remile, release, acquit, discharge, and quit Claim unto, the said Company, and all and every the Subscribers thereunto, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, ail and every Part of the said Two per Cent, of the Fund, and Three per Cent. of the Profits, mentioned in the said Preamble of Subscription. In Witness whereof, I have'hereunto let my Hand and Seal this Twenty-ninth Day of November 1695.

Sic subscribitur.

Sealed and delivered (the Paper Wm. Palerson.

being first stamped) according to Act of Parliament; in the Presence of Sicfubferibitur,

Henry Ayle,

Joseph Boys,

Rod. Mackenzie.

This is a true Copy.

Rod. Mackenzie.

Also the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, which was presented to the House Yesterday, and laid on the Table, was read.

Royal A (Tent AMdTage from' his Majesty, by Sip Fleetwood Shep-

to Bills, pand, Gentleman- Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up tdrittend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Four publick, arid Six private, Bills following; viz.

An Act for enlarging the Times to come in, and purchase certain Annuities therein mentioned; and for continuing the Duties" formerly charged ott low Wines, or Spirits, of the tirft Extraction; for carrying on the War against France.

An Act for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treason, and Misprision of Treason.

An Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom.

An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament.

An Act for enabling Sir Thomas Parkins Baronet to fell certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in liithy and Easinguould, in the County of York; and for settling other Lands and Hereditaments, of greater Value, in lieu thereof.

An Act to enable Sir Thomas Pope Blount Baronet to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of his eldest Son.

An Act, for vesting the Manor of Madely, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, for certain Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for enabling the Lady Katherine Fane to fell the Reversion of certain Fee-farm Rents, given to her by her Grandfather John Bence Esquire.

An Act for enabling Thomas Stoner Esquire, Son and Heir of John Stoner Esquire, deceased, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate in Marriage, notwithstanding his Minority.

An Act for vesting several Messuages and Lands, belonging to Samuel Powell Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts.

Resolved, That James Foulis be impeached of the said High Crimes and Miftlerneanors.

Resolved, That Thomas Coutts be impeached of the said High Crimes and Miftlerneanors.

Resolved, That Abraham Wi liner be impeached of the said High Crimes and Miftlerneanors.

Resolved, That Daniel Van MUdert be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Robert Williamson be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Anthony Meny be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Paul Doeminique be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Robert Douglas be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Thomas Skinner be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Hugh Fraser be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That James Bateman be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That JValter Steu'art be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Joseph Cohen D'Azevedo be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That a Committee he appointed to prepare Impeachments against the fair! Perlbus:

And it is referred to Colonel Granvill, Sir Chr. Musgrove. Sir John Bides, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Fra.

Winington, Mr. Brothcrton, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Manley, Mr. Harley, Sir Walt Yonge, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Chadaicle, Sir Math. Andrews,

Mr. Norris, Serjeant Coward, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Pricey Mr. Bet hell, Mr. St. Quin tin, Sir Ja. Etheridge, Sir Fra.

Massam, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir John Banks: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Supply Bill; ing, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, Laud Tax. to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the W'ar against France.

Scotch E. I. Company.

Lord Beil-haven, &c. impeached.

Reolved, That the Directors of the C ompany of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies, administring and taking, here, in this Kingdom, an Oath DcJideli, is a High Crime and Misdemeanor.

Resolved, That the Directors of the Company of Scotland trading to Africa, and the Indies, under Colour of a Scotch Act of Parliament, styling themselves a Company, and acting as such, and raising Monies in this Kingdom for carrying on the said Company, are guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanor.

Resolved, That the Lord Be be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That William Paterson be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That David Nairne be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That James Smith be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That James Cheisly be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Robert Lancashire be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That William Sheppard be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Robert Blackwood be impeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That James Bal be idnpeached of the said High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Vol. XL

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Bringing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pld, el°d to consider of the Bill to encourage the Bringing in of Ue coine milled, broad, or unclipped, Monies, to be exchanged, by Commissioners in several Parts of this Realm, with the common People, for their clipped Monies;' and for the encouraging of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coined.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Pnrifmouth vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- Election, rough of Portsmouth, in the County of , be

made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to shipwrights, whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Shipwrights &c. belonging to the Yards at Woolwich and Deptford was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. CommitteM.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 22* die Januarii

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

fjfAMES Stanhope took the Oaths appointed, in order J his Naturalization.

An

408

21° — 23° Januarii. A. 1695.

Haynes'

Estate.

A Unger's Estate.

Encouragement of Privateers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Haynes Esquire to settle a Jointure on his now Wife; and to exchange Lands with the Trustees of Thomas Stevens Esquire, deceased; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Bolles, Sir John Manwaring, Mr. Pinnell, Mr.

Sir Alarm. Wyvell, Mr. Manle, Mr. Sloane, Sir IVm. Lowther, Sir Geo. Hunger ford, Mr. Gardner, Mr Sir IVm. Whitmore, Sir Fra. Mr. JVatlington,

Sir John Key, Sir IVm. York, Mr. York, Sir Tho. Roberts,

Sir IVm.Honywood, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Norris, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Backwell, Mr. Yates, Mr. Slater, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Mr. Moore, Mr. Price, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. England, Mr. White, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Sw Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr.

Hoare; and all that serve for the County of Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Aunger, an Infant, to make a Lease of his Estate, for the Improvement thereof, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Aunger, an Infant, and his Mother, to make a Lease of his Estate, for the Improvement thereof.

Ordered, That Colonel Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for Encouraging of Privateers was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider for preserving the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the....

put thereupon, agreed unto, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourtdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

they should be opened; which causes a great Disturbance to Trade, where there is no need of Garbling: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for explaining the said Act, and for redressing the Grievances in the Execution of the Garbler's Office.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of , the West-India Merchants is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, General That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a General Nat. Bill. Naturalization;

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bili; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to L00*1 Tax* consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Shipwright*, w hom the Consideration of the Petition of the Shipwrights *c" belonging to the Yards at Woollwich and Deptford was referred, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Reveriing ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Judgment to consider of the Bill for reverting the Judgment against ti^WU Sir William Williams; and for affecting the Rights and iiam8. Freedom of Parliament.

1 )?

Dtitf

1 ta

Iks-I Jr.

Wye and A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Lufig Nan- and the Grand Jury, for the Body of the County of He-gdtlon‘ rejord, at the General Quarter-Session of the Peace, held

the 14th Day of January 1C95, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the making of the Rivers Wye and Lugg, in the County of Herejord, navigable, will be a great Benefit to the adjacent Countries; but the same is now' prevented, by several Weirs erected thereon unlawfully; whereby the Salmon, and other Fishery, wherewith those Rivers used to abound, is much prejudiced, to the great Damage of their neighbouring Counties, and the Nation in general: And praying the Removal of all Obstructions in making the said Rivers navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable is committed.

Garbling A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-

Spices. chants of England trading into the Levant Seas was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, the Garbling of divers Spices and Drugs is established: That the Direction of the Garbler's Office is in the Power of the City of London; and, formerly, was lett at 20 s. per Ann. and 50/. Fine; but now, the same is farmed, to one Mr. at 300 Amu

Rent, and 1,200l. Fine, as informed: That the said Mr. Stewart, contrary to former Practice, claims the Garbling of many Goods for Exportation, and putting the Proprietors to great Charge, by Prosecutions in the Exchequer, if they refuse to pay him what he demands; and many times takes Fees for garbling Spices, for which he does nothing; and for those that would be prejudiced if

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Coraroittm.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 23* die Januarii;

Septimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

f~\RD ERED, That Mr. Brewer, Sir William Scawen, Half-penc« Mr. Vincent, Sir Godjry Copley, Mr. Moncton, Mr. and Far-Pendarvis, Mr. Granville, Sir Tho. Traced, Mr. Brotherton, th*n§s- Mr. Pepys, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Manly, Mr. Neale, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider the Matter of the Complaint, made to the House, touching Half-pence and Farthings.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Pawlet'* to enable the Lord Francis Pccwlet to charge his Estate Eftata. with Provisions for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Marquis of Winton, Mr. JVatlington, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr.

Knight, Mr. Ash, Mr Slater, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Mr.

Tho. Foley junior, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Hedger,

Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Machett, Colonel Perry, Sir Edward Acton, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Robert Cotton,

Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Winington, Sir Ralph Ashton,

Mr. Osborne, Mr. Brewer, Mr. How, Sir Tho. Grosvenor,

Mr. Kinaston: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.

VII

u

r~

r ‘

*7 W. Ill* 25* — 240 Januarii. 409

Avon Navigation*

Mr. Blathximie, According to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for making the River Avon, in the County of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable: And the

BHl was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Saturday Morning.

will therefore recall tire Grant; and find some other Way of thewing my Favour to him.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

aerji

t-Bil

Tpliii.

hi(

evtr-i

:au.i

m.

oimm

f-pew

Far-

'$*

IPw*

ti

Parwent A Petition of the Bailiffs, Magistrates, Sheriff, Trades-Nari^auon. men, and other Inhabitants, in and about the City of Litchfeild, being adjacent and near the Town of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That tire Petitioners conceive, tire making of the River in the County of Derby, navigable, will be of great Convenience and Benefit; the Charge of Land-carriage thereby much lessened, and Trade encouraged; and will be for the general Good of the adjacent Countries; and not prejudicial to any Persons: AncPpraying the Confutation of the House in the Premises,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said Itiver navigable is committed.

Diuo. A Petition of the Gentry, Freeholders, and others,

assembled at the Quarter-Sessions, held for the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making the River in the County of Derby, . , will be of great Advantage,

not only to the said County, but to the neighbouring Counties; Land-Carriage lessened, and thereby the Highways preserved, which are unpayable in Winter; Trade will be much encouraged, and consequently the Rents of Lands advanced; the Carriages used for carrying Goods to the River of Trent may have other profitable Employments; and no Person damnified, but that may receive real'onable Satisfaction: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said River navigable is committed.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Plantation Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Trade. preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade: And that Mr. Chadwick and Mr. zcaite do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Methods of Ordered, That all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe be granting added to the Committee appointed to inspect the Me-Mouey. thods of granting Money: And that Sir Bolles, Mr.

Ash, Mr. Fuliy, Mr. Pa git, be added to the said Committee.

Supply Bill; The House, according to ' the Order of the Day, re-laml Tax. solved itfi'lf into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next.

An Twer to Mr- Speaker reported. That he, with the House, did

iAdditf*. Yesterday present tin ir Address to his Majesty: And that his Majesty was pleased to express himself to this Effect:

Gentlemen,

I have Kindness for my Lord Portland, which he has deserved of me, by long and faithful Services: But I should not have given him these Lands, if I had imagined the House of Commons could have been concerned: I Vol.XI.

Veneris, 24" die Janu; 7® Gulielmi Tertii.

Prateus,;

RTHOLOME W Gisbitsky and Johann Henry Boock took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Finch, Mr. Bromley, Sir Richard Lord Beilha* Temple, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Mr. Hooper, ven's, &c.

Lord Digby, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Boyle, be added to the lmPea*h* Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare Articles of ment' Impeachment against several Persons concerned in the Scotch East India Company.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Burton upon Trent, in Darwent the County of Stafford, and other adjacent Places, was Navigation, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, from the River Trent to the Town of Derby, will not only be of great Use and Advantage to the said Town, but to all the Countries thereabouts: That, by this Navigation, the Product of those Countries will he carried off, and foreign Commodities brought to them; which w ill much encourage their Trade, and improve their Estates; and doubt not but their Posterity will reap the same Advantage by this Navigation, as oilier his Majesty s Subjects have done in other Parts; it yet never being doubted, that Navigation tended to the Improvement and Enrichment of those Places that were capable of it: And praying, That no private Interest may obstruct the Palling of an Act for making the River Darwent navigable; which w ill be much for the Advantage of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w horn the Bill for making the said River navigable is committed.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, and Justices of Peace, Ditto, of the County of Derby, at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held for the said County the 14th Day of

January 1695.....setting forth, That the making of

the River Dam ent.....will be of great Convenience to

the said County, and other adjacent Places; whereby the Highways will be much preserved, that in Winter are unpayable by the Land-carriage of Lead, Iron, Mill-stones, and other Commodities, drawm dow n to the River the Charge of Carriage much lessened; Trade will be improved; the Rents of Lands advanced; and no Persons damnified, without Satisfaction: And praying, That a Bill may pass into a Law for making the said River of Darwent navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said River of Darwent navigable is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of K Ditto, and Loughborough, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River of Darwent navigable, from the River Trent to the Town of Derby, will be of great Convenience to the neighbouring Countries thereto, by reducing the Charge of Land-carriage, and preserving the Roads: That it will improve Trade, and be for the general Good, and much to the Encouragement of Seamen; and no Person prejudiced thereby: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said River of Daiwent navigable is committed.

5 M lA Petition

Darwent

Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Commissioners of Accounts.

Dari of Kent's Jointure.

A Petition of Fourteen of the Grand Jury at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held for the County of Derby the 14th Day of January 1695, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the 13ill, now depending in the House. for making the River in

the laid County, navigable, tends to the Damage of the greater Part of the said County, and will be almost intolerable to the South-east Parts of it: And therefore deprecate so great an Evil from coming upon themselves and Neighbours.

Ordered, That the Consuleration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Leicester, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making of the River Darzcent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will be very prejudicial to the Trade and Market of Leicester: And praying, That they may be heard to the fame, the Particulars being many.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for making the said River navigable is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, in and about the Town of Birmish the County of Harwich, being adjacent and near the Town and County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the making the River Darzcent, from the River Trent to the Town of navigable, will be of

great Convenience and Advantage to the Petitioners, and the general Good of that Part of the Kingdom; for that the Petitioners Trades do chiefly conlift in Steel and Iron, and other ponderous Commodities; and the Charge of Land carriage is so great, that it is a Discouragement to their Trades; which by this Navigation will be improved, and the said Charge lessened; without being prejudicial to any body, as they conceive: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said River navigable is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Darzcent, in the County of Derby, navigable, w ill beagreat Damage to the Inhabitants about Bazctry, who chiefly fublilt by the Navigation of the River Idle, which runs through the said Town, and carries into the River Trent Lead, Mill-stones, and other Commodities, which come out of Darbyshire: That the Petitioners are sensible, more will receive Prejudice by the said Bill than Advantage: And praying, That they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consuleration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Names of the Commissioners for taking and Hating the publick Accounts be brought in upon Monday Morning next: And that every Member of this House do prepare a List, in Paper, of the Names of Seven Perl'ons, who he shall think fit to be Commissioners, to be put into Glasses.

Mr. Tredenham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act . to enable Anthony Earl of Kent, and Henry Grey his Son and Heir apparent, to make a Jointure for Jemima, Wile of the said Henry Grey, was committed, That they had examined and considered the Bill; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time . upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Hooper, according to Order, presented to the House Bampfrild'. a Bill to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to make, liftaie.. renew', and fill up, Leases of the Estate- of Sir Copp/esion JVarzrick Bampfcild Baronet, during his Minority; and for laying out the Monies, raised thereby, in Purchases, to be settled to the same Lies the said Estate now is: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Morn-

ing next.

Sir William Williams, according to Order, presented to R^nkting the House a Bill for further Regulating of Elections of tlwiious. Members in Parliament.

The J Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Counsel for the Lady Rachel Russell, ard also for Holljorneani the Inhabitants of Holborneand Finsbury Divisions, at- Fuiibury tending, w ere, according to the Order of the Day, called in.

And the Bill for erecting a Court of Conscience, for Holborne and Finsbury Divisions, was read a Second time:

And also the Petition of the Lady Russell, against the said Bill, was read.

And the Counsel were heard both against, and for, the Bm.

And, the Counsel being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee appointed Duties o» to conuder of the Act, made the lal't Parliament, for olaii, fcc. granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glufs Wares,

Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; and to report the Matter to the House; That they had coMidered the lame, and the Petitions referred to the said Committee, lo far as the same related to the Coals water-borne upon the Rivers of -Sc- . l'cr/iand Avon, in the Counties ol Gloucester,/I arrester,

Salop, Stafford, and I! arzeieh; and had directed him to report the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, to the House: And lie read the iiune in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followed!;

That the Committee, having met several times, and taken into their Confident!ion-the several Petitions, and edict* Matters, to them referred, have agreed upon theculhing Report to be made to the 1 louie;

That the Substance of the Complaints and Hard ships of the several Petitions, and others, of the Towns and Counties of Gloucester, Jiorcester Salop, and

JFuncick, relating to the Rivers of and Avon,

who heretofore depended upon the Coal and other Commerce of the said Rivers, and were thereby conveniently supplied and supported, appeared to be as followeth; viz.

That the present Tax upon the River-Coals is become so burdenlbme and grievous, that it will inevitably, upon the Continuance thereof, ruin many Families, increalbthe number of Poor, and defttoy the Navigation of thofo Rivers j which have been a Nursery for Sailors; Irom whence, many were yearly taken to forte on board his Majesty's Fleet at Sea: For no Coals are, or can be, now carried up or dow n the fame, byrcalbn the Hind-carriage is cheaper; and, consequently, all those Barges and Watermen that have for lb long time been employed upon those Rivers, and Thousands of Colliers, muff want Work, and Bread for their Families:

That the Coal Mines adjoining to or near any those Rivers will be intirely destroyed, by the Waters getting to such a Head in the Pits, that stand still and unemployed as can never afterwards he recovered or mattered; it being now to the Lois of the Owners to continue the working their Pits, by reason of this Duly:

b 1 That

7 W. III.

Januarii.

4xt

r*-U

ju*1;

Fortfmmuh

Election.

That this Duty destroys the Supply and Commerce of all P; rts upon, and Towns and Places adjacent to, the said Rivers; which will very much affect the Woollen Manufactures, both in the Clouthing, Capping, and Stockings: whereby the great Number of Poor they employ, mult, either l e reduced to W ant, or quit those Employments; which will endanger the Lois of those Manufactures; and may create a Disaffection in the Minds of those luflering People to the Government; they having already riien in many Bodies, in those Counties, destroying and pulling up divers Hedge-rows and Pales, and other Fences, lopping of Trees, and destroying the Woods themselves, in Presence of the Owners, or their Agents; being induced to such riotous Practices, only'tfrom the ievere Hiydships they fuller under the Scarcity of Fuel: That this Duty is not only lo grievous to the Subject, but falls io far short, in those Counties, of answering the End designed, that it proves rather a Charge than an Income to the Crown; the Revenue not having as yet, nor ever probably will answer the Expence of the Collection: That this Duty is not only pernicious to the Subject, in the before-mentioned Discouragements, to the Navigation, the Coal-Trade, and the Wroollen Manufactures, hut lefl'ens and abates the Kings Duties upon the Glass Wares; for that the Owners of the Glass-houses at Gloucester have been obliged to extinguish their Fires; because, since this Duty commenced, they can have no Coals; which has forced them to lay alide their Employment: and brought many other Difficulties upon the Trades of that City: That this Duty not only affefis the said Counties in general, but is very severe in its Consequence to particular Persons; tlpccialiy to the Petitioner the Countels of Pli-mouth, who had the Navigation of the River Avon settled upon her, for her Jointure; which was of the yearly Value of 400l. clear of all Charges; which Revenue aroie only by Coals that came down the Sere me, and pafihd up the River Avon; but that since this Duty was laid on Coals, there has been but Two Barges of Coals came up the River, the Country adjacent being since supplied by Laud-carriage; whereby the Petitioner is not only like to lose her 400l. per Annum, during the Continuance of the Tax, but for ever after, »by reason the Locks and Wharls, and other Necessaries, which alone cost Five or 6,000l. erecting, to preserve the said Navigation, will run to Ruin and Decay.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause, to take away the Duties laid upon Coals water-borne, except in order to be shipped;

The previous Question was put, That that Question Le put:

And the House divided.

The Noes go forth.

fSir Henry Goff,

(Mr. Vole if: fSir Richard Onslow,

[Mr. Chadwick:

And it passed in the Negative.

RrfAved, That the said Report be re-committed.

Mr. Solicitor-General reported, from the Committee of Pi i\ ileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, and the Resolutions of the said Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and arc as follow; viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Mathew Aylmer Esquire, John Gibbon Esquire, and of several Aldermen and Ikir^ciles of Portsmouth:

The Committee have examined the Matter of the Return, and also the Merits of that Election.

That the Committee inspected the Record of the Return; and it appeared, That John Gibson Esquire, and Mathew Aylmer Esquire, were returned by one and the

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

Ji OS-184.

(rz) Supplied from the original steport.

(b) Ibid.

fame Indenture; so that the determining the Right of the Return depended entirely upon the determining the Merits of the Election:

That, thereupon, the Committee appointed a Day for the hearing the Merits of the Election:

At which time, on behalf of Admiral Aylmer, was produced

Mr. Suffedd: Who said, That he had lived ill Portsmouth 28 or 29 Years; and teltified, That, since the late Resolution, the Inhabitants at large have been admitted to vote for Parliament-men, with the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses: That, at this Election, the Inhabitants did vote with the Burgesses: and Colonel Gibson and Admiral Aylmer did agree to stand by that Poll; and that Admiral Aylmer carried it with (a) [all] 'rairness and Unconcernednels: That he was acquainted with Four Elections before this Resolution; and though the Inhabitants were not admitted to poll by the Corporation, yet lomebody used to take the Poll for them: And that Mr. Richard Stevens w as chose by the Inhabitants; and, upon their Right, he did petition the Oxford Parliament.

That, to prove the Right in the Inhabitants, was produced a Charter of Confirmation to the said Borough, 4 Novan. 30 Car. by which it appeared, That they had been incorporated by several Names: And this Charter confirmed them by the Name of Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

That, on the behalf of Admiral Aylmer, was also produced several Indentures of Return; viz.

22 Apr. 14 Eliz. witnessing, That the Mayor, Chamberlains, and Commonalty, elected.

9 Nov. 26 Eliz. Mayor, Burgesses, and Freeholders, elected.

90 Januarii 1688. Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, elected, by virtue of a Precept of the Prince of Orange.

30 Marl'd. 2 Gidiclmi 8y Maria; Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, together with the Commonalty, elected.

For to prove the Pvight in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, was produced several Returns.

17 Edw. 4. Thirteen Burgesses named, elected.

7 Edw. 6. Mayor, and 11 Burgesses, elected.

1 Maria. Mayor, and 13 Burgesses, elected.

1 Eliza. Mayor, and 1 2 Burgesses, elected.

30 Eliza. Mayor, and Burgesses, elected.

43 Eliz. The lame.

i° Jacobi. The fame.

3* Car. The Mayor, with the whole Assent and Con*

sent of the rest of the Burgesses, elected.

16 Car. Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, elected*

12 Car. idi. The fame.

13 Car. 2. The fame.

15 Feb. 31. Car. 2. The fame.

(b) [26 Aug. 31 Car. 2. The fame.]

33 Car. 2. The fame

That John Blakely said, He had lived in Portsmouth about 29 Years, and had known several F.leftions: That in an Election upon a Difiblution, in King Charles the Second's time, and King James the Second's time, only the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, had elected: That the Inhabitants had sometimes demanded a Poll; but it was not granted to them.

Thomas Launder said, He was Clerk to the Tow'n-Clerk, in 78 and 79; and that none but the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, then elefited.

Mr. Bissill, the Town-Clerk, produced the Poll, by which, as it was promiscuously taken of Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, it appeared, that there was.

For Colonel Gibson - - 219

For Admiral Aylmer - 234

But said, That Colonel Gibsm had the Majority, by ' above 20, of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses.

Mr. Stiffeild\ Mr. Boucher, Mr. Bart in, teitified, That Aldermen Blakely spake to the Inhabitants, and told them. That they had all a Right to vote; and that both the

Candidate*

Vol. XL

24° — 2 50 Januariu

A. 1695-

Tortfmouth

Election.

41a

Candidates declared they would stand by the Poll: And, ac- for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament cordingly, the Town-Clerk was about to make a tingle Re- for the Borough of Portsmouth in the County of turn for Admiral Aylmer; but the Mayor snatched it from ampton, in the room of Edward Russell El'quire, who made the Town Clerk; and said, He wouldjnake another Return. his Election to serve for the County of Cambridge; the Thomas Rich said, The Mayor withed Admiral Aylmer last Election being adjudged void, joy, and gave Order for the Bells to be rung upon his Account.

That then the Counsel, on both Sides, infilled, That there had been several Irregularities, on both Sides, at the Election:

And, on the behalf of Admiral Aylmer, was produced Thomas Triggs: Who said, That he voted for Admiral Aylmer; and Colonel Gibson came to his House, with the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Coparce-the more easy Division of Estates of Coparceners: And ua"y Liiuja* that Mr. Tredenham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

p

v

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, was presented to the House and read; setting forth.

Duty 09 Co«iU.

Master-Gunner, and Trumpets founding before him; and That all the Inhabitants in the said City are greatly bur-bid them turn the Rogue upside down } and the Rabble dened by the late Imposition of $s. per Chaldron upon broke his Windows. Coals: That many Persons, whose Trades require a greater

Henry Coward said, About Two a Clock he was alarmed Consumption of Coals than others, are not able to carry by the Noise of a Drum; so he went to the Market-place, on their Trades, by reason of their Dearness; to the Im-where he saw a Huddle of People, crying out, A Gibson: poveriiliment of their Families, and the great Increase of And that the Master-Gunner, whose Name was Moody, the Poor: And praying the Relief and Consideration of because Coward had declared for Admiral Aylmer, threat- the House in the Premises.

ened to take all his Business from him. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

John Rutter said. That, before the Election, telling be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Bently he was for Admiral Aylmer, Bcntly threatened to Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Ma-shut his Windows down. jesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen

That on the behalf of Colonel Gibsonnc, and the Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against Burgesses, were produced France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating

John Blakely, Thomas Bartin, Henry Seagar, and Ro. thereunto.

1 [o

Shales: Who proved, That Letters having been lent to Admiral Russell, That the Corporation had used Admiral Aylmer ill, Admiral Russell did write to Mr. and

Air. Shales, each of them, a Letter, to this Effect, That

A Petition of the Gentry, Lead-merchants, Free- Dantwtt holders, Miners, and others, concerned in the Trade of Navigation Lead in the County of Derby, was presented to the House,

if they slighted his Recommendation of Admiral Aylmer, and read 5 letting forth, That the making the Rivers of Dar-' ' ' ' - - - in the County of Derby, navigable, from the River

Trent to the Town of Derby, will be of great Use and Advantage to all the adjacent Countries, and will lessen the Charge of Land-carriage, and preserve the Highways, which are almost unpayable in Winter: That this Navigation will greatly encourage Trade, and advance the Rent of Lands; and prejudice Nobody, without a reasonable Satisfaction: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making

lie would take such Measures as might make them repent it; and that, if Admiral Aylmer was not returned, and there was just Ground for a Petition, he would spend 10,000l. to do Admiral Aylmer Right.

That Mr. Hedger and Mr. Holt, Two Members, informed the Committee, That they had been at several Elections before the Resolution; and that the Inhabitants always claimed their Right to vote.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to thele Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of P, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the said Borough, only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Gibsonne Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess

Pr»

h«i

W

the said River of Dancentnavigable is committed.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Copyholders, Farmers, Ditt*. and others, the Inhabitants of Radford, Bramkote, Sande-acre, Stablford, Eaton, Long Eaton, and in

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the Counties ol and A was presented to

Shipwrights,

&c.

Portsmouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mathew Aylmer Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Portsmouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Election of a Burgess for the Borough of Portsmouth is a void Elftion.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Shipwrights, belonging to the Yards at Woolwich and Deptford .....be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 25# die Januarii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in the House, for making the River Dar-xcent, in the County of Derby, navigable, which will be a great Detriment to all Persons bordering thereon; the Meadows and Lands, for many Miles, will be ruined and overflown, by the Breaking down of the Banks; the Fords, over which they now carry Coals, and other Ne-ceflaries, from Town to Town, will become useless; the Price of Corn w ill fall, whereby the Tenant will be disabled to pay his Rent; and, consequently, the Rents of Land must abate; and many Thousands of poor People, who subsist by the Land-carriage of Commodities out of the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, and Leicester, into Cheshire, and other Parts, will be utterly ruined; together with many other Inconveniencies that attend the said Navigation: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, Ditto, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,"That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River in the County

tad,

Prayers

Portsmouth /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant of Derby, navigable, if passed, will be of great Damage Writ. t/ to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, to the Petitioners, in reducing the Price of Corn; and

bring

Jj J?

r'

r

7 W. III.

250 yamarii.

4*5

Avon

Navigation,

Duties on Olafs, Uc*

m

Preventing Export of Wool,

Aili&bury

Lltdion.

Debtore

Relief.

l>ring so many other Inconveniences epoo them as they dare not now express: And praying, That they may be heard by (Jounfel before the Patting of the said Bill.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to tire Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for making the River , in the Counties of Wiltst Gloucester, and Somersetnavigable, was, accord*

ing to Order, read the First time.

llesohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Jurats, on behalf of themselves, and the Commonalty, of the Town and Port of Hastings, pne of the Cinque-Ports, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That all the Vessels belonging to the said Town are employed in the Coal-Trade to Newcastle-, which Trade is the chief Support of the Town: That, tince the War, the Number of their Vessels are reduced to about Sixty old decayed Vessels, which will yearly eat up their Earnings with iiejwraiions; That, byreason of the Duties laid u(x>n Coals water-borne, by the Act, made last Parliament; for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France, the Owners of the said Vessels are under lo great a Burden, that they will be necessitated to lay up their Vessels, to the ltuin and impoverishment of the said Trade and Town: And praying Belief, by Abatement of the said Duty upon Coals, or otheru iie, us the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the Consideration of fire Paid Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the said Act; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Ordered, That Mr. i?/'cawySir Robert Sir

Robert Davers, Mr. Colt, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Lord Spencer, Mr. Luttcrcll, Serjeant Coxvard, Mr. Bertie, Sir

John Trevillian, Mr. Try, be added to the Committee, to

whom-the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool; and encourage the Importation thereof from Ireland; is committed: And that the Committee do fit de die diem.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Ailisbury, in the County of Bucks, be made upon Tuesday Morning next

Sir John Lawther«reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt and Damages was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Wliera the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

whom the Bill for the I nor case and Encouragemen of Seamen is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing several ' m*8' r‘ Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandize* imported, for carrying on the War against Fixtnce.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Publick next, take into Consideration the State of the publick Re- Receipt*, So. ceipts and Payments, laid before the House by the Commissioners for taking and Bating the publick Accounts.

Ordered, That the Lists of Names of Persons to be Com mi f-Commissioners for taking and Bating the public Accounts ^oners of be brougtit in upon Saturday Morning next. ccomiU*

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, Wye and Grand Jury, apd other the Freeholders, of the County of I-ugg Navi-Monmouth, was presented to the IIoulc, and read; fot- 8allon-ting forth. That the Petitioners find by the Votes, That a Bill is brought into the House for making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County' of Hereford, navigable:

That if the said Bill should pals into a Law, the w hole County of Monmouth will manifestly be inipoverished. and their Husbandry discouraged: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and that the said Bill may not puff.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Encouraging

Stamen.

A Petition of the ancient Company of Fishmongers, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, That the Company of Fishermen of the River of Thames have petitioned the House for Leave to insert a Clause in the Bill for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, to impower the Fishermen to keep a Hegifter of all Fishermen, Dredger-men, and Servants, within their Precincts; and to give an Account of them to the general Regifier for Seamen: That, if foeh a Clause should be inserted, it will not only be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, but also an Injury to the Publick: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, to offer their Reasons against such a Clause.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to Vot. XL

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inha- Dittos bitants, of the Parish of Colwall, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth,

That the Bill now before this House, for making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, navigable, will be greatly ... the Damage of the Petitioners: And praying a Time may be appointed for shewing their Rea* ions against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentry', Freeholders, and Inhabitants, Ditto, of Burgoveney, in the County of Mmmouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River navigable, if it should pals, will impoverish the whole County of Monmouth, arid utterly destroy the Trade of the said Town: And praying. That the said Bill may not pals the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Rivers Wye and Lugg, in tile County of,

navigable, is committed. r

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and In- Ditto, habitants, of the Parish of Coddington, in the County of Hei'tford, was presented to tire House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now before the House, for making the Rivers Wyt and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, navigable, will be a great Damage to the Petitioners, if it should pals: And praying a Day may be given for Brewing their Realons against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TUefday Morn- State of tbs ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Nation. House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade.

5 N Ordered,

Coll of the House.

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Darwent

Navigation,

Ditto.

Ditto.

5° — 27° Januarii. A. 169 4.

Ordered, That the I louse be called over upon Monday Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, not having Leave to be absent, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

Ordered, That Colonel Mohave Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for one Year, for carrying on the War against France, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Towns and Places adjacent; and will much encourage Trade by lessening the Rate of Land-carriage; and w ill be a Means to preserve the Highways, which are almost unpayable in Winter: And praying the Consideration of the Hpule in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Darwent in the County of Derby, navigable, is committed.

A Petition of the Gentry, Freeholders, and Farmers, Darwent in and near Vtoxeter, in the County of »SVff//er<7, was pre- Navigation, fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the making the River Dam'cut, in the County of Derby, navigable, will be a great Improvement to Trade, and the Rent of Lands in the Towns and Countries adjacent; and the Roads thereby preservd, which are rendered use-leis in Winter by the Carriage of Lead, Mill-Hones, and other ponderous Commodities, by Land, to the River Trent; and many other Conveniencies will attend this Navigation, without doing Damage to any-body, but who may receive a reasonable Satisfaction: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said River navigable is committed.

Luncc, 27° 1li Januarii;

7® Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the Jloufe, and read; letting forth, That the making the River Dancent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will hinder the Trade of the said Town, and spoil their Market; People out of the West bringing down Lead, which they send to Baud and carry back Wheat and Malt: And that, if a Stop be put to the Employment of Land carriage, many Families inuft perish, the Market will be loft, and Rent of Lands mult fall: And praying, that they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, touching the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for making the said River navigable is committed.

A Petition of several Inhabitants in Northampton, and other Towns of that County, trading to the Tow n and County of Darby, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now before the House, for making the River Dancent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will be to the great Damage of the Petitioners j for that they are necessitated to fetch Coals out of Derbyshire, and that Part of Leicestershire next it, which would be at an intolerable Expence, but that the Petitioners go loaded with Corn to Derby Market, where they fell it: That this Navigation w ill bring down the Price of Corn, by the Glut that will be brought to Derby out of other Countries; which will disable the Petitioners to pay their Rents; and will lcflcn the Breed of strong Horses, with which Leicestershire and Derbyshire use to furnish the Petitioners, by reason of a Discontinuance of the Tillage, which will also be lessened in those Counties: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentry, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, in and about the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, the making of the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will be a great Advantage to all the ' 14

A Petition of Icvcrnl Inhabitants in and Ditto,

other Towns of that County, trading to the Town and County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Commerce between the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Northampton, is for Coals and Corn, by Land-carriage: That a Bill is now before the House, for making navigable the River of Dancent, in the County of Derby, which will hinder their said Commerce; for that the Town of Derby will, by the said Navigation, be cheaper supplied with Corn from other Countries than the Petitioners can afford to carry it thither; and thereby the Petitioners will become necesiitated for Coals, which they used to bring home in their Return; and, of consequence, it muff lessen the Rents of Lands, by lessening the Price of Corn: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Onlend, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Ditto, others, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That through the River Dancent are several common Fords, daily eroded by Carts, for fetching Coals from the North Side, to the Inhabitants on the South Side, of the said River, and returning, from the South Side to the North, with Liinc and Plaster: That there is no common Bridge betwixt the Town of Derby, and the Mouth of the w here

it falls into the River Trent: That the Bill, now in the House, for making the River Dancent, in the County of Derby, navigable, inuft, of neeeffity, spoil the said Fords;-and, consequently, lcclude one Part of the Country from Commerce with the other; and many other Inconvenion-cics will attend the said Navigation: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the lame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Ditto. Landholders, of the Market-Town of in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Families in the said Town are -

supported by the Land-carriage of Corn, Wool, and other Commodities, to the Town of Derby, and other Places thereabouts, and returning Commodities from thence: That if the Bill, now before the House, should pals, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, the same will very much obstruct the Trade between this

Town

7 W. III.

*7°' Januarii.

Town and Derby; and tend to the Impoverishing of the Petitioners: And praying, that they may he heard, by their Counsel, against the intended Navigation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is com-luitted.

Darwent A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders and other Navigation. Landholders, within the Hundred of in the County of Derby, on behalf of them Lives, and other Inhabitants of the said Hundred, w as pretented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will be of great Damage to the Petitioners, many of them subsisting upon the Land-carriage of Lead, Iron, and other Commodities, from Place to Place, which the intended Navigation will utter take aw ay; and will be many oilier ways prejudicial to the -Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, before the Parting of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. '

Plantation

Trade.

Earl of

Kent's

Jointure.

Mr. Chadwick, according to Order, preferred to the House a Bill for 'preventing Frauds, and regulating Abides, in the Plantation Trade.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Anthony Lari of Kent, and Henry Grey his Son and Ileir apparent, to make a Jointure for Jemima^ Wife oi the said Henry Grey, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Orcered, That Air. Trtdenham do carry the Pill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this Iloufe hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

WestThorock A Petition of the Poor of Cobham College, and the Pro-Inundation. prietors of Lands now under-water, in I Vest Thorock, in the County of Esse.i\ w as presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, in Aorem. l dp4, the now Petitioners did petition the House; lotting forth, That, in December 1690, a general Inundation happened, which broke dov^n the Banks, next the River ol Thames, and overflowed above 1,000 Acres of Land from Pur fleet to St. Clement's Church in I Pest Thorotk; and a great Shelf of Earth is thereby made in the Thames; and that the vi Water then and ttill continued on the Lands, although the Petitioners had expended above 3,000l. to recover the ..... And that the Lord Mayor, and Commissioners of Sewers, as Conservators of the said River, had decreed the Lands to pay 6d. an Acre, or their Lands to be lbldf, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament for that Purpose, towards repair of the Banks, and removing the Shelf, which was in Danger of prejudicing the Navigation; al-# though the Repairs would colt above double as much as the Lands were worth: That the said Petition was referred to the Consideration of a Committee; who came to a Report, and several Resolutions, to this Effect; viz. That the Petitioners had fully proved their Petition; and that they were fit Objects of Relief; and that the Shelf in the River of Thames was a great Prejudice to the Navigation, and worthy the Consideration of the House; But some Persons, that had purchased the Petitioners Estates, who were minded to obstruct the Petitioners Proceedings, got the Matter re-committed, for Delay; which took such Erfebt, that, by rcalon of his Majesty's emergent Affairs abroad, the Parliament was prorogued lie fore the Petitioners could have any Fruit of their laid Proceedings: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises; it beingimpofliblefor the Petitioners to repair the said Banks without the Assistance of the House.

And a Motion being make, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred Vol. XI.

4r5

to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; anti report the same to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

‘Mr. liahhyn reported from the Committee, to whom Ifavne*s the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard HaynesEftjuire to settle a Jointure on his now Wile; and to exchange Lands with the Trustees of Thomas Stevens Esquire, defeated; was committed; That they had examined and considered the lame; and made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 4. L. 12, after " Barn," insert " Outhouse."

L. 13, alter " Brownes,'insert " now in the

" Occupation of the said Richard Ihcynes'

L. 15, leave out " Tarrocks,"and insert " Pud-

" docks."

': L. 18, leave out " Four," and Insert "Five."

L. 21, after " Tenements," inlert " Stable " and Orchard."

L. 26, after " Hill," iiilert "now in the Oecupation of ObruliahIViilia ley'

Mr. Hint acre reported from the Committee, to whom Stoughton the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for &c- Kuate veiling the Estate late of Sir Nicholas Stoughton and-Sir Laurence Stoughton Baronets, deceased, in Trustees, to be Ibid. for the Payment of their Debts and railing Portions for the Daughters of Sir Nicholadeccaled, w as committed. That they had examined and considered -the fame, and made an Amendment; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in ;his Pkice; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as fol-ioweth; viz.

Before the Saving, add Clause A: That nothing in the Act shall avoid any Settlement made by Sir

ton for the Benefit of his late Wife, now the Wife of

WalhinfonPay ter Esquire.

) ,

A Bill to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to BnmfeiJd's make, renew, and fill up, Leafesof the Estate of Sir Cop- Elute, pleston JVancick Bumfeild Boronet, during his Minority; and for laying out the Monies, raised thereby, in Purchases to he settled to the iaiue Uics the said Estate nour is; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Makers of broad Glass, Glass Bottles, putie!?ori and other Glass W ares, in and near Stourbridge, in the Gluts, Ac. County of !Harvester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, heretofore, the Petitioners used to employ many Thousands of People in getting Wood-athes, Clay, and other Materials used in making Glals "Wares, which they always fold, until, by an Act of the last Parliament, a Duty was laid upon Glass Wares, and Coals; since which, they have not fold half the Quantity as they fold before; which much lcliens the broad Glals Trade: That the Glass-Bottie Trade is quite stopped; the Makers, who used to fell, 20 d. the Dozen, Quart BotJ ties, cannot now fell for above 2 s. the Dozen, notwithstanding the said Duties: so that their said Trade will be ruined, and many Thousands of Families, whole foie Livelihold depends thereon, will be impoverished: And praying the Consideration of the House, and fj>eedy Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the (Committee appointed to consider of the Aci-, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glals Wares, Stone and Earthen

Bottles,

4* 6- 27° — 2 8° Janmrii. A. 1695.

Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France', and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Jenkins' Mr. Price, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for veiling the Estate of Newce aa

Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for buying another Estate: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

Suppl

Land

Bill;

'ax.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of 4#. in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against was committed;

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon some were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House.

And an Amendment, touching the Clause relating to the Universities and Hospitals, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee therein;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUersfor theYeas^:"'*' }»«

Tellers for the Noes, {cotaneTperrj/: } '57-

So it passed in the Negative.

And some other Amendments were made to the Bill at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingulfed.

Recovery of A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and SmallTythes. Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes, with some Amendments: To which they defiie the Concurrence of this House: Also,

Election* — That they have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Double to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve Returns. jn Parliament, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

-be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Darwent and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of iu Navigation,

the County of Derby, was presentd to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, if it should pass, will in a great measure, ruin their Market; and put a stop to tire Laud-carriage of Commodities, by which many Families fubfifr, and pay their Rents: And praying,

That they may be heard, by Counsel, to make good their Objections agafifft the Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the find Bill is committed,

A Petition of the Gentry, Lead-merchants, Freehold- Ditto, ers, Miners, and others concerned in the Trade of Lead, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now before the House, for making the River Darwent, in the county of ,

..... will be of great Convenience and Advantage to all the Countries adjacent, by reducing the Charge of Land-Carriage of Stone, Lead, Iron, and other ponderous Commodities, which impair the Highways: That it will encourage Trade, and advance the Rents of Lands; and prejudice nobody without making them Satisfaction,

That those who are employed in the Land-carriage, may be otherwise as profitably employed: And praying the Consideration of the Iioule in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Ditto, others, in the County Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, if passed, will be of great Damage to the Petitioners, in abating the Price of Com, especially Barley; out of which they are paid, and do pay their Rents: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, before the Palling of the said Bill; the same being many other ways prejudicial to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

CoumittcM. A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 28* Januarii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

QLEMENT Bohen and Thomas Viroit took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Darwent A Petition of the Ship-Masters, Ship-Carpenters, and Navigation, other Inhabitants of Stoc in the Counties of Nottingham and Lincolne, was presented to the House, and read; "setting forth, That the Bill now depending in the House, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will be an exceeding great Damage to the Petitioners, whole chief Subsistence is by Vessels carrying Lead, and other Commodities, upon the River Trent: and that the said Bill will be a greater Prejudice thao Advantage to most People: And praying, That they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

A Petition of several of the Lead-merchants, Cheese- Ditto, mongers, and others, Traders in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, who trade into the Counties of Derby, Stafford, Warwick, wad Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the Rjver Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will not only be a great Advantage and Convenience^ to the Countries thereabouts, but a general Good to the Kingdom; for that the Petitioners, who trade in great Quantities of Lead, Iron, Cheese, and Butter, from the said Counties, could afford those Commodities at much cheaper Rates, if it were not for the great Charge of Land-carriage: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said River navigable is committed.

Sir John Kay, according to Order, presented to the Ease of House a Bill for the Ease of Jurors; and better Regulating of Juries: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stoughton's, for vesting the Estate late of Sir Nicholas Stoughton and &c‘ Kftilte' Sir Lawrence Stoughton Baronets, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of their Debts, and railing Portions for the Daughters of the said Sir Nicholas Stoughton, was read the Third time.

Resolved,

9

7

W. III.

28° Januarii.

417

invent

ivi^aun

Upon the Petition of Mayne Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of James Herbert Esquire to serve for the Borough of The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That, at the Poll taken, there was,

For Mr. Herbert ..... 178.

For Mr. Mayne - 162.

__________ But it was iniiited on, by the Petitioner, That several

to ea&ble'Richard Haynes Esquire to settle a Jointure on Performs that were not qualified had voted for the Sitting

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendment, do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. TVhitacre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Committee*, Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Hayne's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

EftfltCt - 1 I JT'l f_7

itto.

Coort*

Huron.

Marshal's

Court.

Shipwrights,

Ac.

his now Wife; and to exchange Lands with the Trustees of Thomas Stevens Esquire, deceased; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with several Amendments: To w'hich they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ascertain the Jurisdiction of Courts Baron; and regulate Proceedings in inferior Courts, in Actions under Forty Shillings: And that Mr. Manly, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate and restrain the Proceedings in the King's Court of the Palace at Westminister, called the MarshaPs Court:

Member; and that several Irregularities had been praftifea in that Election.

It was at first insisted on, by the Petitioner, That the Right of Election w as in the* Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot; but they could bring no Evidence to prove the Right of Election lb restrained.

And the Sitting Member produced, as Witnesses,

John Higgins and Eduard Cotton: Who proved, That the Ufege of the said Borough, for 40 Years last past, was. That the Housekeepers, not receiving Collection, used to vote; and that none that did not live in a House of 50 a Year paid to the Church and Poor in And,

Barman, Noye, and Church: Who said, it was agreed by the Candidates, That such as had not received Collection within 12 Months should vote.

That the Petitioner's Counsel admitted, That the Ufege had been so for 40 Years last past.

Mead and Dickson testified, That Mr. Dickson, w'ho was chose a Scrutineer, did, after the Poll was over, the

And that Colonel Perry and Mr. Whitacre do prepare, feme Night, take a Scrutiny, and had made several Ex-

and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Brotherson, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Shipwrights and other Workmen belonging to his Majesty's Yards at Woolwich and Deptford; and also, of

ceptions to several of the Sitting Member's Voters; but one Church, that voted for Mr. Herbert, and appeared at the Election for him, thatched away the Paper of Exceptions, because Mr. Dickson would not agree, that they should be sealed up with the Poll: But Mr. Dickson

Michael Calvert and John Dingle, on behalf of themfe'lyes nedi (hat he had % ned the Indenture for returning and the rest of the Shipwrights, and other Workmen, be "®r*

Oaths of Supremacy in Ireland.

Darwent

Navigation.

Ways and Means.

Aylesltogr

Election.

longing to his Majesty's Yard at Chatham, and other adjacent Places in the County of Kent; were referred; the Matter, as the feme appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said IJeport do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Robert Johnson Esquire, on the behalf of himself, and other the Protestants of Ireland, was pre-lented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Defigri of a Petition, presented to the House by some Irishpopilh Gentlemen, is, to introduce great Numbers of Irish Papists into the free Practice of the I^aw in Ireland; and to -repeal a Statute made to prevent the Dangers that might arise from such an Encouragement: And praying to be heard against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Dennis Daly and Edmund Malone Esquires is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Clarke, Mr. Colt, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Dolben, Sir Gilbert Clark, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, is committed.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for earn ing on the War against France.

Colonel Granvill, according to the Order of the Day reported, from the Committee of privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, as the same appeared to the Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; vix.

Vo 1.XI.

That then the Petitioner proceeded to disqualify several of the Sitting Member's Voters: And produced, Henry Mills: Who said. That Charles lived in

the feme House with him; but did not pay Rent to him, but to his Mother, whose House it w'as: That Mills bim-self voted: So the Question was, which of them Two ought to vote for that House.

Ely Rolf feid, That William Stocker took a House, but Nine Days before the Election, at 12$. a Year Rent.

Eliz. Bayly feid, She knew John Hatton, and that ha lived with Goldsworth:

But Win. Spencer, being called as a Witness, on behalf of the Sitting Member, said, That Hatton's was always reckoned a distinct Tenement; and that he watched and warded.

Wm. Lee said, That Edward Edwards lived with his Father, Wm. Cowper.

But the said Spencer feid, The feid Edwards was a Housekeeper, and watched and warded.

That John Colson was no Housekeeper."

But Spencer laid, He was a Housekeeper, and watched and warded j and his Mother had yielded up the House, to him.

That Charles Noye was no ftoufekeeper: But owned, He received the Toll of the Market, and was Constable, the last Year.

John Hawkes feid, That John Smith was an Inmate to Samucll Stevens:

But Daniel Delafeild feid, Stevens was the Inmate and Smith the Housekeeper.

Robert Dodd said, TJJiat Francis Edtm was no Housekeeper:

But Delafeild feid, He was.

That Samuel Higgins was admitted no good Voter.

That John Bigg was a Servant, having run out all.

But Spencer said. He was a Housekeeper.

That Thomas Bell, Richard Robinson, and Thomas Collins were admitted to be no good Voters.

5 O

William

4x8 Januarii. 1693.

JVitligmLee kid, He knew - Sanders, and; that

' he was an Inmate to his Mother.

Thomas Dyke laid, Gabriel White was an Inmate with his Mother: -

'But Spencer said, He was a Housekeeper, and watched and warded.

Rp. Holland said, Matthew was a Servant

to his Mother: and ihe had all for her Life:

But Win.Goldfinch said, Hitchindale was aq Afifeffor with him to the Aid-Tax, and paid to Church and Poor.

Joseph Brasbridges said, That John was no

‘Inhabitant; having taken a House, but gave no Notice according to the Statute: That he took a house about 5 I.

a Year, and lived there Half a Ycqr> and was warned out:

But Wm. Goldfinch said, lie took the Reversion of a House of 6/. a Year, for 16 Years; and paid the Duties of the Town; and went away, because the Town could not maintain his Trade.

That Robert Payton was admitted to be no good Voice.

That Richard Good was admitted no good Voice.

Thomas Ovh/tsaid, He found John Miles, John Medley John Murrell, John Bell, and John Fen fall, in the Poors

Book, to have received Collection; and particularly Bell often; and all since Lady-Day 1604:

But Goldfinch laid, Miles was not in the Poors Book.

That the Petitioner then endeavoured to make out several Irregularities in the said Election.

Mr. Mayne junior said, That about Four Days before the ElcClion, Tho. Wildgoosecame to him, and brought Three or Four with him, and said he would frrve the Petitioner, and bring them over, if the Petitioner would consider him for the Lol's of his Time; that he, the said Mr. Mayne, laid, The Petitioner could not do that, but, it may be, might, help him in his Trade; and that Wild goose told him, if the Petitioner would not do it, the other Side w ould; and, on the Monday after, lie told him, the said Mr. Mayne, He had proinifed Mr. Herbert his Voice:

That Thomas Ball, who voted for the Petitioner at the last Election, Three Days before this Election, had proinifed tq vote for the Petitioner; but afterwards lie told the said Mr. Mayne junior, That he had receivedTwo threatening Letters from Sir John Paddington; and said, He was sorry he could pot vote for the Petitioner, but he inuft not ruip himself.

Susan Duncombe and Eliz. Bayly said, That Tho. man a iked Giles Reed to be. for Mr. Herbert-, upon which Reed told him, that there was 1 o. s. due to him since the last Election; andy if Mr-. did not pay it him,

.he would not be for him; whereupon, Hickman promised to pay him the said 10 s.and that Reed voted for Mr. Herbert-, hut could hot say, whether the ioj. was paid him.

And Susan Duncomb said, Edward Edum-ds voted far , Mr. Herbert, bec^ufejiehad giyen him a black Pig:

Biit Wm. Bell laid., Hq made a Chop for that Pig with Thomas Sheny.

: Eliz, Byylf also said,. That. James Brandon's Wife /peaking to her Hufbaud, not to lose his Time, he told her, he was paid for it; and would have 2 more, if he voted for Mr, Herbert: *

That Richard Kemjister, Friday Night before the Election. laid, He had deligned for Mr. Maynebut Mrs*. iddrington had promised him a Coat; and, because her ulband had not done wearing of it, and ilie did not give jt him, he voted for Mr. Herbert.

Richard Bates, Daniel Parry, said, That Thomas Downy)had a Messenger.sent to him, that if he would come down, he (liould return lately: Suppoles he owed Money; and that they would fetjsfy Goody who.le

Ann was broke by him: And,

Wm Livdon laid. He saw Mr. Herbert give Daxcny a Guinea the Day after the Election.

Eduard Larin said, he law Mr. Herbert give Mathew Little, that voted for him, fopje.Money; and be put it into his Pocket without looking on it: That' Mr. Herbert 16

said nothing upon giving of it; but gave it at the White-Hart, the Room being full of People.

Mr. Maine junior said, Lillie promised to vote for the Petitioner, but voted for Mr. Herbert.

John Haxckes said, John Colsill con felled, One of my Lord Carnarvon's Servants had taken away a Net from him; and that Mr. fines, my Lord's Gentleman, told hitn. If he would vote for Mr. Herbert, he flioutd be paid for it: The Net was valued at 15s.: And that Colsill gave his Vote, upon that Account, for Mr. Herbert; otherwise he defigtied to vote for Mr. Mayne:

But Mr. Fines, being called in by the Sitting Member,

said, he knew not of any Net taken from him, nor had ottered him any Money for it.

That, on behalf of the Sitting Member, was produced, against the Evidence of Duncomb ami Bayly, as to Reed;

Goldfinch, Church: who testified, That they were present at the Time mentioned by Duncomb and Bayly; and that they did not hear Reed fev. That he would not vote for Mr. Herbert, unless he paid him the io.v.; but, on the contrary, that he said, there was 10 due to him for Drink drawn for Mr. Herbert, sit the last Election; but, however, he would be again for him now, though he was not paid for it.

Hickman, and Reed, said to the same Effect; and denied any Promile to pay him the ioa\ as testified by Duncomb and Bayly:

Ro. Mead, and Oviat: Said, That Hickman acted very much for Mr. Herbert.

Ro. Holland laid, Goldfinch told the People, That what Drink they drew for Mr. Herbert, they should be paid for.

George Bahhvyn said, That ZWhit null told him.

He had a s.for voting for Mr. Herbert, given him by a Person he did not know, at the White Hart Inn, used by Mr. Herbert.

Thomas Williams said, Whitmdid ow n. He had Money to be for Mr. Herbert; but-would not tell the same till be came before the Parliament; that afterwards he confdfed it to Mf. Wharton, and the next Day told it to Balihcyn;that at first he laid, lie had ,r>s. for drumming; but afterwards said, He had 5-J; before for his Voice.

That, by way of Answer to which, for the Sitting Member, was produced.

Zachary Whitmill: Who said, That he had received no other 5 s.of Mr. Herbert, hut .5 the Wednesday after the Election, for drumming; but he had been drinking at Pratt's House, and was -in Beer; and Pratt told him, If he would coufefs he. voted for Mr. Herbert for Bribery, he should want nothing of Gold or Silver.; and named 201.; and Witliams laid, He would engage for the 20 /.: And further said, That if he did fey he had .5 for voting for Mr. Herbert, if was on Account of the 20 /. promised him:

But Thomas IVittiams, being produced by the Sitting Member, denied that he had said any thing about the 2p: And,

John IVkkson said, That he was by, all the Time, that it was said the Discourse was about the 201.and that he heard no such Discourse:

Ri.Heydon, and Church, said, That after

he came from Mr. JVharton's, did say. That would have hired him to lay, he was-bribed; and' that, if he would but own he had Money to vote lor Mr. Herbert, it should be 201, in his Way.

John Sheene said, That Charles Noye offered him 40 s. to vote for Mr. Herbert, whereof 17 -y- he had then in his Pocket; and that he told it within Two or Three Days after to Oviat fThdtA'fe/ had offered hitn the '40 y.

And Oviat laid. That Sheen had told him, That A 'ey had ottered him 4a s.as testified by Sheene.

Brasbridge laid, That Charles Noy was for;

and told him, They were fain to promise Mr. Herbert thsft if he did not. carry it, it should colt him nothing.

That, to answer which Evidence of there was

produced, by the Sitting Member;

Andrew

7 W. Ill-

a9A — 29° Jahuarii.

Andrew , Ri. Hadddh: y^ho lai& That John, Sheene had no Vote: That he had a Child borti, and disabled himself to pay upon the Act of Births and Burials; and did receive Collection.

But Alexander North, Overseer of the Poor, laid, That Sheen had received no Collection sincelaft; nor

tlid know that ever he did: ,

Goldfinch laid, That he heard Sheen anliver, fe one that, asked him if he had received Money, that he had received nothing of any body for his Voice; but laid, the Devil was in People for lying:

Wm.Litidon said, That, at the Election-day, he went to the Market-hall, and was for Mr. Mayne; and that they would let in only who they thought fit; ami that thq Marquis of Carmarthen came up to him, and laid, He would make an Example of him, and shook his Fift at. hits). And, %

Ro. Todd and John Pratt, the Two Constables, said, The Marquis of Carmarthen did threaten to ruin them, and fetch them up, if they did not' return Mr. Herbert.

Wm. Litulon, Wm. Cox, said. That Harry Goodson, that was for Mr. Mayne, was made drunk by Mr.

Friends, and did not vote at all.

That for the Sitting Mem tier was called,

Charles Noy: Who said, That there were several Persons of Quality at this Election, as was usual; and named the Marquis of Carmarthen', the Earl of Abingdon, Mr. Wharton, and Colonel Gods rey.

Wm. Church said, That Mr. Wharton, Sir Tho. Lee, and other Gentlemen, being at his House, the.,14 the Fair-day; and Mr. Sommer fell into a Passion, and: asked, If all there were not Friends? And if he was, not, he would declare: Whereupon, he said. Sir Tho. Lee was sure of his Voice, but he would relerve.his Voice as to

JH9

Half ^ear; but he brought his tyife and Child to his Aylwbory Mother, and jjie. maintained Jilin and them: Election.

That Henry Bayly his Grandfather carried him a Bed, topiake higj.aTqter: ,

.That tJphii Prytt and Wm..Symonds live both in one

Houfo, and, both voted for the Petitioner; .

That FchiardBrorum boards, wjtl} John Bigg'.) ,

That John Browns Cirgupiftapces^ere the same with ffetcington's; he having lived at Ay but about Half

a Year. , L., ;.

John Bigg laid, Edward Brown boarded with him.

Edward Cotton laid. That he had inspected the Re-gift er, and finds Wm.Bowton, Tho. Wray, Ja. to be und?r Age. , y.

That the Petitioner's Counsel said, Tha.t they had Evidence to jqftify many of the Votes objected. to by tho Sitting Member; but it was much of the same Nature, as the £videqce given by the Sitting Member to justify the Votes objected to by the Petitioner: But the Petitioners!

Counsel did not much insist to have them heard; nor the Committee think it very material.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these ftesolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,.

That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylisbury in »tho Couty of,

Bucks, is in all the Householders of the said Borough, not receiving Alms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That James Herbert Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aylisbury.;

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second ti, me, vyere, upon, the Question severally put thereupon.

the other: Thereupon, >Mr. Wharton said^: Church, fit' agreed unto by the House. down; we have no Need of your Voice; I bid Defiance to'any Gentleman, that shall oppose us. fiere: Bqt Church

did confess, that Mr. Wharton did tell Mr. Sommer, That

was pot their Business.

Charles Noy, John Higgins, said, They were Constables last Year, and chosen by the Leet; and yet were put out-at the Sessions'before they had served their Year, though never furomoned, nor petitioned against, nor had desired' to be discharged; and Two others, strong Men for Sir-Thomas Lee and Mr. Mayne, made Constables,

And Buhnan said, Mr. Dormer was in the Chair of the Sessions.

Charles Noy and Norris. Fines said, The Scrutiny was adjourned from Monday Night to Nine next Day, and

theri adjourned again; that, on Tuesday. Evening, they met* Morning next.. ,:

again, and Mr. Mayne's Constables withdrew themselves;' . Colonel ffranpilf ailp acquainted thp House, That he -

that the (a) (Six] Constables went to Mr. Herbert at? wjas directed by. the said Committee to move, That they.

Eleven a Clock on Night, and' decjarkl, That'nmy have Leave to (it again.

they had found him and Sir Thihrids Lee elected,"and Ibat^ ., Refothis tHouse, will, this Day Sevepnight, they would all sigh the Retdrd bh the Morrdw:^Tljat the resolve itl^lf intp a poipinittee of the whole House to,

Marquis of Carvmrthen ' wept out of Town about One a" cofifider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to

Clock, and did not return tillaftcrwards/ Trade.

That then the Sitting Meip^r proceeded tq disqualify , . , .; /.

several of the Petitioner's Voters,: And called^ . 1 . Refo, That this House. will,. Tomorrow Seven- incouragiuf John Higgins; Who feid/That.Mr. Couperf\aj^ con- }night, relhlyp itself intpa Committee of the whole Jdoufe, Seamen,

veyed his House to the Use of Edwardses Children, and toconsider of the Bill for the Increase and Encouragement ~ ' of Seamen.

The House, according Jo the Order of the Day, re- State of th* fqlved itself into a. Committee of the whole House, to Nation, consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade. :j ,. ....

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.;

Colonel Granvill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.s Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granvill reported from the said Committee,.

T^iat they had;made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had cpma to several Resoluftons;. which they had directed him to report, when the House1! wjllnleafe to receive the same. . , /V

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday

Edwards kept him. - ,.

William Bell said, That Edzcard Finch was noTlpufe-keeper, but his Father was, the 'iloulekeepei^ ,

Goldfinchsaid( That Thomas 'ffcate,

John Welman, received Collection: , n

That William Wildgodsehad' a'Fall from a House, and

did receive Collection: ? { i ini. .; i/i

That SamilcliWeaver, Jamies Frame, did* receive Collection: ,

.That he had seen Jefery his Name in the Poors Book'; but could not lay the Time: '

That Thomas Jackson was no Housekeeper, but Jived a little while with Wm. Dancer:

And then, the Hpufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 29* die Januarii;

! 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters. 1

i AS opETITION of several Perfotisliving at, - Preventing

JiV. Dean, in the Cotmty of Somerset, on behalf of

little while with Wm. Dancer:^ - ,lL. themselves, and jnany others dealing in the Woollen

That Alex ander Duncombwas no Housekeeper was to Manufacture, was presented to the House, and readfet-

..... ting'forth,'That there is a Bill now depending in the House,

for

Woi>V

(a) Supplied from! tbs Original

VOL.XI.

for preventing the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Importation of Wool from; by which

Bill it is designed, as informed, to make the Town of Minehead to‘be the Staple where Wool from Ireland shall be landed: That the Port of Bridgewater lies more advantageous and convenient for that Purpose, not only for the Petitioners, but all Persons dealing in Wool, within the said County: And praying, That they may be heard before the Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Hackney The Lord Combury reported from the Committee, to Coachmen, whom the Petition of Thomas Kemp, and others, on behalf of themselves, and other the ancient licensed Hackney Coachmen, was referred, That they had examined the Matter thereof; and were of Opinion, That the Petitioners had fully proved the Allegations contained in their Petition; and had directed him to report the Matter to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Committee examined several Witnesses to prove the Allegations of the Petitioners -, viz.

Edward Phipps, Who infonned the Committee, That he was one of the ancient 400 Hackney Coachmen: And he petitioned the late Commissioners for a Licence; but was denied by them, unless he would give Ten Guineas over and above the King's Fine.

Edward Smith: Who said, That he petitioned the late Commissioners for a Licence; but could not obtain one, unless he would give Fifteen Guineas over and above the Fine.

Mary Piggott: That (he applied herself to one Mrs. Pecwlet, who was an Agent for the late Commissioners to dispose of Licences; and the said Mrs. Powlet did promise her, That lhe should have a Licence upon Payment of 56/.: Whereupon the said Mary Piggott did procure the fame, and paid it to Mrs. Pawlet; but, when lhe had got the Money into her Hands, (he would neither procure the said Piggot a Licence, nor yet return her the 56/.; but keeps the same in her Hands to this Day.

Eliz. Goodman: That her Husband petitioned for a Licence, and the Commissioners directed him to go to Mr. KUligrew, who agreed that he should have a Licence for 60 Guineas: Whereupon, Goodman afterwards came to him, and brought him the 60 Guineas, thinking to have the Licence according to Agreement; but the said Mr. KUligrew told him, He came too late, for that he had dif-poled of the Licence to another.

The Lord Combury also acquainted the House, That the Committee had directed him to move. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the said Petitioners Relief: And that the Lord Combury do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Hedger have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absenc*-

Ordered, That Sir Justinian Ishave Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers, Sir Benj. Nezvland, Mr. Garbling Harcourt, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Brotherton, Sir John Spice*' Bucknall, Mr. Taylor, Sir Wm.Cooper, Sir Steph. Evans,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Harley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the West-India Merchants is referred.

A Bill for the Ease of Jurors; and the better Regu- Eafeof lating of Juries; was read the Fiift time. Juror*.

Resolved, That the Bill b£ read a Second time.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Reverting solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Judgment consider of the Bill for feverfing a Judgment against Sir William Williams; and asserting the Rights and Freedom of Parliament

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Holies took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Bolles reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

It being reporter!, from the Committee appointed to A Person draw up the Impeachments against the Lord Be/haven, committed and others, That Roderick Mackcnzee had endeavoured to suppress the Evidence he had given against the said fUppreis Persons voted to be impeached; Evidence.

Resolved, That the said Roderick be, for the said Crime, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sand's Eftaw. Sir John Franklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Moiety of the Manor of Sheplon-Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and a divided Moiety of the Manor of Wells, in the said County, in Trustees, to be sold, for

Payment of a Mortgage charged thereon: and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wife of William Sands Esquire, and her Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Jenkins*

Estate.

.Stanhope kc. Nat.

Lord Pow-Estate.

A Bill for vesting the Estate of Newce Jenkins, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for buying another Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Arnold presented to the House a Bill for the naturalizing James Stanhop EsquirC, and others: And the same was received.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord Francis Pmvlet to charge his Estate with Provisions for his younger Children, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- yp.iys an(1 solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means.

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, "

That they bad made a further Progrefe in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon this Day . Sevennight. '

Sir Thomas Littleton allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may hays Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That, this House, will, upon Monday Morning

next,

ft.

h

Flee

Girl

fa

7 W. III. 29 — 319 Januaril 421

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War aguinl't France.

Committee#. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the ^'^Ir^ j

Tellers for the Noes.j^ / 6x

Soitpaffed in the Negative*

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 31° die Januarii;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Duty cm A PETITION of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Aldermen, Coals. ' jlV. and Citizens, of the City of Nonrich, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That, by an Act passed the last Parliament, a Duty of 5.9. per C haldron is laid upon Coals; without which, the Price of Coals here is double what it used to be in time ol Peace; and the Firing of that Country being little else than Coals, in all Likelihood, had not this W inter passed very favourable, the Power of the Magiftnites would not have been sufficient to have kept the Multitude of Poor in that City in any due Order: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Cousideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee ap|>ointed to consider of the Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France; and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto.

Dr. Hafcard Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to

thanked. Doctor Hascard, Dean of Windsor, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, Yesterday. at St* Mar-gar el's, Westminster: And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Sandjord and Mr. BackwtU do acquaint them therewith.

Sianh^pe's, A Bill for the Naturalizing of James Stanhope Esquire, &c. Nat. and others, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

San<W An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Hitate. for vesting a Moiety of the Manor of Slupton-Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and a divided Moiety of the Manor of Wells, in the said County, in Trustees to be sold, for Payment of a Mortgage charged thereof); and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wife of William Sarnies Esquire, and her Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fines of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ancient De- proclaiming Fines levied of Lands, in ancient Dcmdne me e n s* and making them Bars to Titles, as other Fines are by the Statute of Henry the Seventh: And that Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Garbling Ordered, That Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Spices. Sir Rich* Onslow, Mr. Etterkk, Mr. Price, Mr. How, Mr. Verney, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Sandjord, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Bloftild, Mr. Periy, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the West-India Merchants: And all that come are to have Voices.

Vo 1, XI.

Sir John Bolles, according to the Order of the Dav, Pcverfing. reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to Ju'^nfic"|r whom the Bill for reverting the Judgment against Nr w* \\iiLuims-William Williams: and for averting the Riglcs and Freedom of Parliament; was committed; the Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gery reported from the Committee, to whom the Warner's ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Ellate* enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Ettute of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for preferring the rest for the Benefit of his Heir; was committed; That they had examined and confiJered the fame; and had made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L 40, leave out " Knight," and insert " Baronet."

Pr. 3. L. 29, after "Title," insert "Tenure, Service."

The Bill w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, dopafe.

Ordered, That Mr. Gery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Ease of House a Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of Sheriffs, their Office, and passing their Accounts.

The Bill w'as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Colonel Granville reported, from the Committee of Sandwich Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Election for the Port of Sandwich, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Thurbarne, Serjeant at Law, complaining of an undue Return for the Port of Sandwich:

The Committee have examined the Matter of that Election.

That the Poll was thus;

For Mr. Taylor - - - - 219

For Mr. Brent - - - - 169

For Mr. Serjeant Thurbarne - - 147

But the Petitioner infilled, That many of the Sitting Members Voices had been gained by ill Practices; which Voices, so gained, not being allowed, would give the Petitioner the Majority.

Ralph Goodchild, produced on behalf of the Petitioner, said, That, a great while before the Writ came down, and he believes it might be a Month before the Election, at the Desire of some of Mr. Taylor's Friends, he went to Mr. Taylors House, with an Account of what Men they thought they could engage for him: And that Mr. Tctiflor said to him, and, as he believes, Mr. Paramour, Mr.

Mandy, and Mr. Gregg, were by, That he heard some got Places of Profit by being Parliament-men; and that if the Town chose him, and he got any, he would give Half to the Corporation, and 20/. a Year to the Poor: and give the Corporation a Treat, upon the Day he was chosen, every Year: That Mr. Taylor bid him speak of it; and, accordingly, he did make Use of it to

5 P persuade

Sandwich

Election.

422 31° Januarii. A. 1695-

persuade several to vote for Mr. Taylor: That lie himself voted for Mr. Taylor, and designed to do (b before he had made those Promises: And laid, He believes he saw Bills of Charges on Mr. Taylors (a) [Account], amounting to 300l. and that Crickett was Mr. Taylors Agent.

Nicholas Tisden said, That Mr. , the Day before

the Elefition, declared, Mandy being present, If he got a Place of 1,000l. or 500l. a Year, as he hoped he should, or whatever it was. he would give it Half to the Town: And Crickett said, He would give his Bond, that

Mr. Taylor should spend 40 or 50/. a Year upon the Town, and also give 20/. to the Poor: And that fitting by, said. He would drink Serjeant Thurbarrts Health, but he durst npt vote for him; for, if he did, they would never employ him again.

John Chapman said, That Cricket did declare, That Mr. Taylor had promised; and that he the said Cricket would give his Bond; as above testified: And that, on account of his voting for Mr. , Crickett had received 4 os.of Ricksy, and paid it in Part of a Debt of 7 owing

from him the said Chapman to the Serjeant: But he acknowledged, Cricket was bound with him for it:

But it did not appear, That Mr. Brent had any-ways employed Cricket.

Peter Cricket. John Mooresaid, The Mayor went to several Pei Ions, to desire them to vote for Mr. Brent: And Moore owned, That he himself had spoke to several to be for the Serjeant.

Isaac Clarke, Ja. Jenkinson, John Stone, said, That a Letter was read as from Sir Cloudsly Shovell; by which they pretended, that all the Seamen that would not vote for Mr. Brent should be pressed: And Ricksey, and others, were by at the Reading of the Letter; and some Seamen were feared out of Town at it:

But Mr. Ricksey produced the Letter; which, he said, he read; and was the same mentioned before:

And it being read to the Committee, it was only recommendatory of Mr. Brentwithout any Threatening, or Promise.

John Vatchelor said, George who voted, and

made an Interest, for Mr. Brent, tendered him Two Half-crowns to vote for Mr. Brentand Mr. Ricksey and Mr. Fisher were by: And was threatened to be ruined, because he would not vote against the Serjeant:

But Nicholas, Vatchelor's Brother, said, He had heard

his Brother John declare, That Broderly had offered him no Money.

William Hutton said, He had an old Debt of Three Pounds odd Money owing from Daniel Curser; and, he dying, the Debt became dubious: And that the said Hutton was offered to have the Debt paid, if he should vote for Mr. Tayler.

That, for the Sitting Members, was produced;

John Crickett: Who said, That he was at Mr. Taylors House, when the Freemen desired him to stand, and brought him a List of i 80 Men that would vote for him: That they told him, they thought it would be a great Charge, the Town being used to Drink; and Mr. Taylor laid, If he thought it would cost him 150/. he would not lay in for it: That he had a Letter from Mr. Taylor, not to treat; but no Letter, to treat: That he was Chapman's Godfather; and was bound with Chapman to the Serjeant for the 7/. and borrowed 4os. of Ricksey to pay the Serjeant; and gave Ricksey a Note for it; and has Chapman's Counter-bond as to the 7 /.: That he might say Mr. Taylor had made such Promise, as afore testified, and that he would be as good as his Word; but offered no Bond.

Mr. Mandy, being produced, denied that he was at Mr. Taylor's House with Goodchilde: But said, That feme Persons gave out, That Mr. Taylor was for a general Excise; Others, That he was a Courtier: That he cleared himself of the Excise: As to the other, fays Mr. Taylor, Do you think I would leave an Employment I was in, for an Office at Court ? To which one, whole Name, Mandy thinks,

) Supplied from the original Report.

was Wright, replied, But what is that to us? Yes, fays Mr. Taylor, it shall be to you: for I will give all to you.

That Ramsgate, a Member of Sandwich, had been made a flourishing Town by Mr. Taylors Means; and they were in Hopes, if Sandwich chose him a Parliament-man, he would transfer his Kindness to them, and engage some Families to come and live there; Sandwich, wanting Inhabitants.

Mr. Paramour said, He had acted for Mr. Taylor:

That Colonel Pargrave and he went to wait upon Mr.

Taylor; being come to live in those Parts: And that Mr. Taylor said, He would willingly be acquainted with the Mayor and Jurats of Sandwich; and that he would spend Five or Ten Pounds upon them: That it was answered, It would cost him more; there being a Discourse that the Freemen would invite him to (land for Parliament-man: That, after Mr. Taylor had paid some Bills, he said, He did not think it would stand with his Reputation to spend Money to be a Parliament-man; and that as to Two or Three hundred Pounds, which some expected should be paid by Mr. Taylor, they would find, that he gave no Orders in it.

Thomas Barber junior said, That Sir Cloudsly s

Letter was read to Clerk, ami some others, to undeceive them; it being reported, That it contained other Matters than it did: And that he knew of nobody threatened to be pressed.

Thomas Barber fcnior, Mayor, said, That after the Precept came down, he acquainted his Brethren, and sent the Crier to summon the Freemen: And that, a little before the Close of the Poll, the Serjeant declared, he had loft it past Recovery: That he voted for the Serjeant and Mr. Brent: And that Chapman was an ill Man, and a pilfering fellow.

Rickard Hawker, the Town-Clerk, said, That Serjeant Thurbarne objected to the Five last Votes, and said, The Hospital-men might as well be polled as those.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Eduard Brent Esquire is duly elected one of the Barons of the Cinque Ports, to serve in this present Parliament, for the Port of Sandwich.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That John Taylor Esquire is duly elected one of the Barons of the Cinque-Ports, to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Sandwich.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary have Leave to Leave of

go into the Country for a Week, for Recovery of his Absence. Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa-lions.

A Petition of divers Sailmakers of London, on behalf Duty n« of themselves, and others using the same Trade, was pre- Sail-cloth, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners understand, that several Persons are endeavouring to get a Clause added to the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East-IndGoods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War against France, For laying an additional Duty on all Sail-Cloth imported; which will be greatly prejudicial to his Majesty's Navy, and the whole Navigation of the Nation; being very well satisfied, it is not possible for all the Persons that make Sail-Cloth in England to supply half his Majesty's naval Occasions; neither is the same to compare with Hollands Duck Sail Cloth for Goodness: And, if a

further

r

.ft

tnft

7 W. III. 31°

433

further Imposition be laid upon Holland's Duck, the same will be so excessive dear, that our English Merchants, as well as Foreigners, will make their Sails in Holland, which now make them here; to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families, who are many Hundreds; and will only promote those Persons private Interests: And praying. That they may be heard to offer their Reasons against the Passing of the said Clause.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War against France, is committed;

It palfed in the Negative.

State of Colonel Granvill, according to the Order of the Day,

the Nation, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go, with the

summoned. Mace, into Westminster-hall, and the several Courts, and Court of Request, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And the Serjeant went accordingly.

And, being returned with the Mace;

Resolutions The laid Resolutions of the said Committee; were read;

for a Council and are as follow; viz.

#f Trade. 1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Council of Trade be established, by Act of Parliament, with Powers for the more effectual Preservation of the Trade of this Kingdom.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners constituting the said Council of Trade shall be nominated by Parliament

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That none of the said Commissioners be of this House.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Commissioners do take an Oath, acknow-leging, That King William is rightful and lawful King of this Realm; and that the late King James hath no Right or Title thereunto; and that no other Person hath any Right or Title to the Crown, otherwise than according to the Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King WiVxam and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Council of Trade shall be impowered to require Information, and receive the Application, from Merchants and Traders, with respect to the Protection of all Ships going out, and returning.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Commissioners do fend their Directions for the Protection of Trade to the Lord High Admiral of England, or the Commissioners for executing that Office, which Directions are to be controulable by his Majesty, under his Sign Manual; or by such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall authorize, in the Administration of the Government, during his Majesty's Absence out of the Kingdom.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Commissioners be likewise impowered to receive Complaints, in relation to Trade, of the Milbe-haviour of Commanders and Officers; and to represent the same to his Majesty; or such Person or Persons as his Majesty shall authorize, in the Administration of the Government, during his Majesty's Absence out of the Kingdom; and fend their Directions to the Admiralty, for proceeding against Offenders according to Law.

Vol. XI.

8. Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the said Commissioners be likewise impowered to consider the Plantation Trade, and all other Trades and Manufactures; and the best Methods for focuring and improving the same to England.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Commissioners be likewise impowered to receive Proposals for the better employing, and letting oa Work, the Poor of this Kingdom.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Commissioners be likewise impowered to look into the Book of Rates, in order to the settling the Balance of Trade, for the Benefit of this Kingdom.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Commissioners be impowered to consider the best Methods of settling a Court-Merchant.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Commissioners have Power to consider how to regain, encourage, and establish, the Fiftiery.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the Committee, That the said Commissioners be likewise impowered to restrain all Merchants Ships from going out, but at certain Times, in Fleets, and with Convoys.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Commissioners be impowered to take Examinations upon Oath.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out " by Act of Parliament

And the Question being put. That those Words do stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That none of the said Commissioners be of this House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,}.«»

Te.lers for.he Noes>o9.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

iAnd the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Commissioners do take an Oath, acknowledging, That King William is rightful and lawful King of this Realm; and that the late King James hath no Right or Title thereunto; and that no other Person hath any Right or Title to the Crown, otherwise than according to the Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,}.8S.

Tellers for the Noes,}.

So it passed in the Negative.

The 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th, Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 1 oth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Commissioners be likewise impowered to look into the

Book

4^4 31 ° Januarii — 1° A, 1695.

Book «f Rates in order to the settling the Balance of Trade, for the Benefit of this Kingdom;

It passed in the Negative.

The llth and 12th Refohitions being federally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 13th Resolution being read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Commissioners be likewise impowered to restrain all Merchants Ships from going out, but at certain Times, in Fleets, and with Convoys;

It passed in the Negative.

The 14th Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Resolutions agreed unto by the House: And that Colonel do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Committees. , Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 1° (lie Februarii 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ffOHANN Gabriel K took the Oaths appointed, J in order to his Naturalization.

Bigg's Estate. Sir William Honeywood reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of Thomas Bigg and Eliz. his Wife, That they had examined and considered the fame, and found the Allegations thereof to be true; and had directed him to move the House for Leave to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Cafe of A Bill for the Ease of J urors; and the better Regulating

Jurors. of Jul ies; was read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Kay, Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir IVm. Sir John Fagg,

Sir Mann. JVyvell, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Sir C!u(. Hoiham, Mr. Wailington Mr. Whit acre. Sir

John Bolles, Sir God fry Copley, Air- Stockdale, Mr. hagh, Mr. Byerly, Air Bethel/, Mr. Sluter, Mr. St. Quin-tin, Mr. Ash, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Parker, Mr. Norris, Lord Fairfax, Air. liarrifon, Mr. Jennings, Sir Win. Honyxcood, Mr. Ai/laby, Lord Cornbury, Mr.

Thompson, Mr, Moncton, Mr. Foley, Mr. York, Sir William Hujller, Mr. Monjlev, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Gwyn,

Air. How, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Harley, Sir Carteret, Colonel Perry, Mr. Stonehouse, Colonel Granville, Mr. Booth; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause for the more ealy excusing of IAues of Jurors.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Com-.mittee, That they do receive a Clause or Clauses for preventing the Corruption of Juries.

Harwich Sir Eliah Harvey, according to Order, presented to the ltoada. House a Bill for Repair of the Highways between London and Harwich, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Alorning next

Avon Navi* Ordered, That the Bill for making the River Avon, in gatioa. the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and , navi-

24

gable, be read a Second time upon this Day Seven-night

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to Elections — the House a Bill to prevent irregular Proceedings of She- Irregularities ritfs, , and other Officers, in the electing and returning officer"6 Members to serve in Parliament. cers‘

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Droitwich House a Bill to explain several Doubts in an Act, made Salt-works, in the First Year of King William and Queen Mary, for the better regulating the Salt-works in Droitwich: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Alorning

next

Colonel Perry, according to Order, presented to the Marshal's House a Bill to regulate and restrain the Proceedings in Court, the King's Court of the Palace at Westminster, called the Alarihal's Court.

Die Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Frauds, and plantation* regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, be read a Trade. Second time upon Thursday Alorning next.

An ingrossed Bill for reversing the Judgment given Reverting against Sir Win. Wdliams, for what he did as Speaker of Judgment the House of Commons; and for asserting the Rights and Freedoms of Parliaments; was read the Third time. 1 ianB' An Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. L. 6, to leave out " Three," and insert " Two

And the same was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for revelling a Judgment given against Sir William Williams, for what he did as Speaker of the House of Commons; and for asserting the Rights and Freedom of Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir John Bollesdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting

forth. That the Petitioners Trade for Cioatiiing has been, for many Years past, a great Advantage, not only to the Nation, but to foreign Countries; because the Petitioners, by their Industry, coulJ fell cheaper Peny worths than their Neighbours, while Wool was at a moderate Price; but now the same is become so excessive dear, by real'on of Wool-Jobbers, who engross the Wool, that a Clothier, who formerly drove a pretty Trade, and maintained his Family, can hardly buy Wool enough to make a Cloth; so that their Trade may, in a little time, be quite loft:

That many other Frauds and Abuses have been practised by the Jobbers; which, in some measure, may be remedied by reviving the old Statute concerning Wool-winders; with some such Addition, That no Person, lave the Grower, be allowed to fell Wool in the Fleece; whereby the Winders may be the easier detested: But, as the same now stands, Wool goes through so many Hands, before a Fleece be opened, that it is almost iuipoffible the lait Buyer should find out the Winder: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming a Grant, under Earl of Tor* the Great Seal of England, to Arthur Earl of ringion's

by King William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Grant in Land, Part of the great Level of the Fens called

1- ^3

7 W. III.

3° Februarii.

S

A'rnn

Smith's

Acruunl*.

'4

Members

fuimnoned.

*U;

it.

Commit-liftu r»> of Accounts.

\;w

Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and mesne Profits thereof; be read the Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

The House being acquainted, by the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, That Mr.

Aaron Smith had been several times summoned by the said Commissioners, to bring in his Accounts touching Monies by him received; and that lie liad often promised to bring in the fame; but had neglected so to do;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Smith do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, to give an Account why he has not brought in his Accounts to the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Mace, into Westminster-hall, and the several Courts, and

Court of Request, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And the Serjeant went accordingly.

And, being returned with the Mace;

The Orders of the last Session, relating to the Election of Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, were read.

Resolved, That no Person be a Commissioner who hath any Office of Profit, or is accountable to his Majesty.

The Members of the House, according to Order put into Glade* their several Lists of Persons Names to be Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts; the Clerk and Clerk-Assistance going to each Side the House, with the Glasses, for that Purpose.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, withdraw

into the Speaker's Chamber, to examine and peruse the Lifts given in by the Members of the House: And that they do report to the House upon whom the Choice shall fall:

And it is referred to the Earl of Ranelagh, Lord ni ngshy, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Mr. Pelham, Sir

John Bolles, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr.

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Gods.Copley, Sir Seymour,

Sir Marm. JVyvcll, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edward Abney, Sir Fra. Wiuiugton, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mr. Norris,

Mr. r court, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Mr. Mr.

Harley, Mr. Comptroller, Colonel Granville, Mr. Finch, Mr. Manly, Sir Wm. WilliamsMr. Haw, Sir Richard Ons/aic, Lord Digby, Mr. W Sir John Kay, for the Purpose aforesaid.

Manor of Wells, in the said County, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of a Mortgage charged thereon; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wile of William Sands Esquire, and her Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Mann. Wyvell, Mr. Baldzcyn, Sir Fra. Massam,

Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Monson, Mr. Brotherton,

Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir John Kay, Mr. , Mr. Ser-

jeant Coward, Mr. Osborne, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Bicker-staff, Mr. Blafcild, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Freke, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Varney, Sir Edw. Ernly, Sir Clm.Windham, Mr. , Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Lou't Mr. Hairison, Mr. Moore, and Mr. England;and all that serve for the County of Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of William Banks Gentleman was presented Sand* to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Peti- Estate‘ tioner lent William Sands Esquire, upon his Marriage with Mary his now Wife, the Sum of 300l.; and afterwards, viz. in Michaelmas Term 1687, obtained a Jugdment against him for 5401.; which is not yet paid: That the Petitioner finds, by the printed Votes, that an Act is now passing, intituled, An Act for vesting a Moiety of the Manor of Shepton-Mallett, in the County of Somersctt, and a divided Moiety of the Manor of Wells, in the said County, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of a Mortgage charged thereon; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wife of William Sandes Esquire, and her Children; w'hereby, the Petitioner will lose his laid 540/. almost to his Ruin: And praying. That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to save the Petitioner's Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for repairing the Highways between London and Harwich Harwich, in the County of Essex, was, according to Or- Ro*-der, read the First time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committee*.

Supply 15 ill; Lami Tax*

Bi&f*

Lot-

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying' on the War against France, w as read the Third time.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 3*; ,

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

BLAMES Teittoniere took the Oaths appointed,

J in Older to his Naturalization.

Bing's Eft ate. Sir William Honywood, according to Order, presented

to the House a Bill for vesting certain Lands of Thomas Biggs, and Elizabeth his Wife, lying in Chis/et, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their Children: And the Bill wa* received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning next. 1

Hand s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An A

tiute. for veiling a Moiety of the Manor of Shepton-Mails11, in the County of Somerset, and a divided Moiety of the Vot. XL

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; fumed the further Consideration of the ingrossed Bill for Land Tax*

franting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the found for One Year, for carrying on the War against

France:

Several Amendments were ptoposed to be made, by adding " Collison," a Commissioner for and " William,'" Godsalve, to be made " Thomas-" and " 31th" of March, to be made " 25th;" and " 20th" to be made " 30th."

Which, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution shall not allow of any Assessment for any Division or Place, which does not amount to as much as the last Year's Land Tax for the feme Place j unless it shall appear, that such Place is rated at above Four Shillings in the Pound, for the whole yearly Value of the feme:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{JJj; j^Morgan:

Tellers for the Noes,{ J^ f^'/'

So it passed in die Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals; And that the Title be, An Act for grandng to his Majesty an Aid of Four

3 Q Shillings

79-

Ji54.

Ilaynes*

LUate.

Stoughton's, &c. Eliate.

Warner'*

Estate*

Regulating

Elections.

Commissioners of Account*.

Call of the House.

Supply.

Marshal'*

Court.

Recovery

of Smalt 'Jythe*.

4^6 30 — 40 F 1695.

Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Metr»<»e from the Lords, by Sir Jlffles Cook and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

"l ire Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to tire Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Haynes Hfquire to settle a Jointure on his now Wife; and to exchange Lands with the Trustees of Thomas Stevens Esquire, deceased: And also,

To the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Nicholas Stoughton and Sir Lawrence Stoughton Baronets, deccaied, in Truliees, to be sold, for the Payment of their Debts; and railing Portions for the Daughters of the said Sir Nicholas Stoughton: And also.

To the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees to fell Part of tire Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for preserving tire relt for the Benefit of his Heir.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for further Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Revived, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for taking and stating the publick Accounts.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not tlren attend the Service of the House, not having Leave to be absent, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

by the Lords, to the Bill for the more easy Recovery of lirtall Tyttaes.

Residved, That this House will, upon Morn- Supply Bill j-

ing next, resolve itteU into a Committee of the whole L'1,'es 00 House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing several " Ulct' Duties, t* ranted uy former Acts, upon Wine aiul Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East-bulki Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, lor currying on the War against France.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Blechingly viieges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- Lleaion. rough of Blechingly, in the County of , be made

upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occalious. Alienee.

The House, according to Order, refillved itself again Supply, into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to he granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

o

Mr. Speaker left the Clmir.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pi case to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he w as directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, That the Committee had directed him to leave the Chair, to the end he might carry the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France, to the Lords; and to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the said Bill is carried to the Lords, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France,

A Petition of the Prothonotary, Counsel, and Attornies, of the Palace-Court, in behalf of themselves, and other Members of the said Court, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, to regulate and restrain the Proceedings of the Palace Court at Westminster, called the MarlhaPs Court, will deprive the Petitioners of their Places therein, which they are intitled to for Life; and will also take away the Means of recovering Debts in a short time, at linall Expence, to the Prejudice of Retail-Trade, and the Publick: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, take into Coufiderution the Amendments, made

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Maiiisy 4* die Februarii;

" Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

APET1TION of Henry Hof Norfolk, Ef- Preventing quire, and Henry Horzdesnetl, Executors of the L\jwtoi last Will and Testament of Frances late Countess Dowager ' lA' ‘ of Portland, deceased, on the behalf of the Creditors and Legatees of the said Countess, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petition of the Dyers, Cloth-workers, Packers, Sc. formerly delivered to the House, praying a Prohibition against the Transpo- tation of all Woollen Manufactory undyed, will be highly prejudicial to a Grant made by King Charles the Second, in the Twenty-ninth Year of his Reign, for Thirty-one Years, to impower Trustees for the said Countess to license the Exportation of all white Cloths undyed; which Licence was granted, as the Petitioners conceive, at the Kequest of the then Haniborough Company: And Cloths unlicensed were neither then, nor now are, vendible: That the said Countess died very much in Debt, leaving this Part of her Estate charged with several Debts, Legacies, and Annuities, liar greater than it will bear; her other Estate being mortgaged, and over-charged; and several poor Relations, who have Legacies and Annuities, are ready to starve: And praying, That the House will preserve the Right of the said Patent, for the Relief of the said poor Creditors and legatees.

Ordered, That the Considerution of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

A Pclitioa

J

V,

(u

ft

ii

Dnni^nt

Navigation.

BumFeild's

iuialt.

Jenkius'a

Eliate.

M&rfhal's

Court.

Debtors

Kelief.

7.W. III. 40 Februarii. 4^7

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newark upon . in the County o Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; flatting forth, That the Bill» now in the House, lor making the River of Daneeat, in the County of Derby, navigable

will be a publick Advantage to Trade in those Parts, and remove many Obstructions therein, through the Inconvenience and Charge of Land-carriage: And praying the Consuleration of the House in the Premises; and that they will promote the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the Cohfideratiou of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston WarwickBainfei/d, Baronet, during his Minority; and for laying out the Monies raised thereby in Purrhales, to be settled to the same life the said Eliate now is: w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Windham, Sir Fra. Aiassam, Mr. Whilacre, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Price, Sir Sir Fra.

Whittington, Mr. Ash, Mr. Bhj, Mr. Cary, "Sir.Frcke,

Mr. Stonehouse, Sir 1 ho. Roberts, Mr. Palmer, Mr. liar-

court. Mr. Norris, Mr. Farrcr, Mr. Mr. Pock*

lingion, Mr. England, Sir John Mr. Perry,

Mr. Bouyer;and all that serve for the Counties of So-

merset and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Aniias Bamf El'quire, or his Coun-fel, to the said Bill.

A Bill for veiling the Eliate of Navce Jenkins, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for buying another Estate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Price, Mr. LorvtJier, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Bagnold, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Waller, Mr. Owen, Sir Sa. Barnardislon, Mr. Burdet, Sir Robert Colton, Mr. /, Sir John

Lowther, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Belles, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Fra. Aiassam, Mr. Sir Williams, Mr. England, Serjeant Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Boyle, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Cox, Mr. , Mr.

worth, Mr. Gery, Mr. Farrcr, Mr. Lee Banks, Mr. Watting ton, Mr. Brotherton, Mr Colonel Nanny, Sir

Ran land Gwynti: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating and restraining the Proceedings in the King's Court of the Palace at IVesl minster, called the Marshal's Court, he read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, or Damages, was read u Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, That the Act shall not extend to discharge any Person for Robbery or Felony, for which any Action hath been brought:

And the same was thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Man, being under Forty Years of Age, shall, during the War, be discharged, unless he shall lift himself in the King's Service, or procure an able Man to lerve for him:

And the same was twice read; and amended: and then read the Third lime; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, or Damages.

Ordered, That Sir John I/rxlher do carry the Bill to ihc Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. Vol.XI.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Racing ruling the Militia for the Year lliyli, although the Milan. Month's Pay, lorni'TU advanced, he not repaid: And that the Lord Cuningsby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Mrffnge from tire Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir Raddvmv John Franklyn: ,leu<1 ^lanur'

Mr. Speaker,

The Dm Is have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable 'I ndices to fell Pin t of the Manor of and to pay off the Incumbrances charged on the fame; and to lav out the Overplus in an Estate, to be settled as the said Manor is now lei tied: To which they desire the Concurrence of this 1 louse.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of divers Merchants and Traders in and Hawkm and about the City of London was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars, will, as the Petitioners conceive, be greatly deltruclive to the Trade of all Corporations and Market-Towns in England: and tends to license a numerous Company of Scotchmen, and other wandering Persons, who no-ways contribute to the Support of the Government: And praying, That they may he heard against such Part of the Bill as tends to eltahlish the said Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for the further Regulating of Elections of Mem- Regulating bers to serve in Parliament was, according to Order, read Sections, a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole.

House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Williams, Mr. Pocklington,'Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Mr.

Boyle, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Banks, Mr. Harcourt Sir Robert Diners, Sir 6 'hr.Aiusgrace, Sir Aiassam,

Sir Gere. Elites, Sir Wm.Cooper, Mr Burdet, Mr. ris, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Price, Colonel Granville, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Travers, Mr. Mr.

Molesworth, Mr. Brener, Mr. Finch, Sir Wm.

Mr. Owen, Sir Jo. Ilotham, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Vaughan,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Colt, Mr. Phillips, Air.

Sloan: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- poled, That the Committee have Power to receive a Clause, That all Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be by a Balloting;

The previous Question w as put. That That Question, be now put:

And it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir John Mam caring have Leave to go Leavr of into the Country fora Fortnight, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence. cations.

Rcfoked, That this House will, To-mOfrow Morning. Brin^in^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mate to b* consider of the Bill to encourage the bringing in of Cl ll*J-milled, broad, and undipped, Monies, to be exchanged,

hv Commissioners in the federal Parts of this Realm, with

«/ # 1

the common People, fur their clipped Monies; and for the Encouragement of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to he coined.

Resolved, That it lie an Inltruclion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the Melting down, and Exportation, of Coin, or any Bullion.

Resolved, That it be an Inltruclion also, That the said Committee doconiidcrof a further Encouragement to he

give*

4^8 4* — 5°

given for bringing in Plate to be coined, and broad Mo> ncy, in order to be exchanged for clipped Money.

Aaron Mr. Aaron Smith attending, according to Order;

couiits* AC* was ca^e<^ ln> an<^ heard, why he bad not brought

in his Accounts to the Commissioners for taking and ltate-ing the publick Accounts: And he desired further Time for the doing thereof.

And then withdrew.

And, after he had been withdrawn some time, he was called in again: And Mr. Speaker, by Order of the House, acquainted him, That the House expected helhould bring in his Accounts to the said Commissioners in Ten Days, or that he must expect to incur the Displeasure of the House.

Februarii. A1695.

appointed to inspect the Lifts given in of Persons Names to be Commissioners for taking and Hating the publick Accounts; and report upon whom the Choice shall fall; be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning 6tate of the next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Nation, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and particularly to the East India Trade.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House do then attend, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Supply. Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of

' the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur-

ther of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, , That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, a Fund be settled for the Payment of Interest, not exceeding 7 /. per redeemable by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Fund be raised by continuing the Duties upon Salt, granted by an Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thou-i sand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against

France

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding " perpetual" before " Fund:*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, a perpetual Fund be settled for the Payment of Interest, not exceeding Seven Pounds per Cent, redeemable by Parliament.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, That they be impowered to consider of a Compensation for the Duties upon Coals, and the Tonage of Ships, or either of them.

Commission- The House, according to the Order of the Day, era of Ac- resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to counts. , consider of the Bill for taking and stating the publick Accounts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ditto, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee

Mercurii,5* die Februarii;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

J-fENRYde Nassau took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Colonel Granville, according to Order, presented to NafiWs 4c, the House a Bill for Naturalization of Henry de Nassau, Nat. and others.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report touching the Election for clithero ffie Borough of Clithero, in the County of ,be Election,

made upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for vesting certain Lands of Thomas Biggs, and Biggs Elizabeth his Wife, lying in Chisle in the County of El‘ate. Kent, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Barkhamfttd enable Trustees to fell Part of the Manor of Manor,

and to pay off Incumbrances on the fame; and to lay out the Overplus in an Estate, to be settled as the said Manor is now settled; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Repair of the Highways between London and Harwich Harwich, in the County of Essex, was read a Second Hoad*, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Eliah Haney, Mr. Bickcrstaffe, Mr. Dolton, Mr. Stonehnuse,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Sir

Marm. Wyvell, Mr. Forster, Mr. Lmther, Sir IVm.

Cooper, Mr. Watlington, Mr. Rolnnfon, Mr. Bagnold, Sic John Smith, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Whitacre, Mr. Ash, Mr.

Sandf ord, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Bolles, Sir Robert '+ ton, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir John Trevillian, Mr. lyn, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Halsey, Sir Robert Smith, Mr:

Bromley, Lord Castleton, Mr. Boy> Lord , Mr.

Wm. Harley, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Hunt, Mr. GwynMr. Kinaston, Sir

Wm. Twisden, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Burdet, Sir Ga~v.

Elwcs, Mr. Price, Sir Fra. Massam, Sir Parsons, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Tredenlu/tn.junior, Mr. England-, and all that lerve for the Connties of and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Ciock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they be impowered to receive a Clause, to repair the Way jiear Colchester, called the Severalls.

17 Ordered,

' of tbt . W|.

Ulufc

t

llie'o

:Ctici

u'.d.

ri..xJ

7 W. III. 50 Februarii. 429

Ordered, That Mr. Baehccll have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny and continuing the Act for punjshing Officers and Soldiers Desertion. who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty s Service: And that Brigadier Earle do prepare, and bring in, the Bill*

Wymond- Ordered\ That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

ham Hoads. jjepajr of the Highways between Wymondham and Attic-borough in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Harry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Bristol Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Wattr-works* the better Supplying of the City of Britt oil with freili Water: And that Mr. Blake and Mr. Fates do prepare and bring in, the Bill.

Fines of Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the

ancient De- House a Bill concerning l ines, with Proclamations, levied mefneLands. of ancient Demcfne-lands: And the same was received.

Leave of Absence.

Puniftiinff

Names* to be Commissioners for taking and stating thd publick Accounts; and to report upon whom the Choice should fall; That they had inspected the Lifts accordingly: And that the Choice had fallen upon

Robert Harley Esquire - 243

Paul Foley Esquire - 238

Henry Boyle Esquire - 8

John Granville Esquire - - 2 27

William Bromly, of Warwickshire, Esquire 200

Sir Thomas Dyke - 185

Francis Gwyn Esquire - 185

Ordered, That the said Names be inserted into the Blank in the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrulfed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ke-vffting re-vesting in his Majesty the Honour of I at bury, and the Tutbun in Lands thereunto belonging: And that Mr. Pagit do pre- the Cr0WI,# pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Hackney The Lord Cornbary, according to Order, presented to Cuacliraea. the House a Bill for Kelief of several Hackney Coachmen: And the Bill was received.

Challenging Mr. Brother ton, according to Order, presented to the Jurors. b House a Bill to supply fume Detefts in an Act, or Ordinance, made in the Thirty-third Year of King Eduard the Fiiit, Statute the Fourth, intituled, He that challeng-cth a Jury, or Juror, for the King, shall shew his Cause; and to make it more beneficial for the Liberty of the Subject: And the Bill was received.

Encouraging A Petition of several Fishermen, westward on the River Seamen. of Thames, on behalf of themselves and others, was prest nted to the IJoufe, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners understand, the Company of Filliei men have petitioned the House for Leave to insert a Clause into the Bill for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, to impower the said Company to keep a Register, within the Precincts of their Charter, of all Fishermen, Dredger-men, and their Servants: That the said Clause is only deligned to oppress the Petitioners, by returning such as are poor to lerve the King; and to Jet those alone who have Money to bribe themselves oft'; and tends only to the private Ends of the said Petitioners, who are but lew; lbine of them buying their Fish of others, and the rest arc of other Trades: That the now Petitioners are, at all times, ready and w illing to lerve his Majesty: and desire there may be fuel) a general Register eliablished, as by the said Bill is deligned: And praying, that no such Clause may be added to the said Bill, to impower the said Company to keep a particular Register.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

hunger's A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Liuie. \ Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John A anger, an Infant, and his Mother, to make a Lease of his Estate, for the Improvement thereof without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Comm if- Mr. Ifarcourt, according to the Order of the Day, re-Accounu. ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking and stating the publick Accounts was committed, That they had left a Blank, for the Commissioners Names, to be filled up by the House; and lmd made several Amendments to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the Iioule; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And Mr. Gxcyn also reported from the Committee appointed tgr inspect the Lifts given in of Persons Vox,. XI.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Fnclifo and Bills, to velt in the Crown all forfeited Estates in England Iruh For-and Ireland; and to vacate the Grants made thereof: ^hures. And that Sir Richard Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Colonel Granville reported, from the Committee of Pri- Blediinglj-vileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election Election? for the Borough of Bkehingly, in the County of Surrey, as the same appeared to the Committee, and the Resolutions of the said Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of George Evelyn Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Maurice Thompson Esquire to lerve for the Borough of B/eehing/y.

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That Mr. Howard, the other Sitting Member for the said Borough, w as agreed to be well elected; so that the Question was only between the Petitioner and Mr. Thompson.

Upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For Mr. Howard - - - - 6l

For Mr. Thompson 29

For Mr. Evelyn - - - . - 40

That the Petitioner insisted, That the Bailiff of Blech-ingly had, w ithout just Catife, declared 24 of his Voters to be not found: and lb Mr. Thompson duly elected.

And, for the Petitioner, was called,

Mr. Richard Bromhall, Mr. Peter Hussey, Mr. Tho.

Bromfeild, Mr. Tho. Drake: Who said, That they were prelbnt at the Election: That Sir Robert Clayton, after all were polled, said, Me had queried, and found Mr. Evelyn had but 16 good Votes; that Mr. Evelyn offered tolliew the Titles of several Voters; but Sir Robert Clayton laid,

His Friends had not their Titles: and That was not a Place to determine that Matter: That Mr. Howard and Mr.

Evelyn fat betw een the BaililTand Six Robert Clayton: That Sir Robert did alk several of the Voters, If they had a Burgage-tenure; and if the Bailiff'said, He did not know any particular Voter, then Sir Ro/>c?'t laid, lie was not found; and lb he was put by: And that, afterwards, Sir Robei't bid the Bailiff fill up the Indenture with Mr.

Howard's and Mr. Thompson's Name; and ibid. He would fiand by him: And said, If Mr. Evelyns Petition came into the House, Sir John Thompsons In tore It and his would bring him oft'.

Rich. Jere ell, John Russell, Jfllliam Life, said, That Sir Robert Clayton spake to the same Efltft as before testified, about Mr. Evelyn s Petitioning.

Mr. Bromfeild laid, That one Butterly was objected to, as unlound, when he voted for Mr. Evelyn, and, afterwards, when he voted for Mr. Thompson, the Bailiff said.

He was found.

g R Then

ie

t

430

50 Februarii. A. 1695.

Rlechingly

Election.

Then the Petitioner proceeded to disqualify several Voters for Mr. Thompson:

And called,

Ro. Coleman, Ri. Jewell:Who laid, They lived at Blechingly; but did not know. That Thomas Dean

Monteth, John Kendrick, Anth. Keck, Samuel

liam (Lightfoot, John Wise, ffClapton, Sam.

and Thomas Fou ler, had Burgage-houses to vote for.

Ri. Jeu'cll said, the Persons before excepted to had voted at former Elections; but the Report was, That Sir Robert Clapton had bought, in their Names; and he looked upon them as Sir Robert's Trustees.

Charks Armet produced the Will by which Thomas Burton's pretended Estate was given to his Sifter, for her Life: And

Wm. Russell said, the reputed Owner was Ursula Burton the Sifter.

William Russell further said, That Wm. Wood and John Saxbp voted for the same House.

That, for the Sitting Member, was produced,

Mr. Bomvick, Mr. Kendrick: Who said, They were

present at the Election, and law nothing but what was fair: That the Bailiti asked the Electors, as they came to be polled, before they declared wdio they were for, Where their Freeholds lay; but they refused to give any Account; and said, They would be made good Voices before a Committee of Elections: Did confess, That Mr. Evelyn did say. He had Writings to make several of his Voters good; but did not offer to produce them.

And Mr. Kendrick said, The Persons excepted to had voted at former Elections: And said, himself had voted since the Year l G82; and that the W idow Palmer was his Tenant; that the Consuleration-inoney of his Purchase was paid by Mr. Thomas Clapton; that he bad not actually received any Rent, but Mr. Thomas Clapton was accountable for it to him: That Sir Robert Clapton did keep the Deeds of this and all other his Estate: and that he received this Deed, in the Morning, of Sir Robert Clapton.

Ja. Snollp, Tho. Martingale, Tho. Burton, said, That

One House has hut One Vote; hut believe, Now there are more Votes than formerly: And

Burton said, He did not think there were 40 good Votes in the Borough.

Thom. Chapman said. There are at Bled 54 or 55 Burgage-houses: That some Houses had been built upon the old Burgage-lands; and, he believed, they had Votes.

Then the Counlcl for Mr. proceeded to make good the Votes excepted to by the Petitioner: And Stephen Locker proved a Deed of Conveyance to Mr. Firmin, made between Robert Snip/hicrand Tho. Firmin; and said. He was a Witness to the w ritten Receipt for the Pureimfe-money, but saw no Money paid; and said, He lived with Sir Robert Clapton at the time of the Execution of the Deed, which w as at London.

Thomas Burton, Tho. Martingale, said, Mr. Dean Montclh had voted Two or Three times: and that Mr. Kendrick, Mr. Keck, Mr. Nash, Mr. had

voted at former Elections:

And Locker proved Lightfoot's Deed of Conveyance. Thomas Burton, Tho. Martingale, said, That John Wise, William Clapton, Sam. James, Tho. , had voted at

former Elections:

And a Fine was produced, levied by Samuel James: That Wood, or Saxbp, one of them, has a Vote.

That then the Sitting Member proceeded to the Exceptions to the Petitioner's Voters; and called,

Thomas Chapman, John Beane: Who said, That William Partridge kept the Free-schoo), and voted for the School-house; which they did not know had been done before.

John Beane said, Richard Wright declared, in his Hearing, That Mr. Evelpn would fell him a Piece of Land, to vote for him: And

Ri. Wright said. Ho had bought a Burgage-house of Mr. Evelpn, before the Election; and paid 5 s. in Part of it.

Hemp Bonwicksaid, That Peter Hussey, the Night be-

fore the Election, said, If he had a Voice, as he had not,

14

he would give One Vote for his Father; but did not know who he should give the other for.

Chapman and Martingale said, That Robert Shallcrosse had no House to vote for; but voted for House, which he hath in Right of his Wife: And

That John Russell, William Russell, John Life, John Sptnonds, Richard Rapes senior, Richard Richard

Aides, Richard Dexcp, Ja. Samhorne, John Thomas Hugget, Mich. Burgis, Robert Bricklove, John Bradshaw, Thomas Northep, John Jcxdl, (a) [William Jewel/,]

Rich. Bromlutll, Tho. Bromfeild, Wm. Gregory, had no

Houses to vote for:

That they know no Robert Allen, nor Edward Haber-feild:

That John Gregory was dead.

That, on the other Side, tojuftify several of these Votes, was called,

Drake: Who proved a Deed of Conveyance to Russell and Wm. Russell, dated the 20th of January 78: And

Mr. Drake laid, That William Russell had voted before.

William Ball proved a Deed of Conveyance from Edward Nicholas to Edward dated 16th

March 87:

Another Deed of the same Date, between John Glpdd and Richard Bromliall:

Another Deed, dated 2f>th June 1C88, between John Glpdd and Thomas Bromfeild.

But 1 Iron fetid's Deed was objected to; because it was only of Part of a Messuage.

Another Di ed was proved, dated 14 1691, be-

tween Ralph Drake, and others, to Jewell anil Jewell, of all those Messuages called the Green Dragon, known by the name of the Shupps:

R. Jewell proved Eourfcore and Ten Pounds paid on that Conveyance.

John Russell proved a Conveyance between G visbroke ant Tho.Hugged, of Widow Tut chins House:

And the Consideration money was proved paid.

Wm.Gvisbroke said, He gave his Son John a Burgage-house of 40s. a Year; and made a Conveyance to him.

John Russell said, That the School-master's House is a Burgage-house; and the Schoolmaster has voted formerly.

Richard Jewell said, That House 1'tands

near the Middle of the Borough; and, in Writings, 'tis reckoned Two Burgage-tenures; and believes one Cooper voted for it in King James's Time.

Richard Rapes junior said, That Richard Rapes the elder has a House in the Borough, and paid 2o 1. lor it; and that he fold it him about 1 oth of September: And that he votes for another himself.

William Life proved a Conveyance, dated 10th September 95, between Richard junior and Richard Rapes senior.

That it was infilled, on behalf of the Sitting Member, That he had Witnesses to make gooil the Exceptions taken to several Votes, endeavoured to be jullified by the Petitioner; and particularly to prove some of the Deeds to be made in Trust: But the Committee w ere of Opinion, That, if the Sitting Member had had such Evidence, it ought to have been offered, when he lirft made his Objections against those Voices.

And that the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

.....That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Maurice Thompson Esquire is not duly clcCted a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Blechingly, in the County of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Evelpn Esquire is duly elected a Burgcls to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Blechingly.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Consideration of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Blechingly be re-committed.

Ordered,

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

7 W. III. 5° — 6° Febrtiarii. 431

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election be heard, Mr. Venables, Mr. Mr. Mr.

by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Tuef- Afirwdit, Sir John Kay, Sir Math. Sir Jl'/n.

day next, in the Afternoon. Colonel Perry, Mr. Hotly, Mr. Colt: And

Ordered, That the said Committee do hear the Evi- they are to meet this Atternoon at Five a Clock, in the dence, on both Sides, not already heard. Speaker s Chamber.

Bringing Plate to be toined.

Supply.

Ordered, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confder of the Bill to encourage the Bringing in of milled, broad, and unclipped, Monies, to be exchanged, by Commissioners in the several Parts of this Ilealm, with the common People, for their clipped Monies; and for the Encouragement of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coined.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France; and to consider of an Imposition upon French Goods; be made Tomorrow Morning.

in Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Markham, Mr. Whit acre. Sir Oaths of Robert Cotton, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Bicker staff] Sir 1/any .^l, L,re, nar-v Hobart, Serjeant Bond, Sir /////. Loirther, Sir Uni.

Cooper, Sir Richard Atkins, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Gray. Sir Henri/ Vane, Mr. Beak, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Sloan, Mr.

Owen, be added to the Committee, to whom theingrolled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering Part of an Act, made in the 3d Year of his Majesty and the late Queen intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, is committed: And that the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Encouraging

Seamen.

A Petition of the Masters and Scholars of Ba/iol Col- Baliol Col-Refalved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ie<re, in the l/niverfity of Oxford, and John Clerk, Iege Eftat*'

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

Rcjohed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War against France.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Supply Bill; Duties on Wine, &c.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Duty on Iron imported.

Barkhamfted

Manor.

Jovis, 6* die Februarii;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

PRA Y ERS.

CYAMES Fury tookthe Oaths appointed, in order to his JT Naturalization.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers, and Assistants, of the Company of Cutlers, in Hallamshire, in the County of York, who are incorporated by Act of Parliament, and others Artificers working in Iron and Steel, was presented to the House, and read; Jetting forth. That the Petitioners have experienced the Benefit of the Prohibitions made, and Impositions laid, by former Parliaments, upon foreign Manufactures, made of Iron and Steel, imported into this Kingdom: And praying, That the said Duties may be continued.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War against France, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Manor of Barkham-sted; and to pay off the Incumbrances charged on the fame; and to layout the Overplus in an Estate, to be settled as the said Manor is now settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Massam, Mr. BickcrstaJ/e, Mr. Brotherton, Lord Corn-

their Lessee, and Robert Father by, and others. Inhabitants, and Occupiers of Houses, within the Parish of St. Laurence, Old Jury, in the City of London, for and on the behalf of themselves, and all the rest of the Occupiers and Inhabitants of Houses in the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said Petitioners the Master and Scholars, being leifed in Fee of the Impropriate Rectory and Tythes of the said Parish, did, in 1692, make a Lease thereof to the said Mr. Sayer, for 21 Years; and feme Differences arising thereupon, between Mr. Sayer and the Inhabitants, the whole Matter was, in 1694, mutually referred to the Aw ard of Mr. Baron Letchmore and Mr. Baron Powell; who soon after published their Award; whereby, amongst other things, the said Inhabitants were to pay 1501, per Annum, forever, free from all Taxes, in full of all Tythes, to the said Malter and Scholars, and their Lessee; with which Award all Parties are well satisfied; and the same is inrolled in Chancery; That, notwithstanding the said Proceedings, Suits may hereafter arile touching the said Tythes, by reason of a Statute of 370 Hen. 8, intituled, An Act for Tythes in London, unless the said Award be confirmed by Act of Parliament; And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to confirm the said Award, and ascertain the Payment of the said Tythes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Confirmation of the said Awrard: And that Mr. Finch and Mr. Harcourt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Christopher Todd, on behalf of himself and Todd's others, was presented to the House, and read; letting Complaint, forth, That the Petitioner, and others, of the Troop commanded by Captain Charles Eaton, in the Earl of Oxf ord's Regiment, have been barbarously uftd by the said Eaton; one of them being iinprisoned, and louden with Irons, for 11 Days, after giving his Deposition before a Court-Martial for trying Captain Eaton, for making false Mullers, and other great Misdemeanors: That the Petitioner exhibited several Articles against the said Captain Eaton, and fully proved the fame, as he conceives, before the Court-Martial, and the Commissioners of publick Accounts; but the Court-Martial, confuting of all Officers, have acquitted the said Eaton; which has encouraged him to continue his evil Practices: And praying, That the House will give him Leave to produce Witnesses to prove the said Allegations.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Duties on bury, Mr. Baldxvyn, Mr. Frexcen, Mr. Moore, Mr. Moj/le, the Company of Painter-stainers of London, on behalf of Linseed 01. Mr. Conyers, Colonel Gibson, Sir Mann. IVyvell, Air. themselves, and the Painter-stainers of England, com-Pocklington, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. plaining of the Duties laid upon Linseed Oil, was pre-Phillipps, Mr. Whitacre, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Clarke, iented to the House:

Mr. White, Doctor Oxenden, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Tho. And the Question being put, That the said Petition Roberts, Mr. Cooper, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Arnold, Mr. be read;

Foley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Lassels, Mr. NcvilL Sir Gcrv. It passed in the Negative.

Vol/XI. A Petition

'BamfcUd*!

Estate,

Register of Ships,

1

Fines of ancient Demesne Lands.

Leave of Absence.

Irish

Arrears,

Challenging

Jurors,

JsaflaiTl, Ac. Nat#

43a 6 FebruvriL169$.

A Petition of Artuas Bam fetid Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in the House, to enable Trustees to make Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick an Infant, during his Infancy; and for the laying out the Monies, to be raised thereby, in Purchases, to the Uses the Estate now is: That the said Sir Coppleston is very young; having only one Brother, of very tender Years; and the Petitioner is their Uncle, and next Heir at Law to the said Estate in case the Infants die without issue: And that such Bill, if it should pals, may be a great Damage to the Petitioner: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that Colonel Earle and Mr. be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of Simon Baxter, of London, Merchant, Lewis Davis and Thomas Taylor, of London, Scriveners, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Abuses are daily committed in Selling of Ships and Vessels, by Persons that have no Title thereunto; whereby the Buyers are often deceived, to their great Loss, and to the Discouragement of Merchandize and Trade in general: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for establishing, in the City of London, a certain Office for the Registring of Bills of Sale, as shall hereafter be made within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of any, or any Part of any. Ship or Vessel of the Burden of Forty Tons, and upwards; and for establishing other Offices in other Places, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill for proclaiming Fines levied of ancient Demesne-lands was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Isaac lleboxv have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, his Lady being very ill.

A Petition of Nathaniel Hill, and others, on the behalf of themselves, and others, of the Regiment lately commanded by Brigadier Villers, who served in the Wars in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, about April 1692, the Regiment returned into England, and the Petitioners have all their Discharges, and their Accounts, stated by the Commissioners of Publick Accounts; to some of whom there is due 30/. some 40/. and some 50/.: That, notwithstanding his Majesty's Proclamation, of 4th April 1695, commanding the Colonels, and other Officers, of the Army, to account with and satisfy their respective Troops and Companies; yet the same hath not been complied with: That the Lieutenant-Colonel hath received several Sums, in Part of the said Regiment, Irish Arrears; but never accounted with the Petitioners, nor paid them their Proportions of the lame; and some Troopers, w ho petitioned the House last Session, have been starved, for want of their Shares: That the Petitioners have several times applied themselves to the Court-Martial, at the IIorfe-Guards; but arc difinified without any Relief: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Preinilcs.

Ordered, That the Lord and Mr. Fox be

acquainted with the said Petition, and give the House an Account thereof.

A Bill to supply some Defects in an Act, or Ordinance, made in the Thirty-third Year of King Edward the First, Statute the 4th, intituled, He thatchailengeth a Jury, or Juror, for the King, shall thew his Cause; and to make it more beneficial for the Liberty of the Subject; was read the First time.

llefotoed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for naturalizing Henry de 1, and ethers,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr.

Doctor Oxendon, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Jo.

Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. B. Granvill, Mr. Blofeild, Mr.

Waller, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Bohun, Sir Nath. Nappier, Mr. Bertie, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir

Win.Lowther, Sir Harry Hobart, Mr. Sir

Thom. Dyke, Mr. Whitacre, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Lexcson, Lord Ashley, Mr. Serjeant , Sir Fra.

Massam, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Ph. Foley, Lord ^.ord Cavendish, Sir Fra. Windham, Mr. Air. Air.

England, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Fuller, Mr. I Fining ton,

Mr. Baldwyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Bringing the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Plat* to b* Bringing in of milled, broad, or unclipped, Monies, to coine be exchanged, by Commissioners in the several Parts of this Realm, with the common People, for dipped Monies; and for the encouraging of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coined; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause, for re-coining the clipped Money; which shall be applicable to the Payment of Tallies, in Course, at the Excise-Office and Post-Office.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to prohibit the Use of Plate in Publick-houses.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Francis Privilege. Pmclet Esquire, Edward Strode Esquire, and Air. Henry Dean, Mr. Thom. Eyres, and Air. George Toxcnesend,

Attornies at Law, have caused an Action of Trespass to be brought against Win. Maslerman, Tenant of a Farm in Portesham, in the County of Dorset, Part of the Estate of Sir Nathaniel Nappier, during a Term of Years in being, for the Recovery of the Alefne Profits of the said Farm; and proceed in the said Action; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Alatter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Supply, Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France; and to consider of Impositions upon French Goods; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of 2.5/. per Ton be laid upon all French Wine imported, from and after the 25th Day of March 1697, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, over and above the Duties already charged thereupon; without any Deduction; and after that Rate for any greater or Idler Quantity.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Thirty Pounds p Ton belaid upon all

French Brandy imported, after the First Day of March

1697, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, and from

thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, over

and above the Duties already charged thereupon; without

any Deduction; and after that Rate for any greater or

lefl'er Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Ton be laid upon alt French Vinegar imported, after the First Day of March 1697, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session ot' Parliament, over and above the Duties already charged thereupon, w ithout any Deduction; and after that Rate for any greater or Idler Quantity.

Resolved,

7 W. III.

Februarii.

433

lie toil

iae(L

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 2 51- per Cent, ad be laid upon all other Goods of the Growth, Produ ft, or Manufacture, of France, imported, after the First day of March 1697, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, over and above the Duties already charged thereupon; without any Deduction; and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity.

The First Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by , inserting, after " Brandy," " of single Proof

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monthly Mom- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole M«aus. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjournei^ Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 7* die Februarii;

7° Gulielmi Tertii.

Resolved, That the House doth

agree

with the Com- Praters.

mittee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Duty of A BILL for veiling certain Lands of Thomas Biggs, Biggs* 30 I. per Ton be laid upon all French Brandy, of single Jx and Elizabeth his Wife, lying in in the County

*' ' ‘ " " " ' *' ' " of Kin Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making

Proof, imported, after the First Day of March 1697, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, over and above the Duties already charged thereupon; without any Deduction; and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity.

The Third Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

- O

Provision for their Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers, Lord Cornbury, Sir JVm. lloSir IVm.

Doctor Oxenden, Lord FairfaxMr. Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. LMr. Gardner, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Bal Mr Mr.

JVatlington, Sir John Boltes, Sir JVm. Lowther, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Whitacre, Mr. Speak, Mr.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, That Salt Bertie, Mr. Mr. Fuller, Mr. Foley, Mr. Burdet,

might be excepted:

And the Question being put, That Salt be excepted; It passed in the Negative. '

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, according to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Serjeant Bond, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Elections — Ordered, That the Bill to prevent irregular Proceed-Irregularities ings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and ofjteturning returning Members to serve in Parliament, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Officers.

E. India Trade.

Plantation

Trade.

Earl of Torringtoa's Grant in Bedford Level.

Select

Vestries.

». J,ng

Plate to

be coined.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, be read aSccond time upon Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That the Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Great Seal of England, to Arthur Earl of by King William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Part of the great Level of the Fens, called ford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Mesne Profits thereof; be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Manly presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Regulating of select Vestries; and preventing Abuses arising the reby: And the same was received.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to encourage the Bringing in of milled, broad, or unclipped, Monies, to be exchanged, by jCoui-missioners in the several Parts of this Realm, with the common People, for clipped Monies; and for the Encouraging of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Smith reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Mr. England, Sir Jacob Ashley, and all that serve for tire County of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blake, according to Order, presented to the House Bristol a Bill for the better supplying the City of with Waterworks,

fresh Water.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the Relief of several Hackney Coachmen Hackney was read the First time. Coachmen.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manufacturers, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners do employ many Hundreds of Families, in the way of their Trade: and great Quantities of Woollen Manufactures have lain dead in their Hands for some Years past, to their great Impoverishment: That since 1693, tire East India Company being at that-Time settled by his Majesty's Charter, the Petitioners have fold all the Cloth the Petitioners had made, to the said Company, who ltill buy up all that they can make, at reasonable Prices; whereby the Petitioners have been supported in their Trade; And praying the Countenance of the House, for promoting the said Company's Trade to the East Indies.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Howard have Leave to go Leave of for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Absence.

into the Country Occasions.

Commissioners of Accounts.

An ingrossed Bill for the examining, taking, and stating, the Publick Accounts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the taking, Examining, and stating, the Publick Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill so the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the Eafo of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Eufe of Office, and passing their Accounts, was readaSecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cordon, Mr. Mountague, Sir Tho. Mouipesson, Mr. ther, Mr. Slater, Mr. Baldtcyn, Mr. Pepys,

Ellis, Mr. Price, Mr. Cull ford, Serjeant Bond, Kir John

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning, Austin, Lord Coningsby, Sir Cha. Mr. Whitacre,

V ox.. XL 5 S Lord

Quakers

Affirmation.

Supply Bill j Laud Tax.

Highway

Laws.

434

70 — 8 Februarit, A. 1695.

Lord Russell, Mr. Sand ford, Sir John Mr.

Mr. Gray, Sir VoAw Ray, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Brolherton, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Norris, Mr. Vincent, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Bagnold, Sir Godfry Copley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. White, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Pelham, Sir Marm. WyveU, Mr. Boscazven, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Lmtker, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Fra. Wimington, Mr. Harley, Mr. York, Mr.

Blofeild, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sloan, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Officers of the Exchequer, or any others concerned, by their Counsel, if they think fit, to the said Bill.

A Petition of the People called Quakers was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their many Sufferings for not Swearing, may give Satisfaction, that it is purely a conscientious and religious Principle, Not to swear in any Case, according to the Commands of our Saviour, as they conceive, and the Example of many eminent Martyrs; notwithstanding which, they have been, and are, exposed to Imprisonments; their Estates seized, and sequestered; and themselves disabled from defending, or recovering, their just Rights and Properties, for want of an Oath: And praying leave to bring in a Bill, That their solemn Affirmation or Denial, may be accepted instead of an Oath; freely submitting, That whoever shall falsify the Tfbth, and be thereof convicted, shall undergo like Pains and Penalties as, in Law and Justice, are due to perjured Persons.

And the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUen for the Yeas, },89.

Teltefor theNoes,^ J,45.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France, without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Carriers, Waggoners, and others, travelling the Northern Roads, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Statute of 22 Car. zdi, for the better Repairing of Highways and Bridges, it is Enacted, That no Waggoner shall draw with more than Five Horses at Length; and that, if they draw with a greater Number, they shall all draw in Pairs, except One Horse; under the Penalty of 40 s.: That, by reason of the doubtful Construction of those Words, one Littlehale, and others, under Pretence of being Informers and Undertakers for the Roads, have, for many Years past, extorted great Sums from the Petitioners, who are forced, for their Quiet, to pay the said Informers 81. 51. 41-per Am. and feme more, or less, to avoid the Penalty of the said Act; and then the Informers suffer the Petitioners to draw with as many Horses at Length as they please; but, without such yearly Agreements and Payments, they seize the Petitioners Horses, for great Sums at a time j and flop them in their Journey, and give out, That they cannot avoid the said Forfeiture; though the Petitioners take all the Care they can to observe the Directions of the said Act: And praying, That the House will explain the said Act, or otherwise redress their Grievances, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Carriers and Waggoners travelling the Western Roads is referred.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- State of solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to the Nation — consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and particularly to the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granvill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Colonel Granvill also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, after the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and particularly to the East India Trade.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee.

And then the House adjourned till, Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 8* die Februarii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the Baliol Col-House a Bill to ascertain and settle the Payment of lege Efute. the Impropriate Tythes of the Parish of St. , Old

Jury, in London, to the Master and Scholars of Baliol College in Oxford; and for confirming an Award made concerning the same.

The Bill was read the Fiife time.

Resolved, That tire Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Aldermen, Burgesses and Darwent Inhabitants, of the Borough of East-Re in the County Navigation,

of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now before the House, for making the River Darwent, in the County of navigable, will be a great Damage to the Petitioners, who generally subsist by fending Wheat, Malt, and other Commodities, into the West, by the Return of Lead Carriages, which bring Lead to Batchy, and by their Trade with the Town of SiockwithThat this intended Navigation will cut off their said Communication, and thereby starve many Families, and destroy the Market of the said Borough; and will be a greater Injury than a Good to the Publick: And praying. That they may be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, touching the Premises.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divers Carriers of Lead, and other Goods Ditto, to and from the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River,

in the County of Derby, navigable will utterly ruin the Petitioners, and their Families, who lolely subsist upon the Land-carriage of Lead, from the Mills to the Town of Nottingham; where they are always furnished with Loading back to Workworth, and other neighbouring Towns; by which Carriage and Re-carriage the Petitioners, and 14 their

7 W. III.

8° Februarii.

435

* Ig^ ude,

Darwtnt

Navigation.

Ditto.

,011114

m

Ditto.

L'^Sl

Stanhopes, *c. Nat.

their Cattle, are employed; and thereby they are enabled to pay their Rents, which otherwise they cannot do, if the said Navigation should be effected: And praying, That the House will remove their present Fears, and prevent their future Ruin, by quathing the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Blithe, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in the

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

A Bill for proclaiming Fines levied of ancient Demesne- Fines of lands, was read a Second time. ancient De-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. me n*

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Hevcningham, Mr. Dolben, Sir IVm.

Asliurst, Serjeant Bond, Sir John Bo/ks, Colonel Perry,

Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Berty, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Pocklington,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Parker, Mr. Newport, Mr. Thondiagh,

Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Stokes, Mr. BaMr. Stringer,

Sir Alarm. Wycell, Mr. Norres, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Brewer, Mr. Knight, Mr.. Whit Sir IVm. Low*

House, for making the River Darmnt, in the County of ther, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Estcourt, Mr.

~ Mr. Cary, Mr.: and all the Gentlemen of

the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

great

Derby, navigable; which Navigation will be a Damage to the Petitioners, who chiefly depend upon the Land-carriage of Lead from Derbyshire to the River Idle, at Bawtry, and the Re-carriage of Com, Malt, and

other Commodities, from thence into Darbyshire; and A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Wapping

that the said Navigation will be a greater Prejudice than John in the County of Middlesex, was pre- Highways.

Advantage to most of his Majesty's Subjects: And pray fented to the House, and read letting forth. That by an

" ' ' " ' Tr * Act, made the lait Parliament, the said Parish was maidea

distinct Parish from the Parish of Whitechapel', but is obliged to contribute towards the Repairs of the Highways of the Parish of Whitechapel, which lie near a Mile from the new Parish: That the Act does not determine which Part of the Highways the Petitioners are to repair, by reason of which Uncertainty, many Differences have arose between the Two Parishes; and the Petitioners are

ing, That they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill committed. 1

is

A Petition of the Gentry, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Salters, and Carriers, and others, at, in, and near, the

Towns of Middlewich and Namptwich, in the County of liable to many Indictments, w'hich might be prevented, if

letting in the

Chester, was presented to the House, and read; forth, That the making of the River Danrent,

County of Derby, navigable, from the River Trent to the Town of Derby, will be of great Benefit to the County of Derby, and will preserve their Highways, which are almost unpayable, by reason of the great Land-carriage of Iron, Lead, Mill-ltones, and other ponderous Commodities, down to the Trent :and thereby lessen the Charge rough of in the County of Lancaster, be made

of Carriage, and encourage Trade, and advance the Rent upon this Day Sevennight. v

they were at a Certainty: And praying, That the House will appoint certain Persons to let out what Part of the Highways the Petitioners shall keep in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Clitbero# vileges and Elections, touching the Election for die Bo- Election.

of Lands: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said River of Darwenl navigable is committed.

A Petition of the Lead-merchants, Cheesemongers, and other Traders, in and about the Cities of London and W estminster, who trade into the Counties of Derby,

ford, Warwick, and Chester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That die Petitioners deal for great Quantities of Lead, Copper, Cheele, Butter, and other Commodities, the Product of the said Counties; which the Petitioners could afford to fell cheaper, if the Charge of Carriage were lessened; and thereby the King's Subjects reap the Advantage, and the Petitioners encouraged in their Trades: That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Dai'went, in the County of Derby, navigable, will lessen the Charge of bringing

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax, Sir Thomas Stanly, Ease of Sir Ra. Delavall, Mr. Lee Banks, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Sheriff*. Stains, Mr. Potlington, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Etterick, Mr.

Tracers, Mr. jHarcourt, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Done, be added

to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs, in the Execution of their Office, and passing their Accounts, is committed.

A Petition of divers Merchants and Traders in and High Price about the City of London, on behalf of themselves and of Gold-others, was presented to the House and read; setting ^u,"*as forth, That, by reason of the clipped and debated Money, 3° 94 Guineas are much used in Payment; which, by the Artifice of Brokers, and others, are advanced to Thirty Shillings apiece: That the Petitioners cannot receive Money for their Goods and Debts, without taking Guineas at that Rate; though they cannot pay them away again at the Custom-house, or on foreign Bills, or other Payments, without a Lois of Three, Four, or Five, Pounds per

those Commodities to London: And praying, That the Cent, to the great Discouragement of Trade, and the Lois

House will take the Premises into Consideration

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for naturalizing James Stanhope Esquire, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Bodes, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Moore, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Peny, Mr. Hevetunghdtn, Colonel Gibson, Mr. Dolben, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Mr. Foley, Mr.

Watlington, Mr. Farrer, Sir Richard Atkins, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Owen, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Whitacre, Mr. Noiris, Mr.

of some Hundreds of Pounds to many of the Petitioners: That there are imported from Holland, and other Parts, great Quantities of Guineas, and Gold to be coined into Guineas, which Hand the Importers in about 22 apiece; and the broad and milled Money of this Kingdom is melted down, and sent over, in Exchange thereof; whereby at least 25 /. per Cent. Profit is gotten: That great Quan-

tities of Gold lie now ready shipped to be imported hither from Holland', and, it is feared, the Pieces of Eight now brought in the Cadiz Fleet will, be exported to Holland, for the Exchange of the said Gold, by the Artifice of Brokers employed by the Importers: to the Prejudice of our Exchanges, and consequently the Impoverishing of the Kingdom, and endangering the Peace thereof: And

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. England, Mr. Slater, Mr. Hobby, praying the House to take the said Difficulties and Losses Mr. Knight, Mr. Packer, Mr. Sayor, Mr. Bcrayer, Mr. in their Trade into Consideration; and to provide such Fuller, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Moun- Relief therein as the House shall think fit. tague. Sir Tho. Day: And they are to meet this After- Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition noon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers. be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

Leave of Absence*

Privilege.

Footmen not to (land on the Stairs,

backdoors of Speaker's Chamber.

Frauds in the Excise.

t)un\vich

Election.

43 6 8° Februarii. A. 1695.

whom the Bill to encourage the Bringing in of nulled, A Petition of Alexander Popham Esquire w as presented Bamfeild'* broad, or unclipped Monies, to be exchanged, by Commis- to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill now £&* sioners in the several Parts of this Realm, with the common depending in the House, for enabling Trustees to make People, for their clipped Monies; and for the Encouraging Leases of the Estate of Sir

of Persons to bring Plateinto the Mint, to be coined; is an Infant, during his Infancy; and for the laying out the committed. Monies, to be raised thereby, in Purchases, to the Uses the said Estate now is; will be much to the Petitioner's Preju-Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington have dice, as the same is now penned in general Words, it extend-Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extra- ing, as he conceives, to enable the Trustees to grant Leases ordinary Occasions. of the Estate of Henry Rogers Esquire, deceased, who devised the same to the Petitioner, making one Wincick Ordered, That Colonel Tipping have Leave to go to Bamf Esquire, deceased, his Executor and Trustee: the Bathiox Six Weeks, for Recovery of his Health. That there has been many Contests at Law, and in Equity

between the Petitioner and the said Bamfeild for

A Complaint being made to the House, That one John the said Estate; and the Petitioner is now in the actual Lewis hath lately entered upon some Lands, Part of Possession thereof: And praying, That he may be heard,

Nurden Farm, in Woothope, in the County of Hereford, by Counsel, touching the Premises.

the Estate of Paul Foley Esquire, Speaker of this House, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

and of which he, and his Tenants, have been in quiet referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is com-

Possession many Years; and hath let Persons at Work, mitted.

to fence and inclose the fame, as his own; in Breach of

the Privilege of this House. The Lord according to Order, presented to ^aifing

Ordered, That the said John Lewisbe sent for in Custody the House a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1696, 1 ma> of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not re-the said Breach of Privilege. paid: And the Bill was received.

A Complaint being made to the House of the Rude-ness of Footmen upon the Stairs coming up to the House, notwithstanding the late Order concerning the m;

Ordered, That no Footmen do, at any time, stand upon the Stairs; and if any shall so do, that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take them into Custody.

Ordered, That the Backdoors of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Day at Eleven a Clock; and the Keys be brought by the Serjeant, and laid upon the Table.

The House being informed, That one John Farthing can give Information of great Sums of Money arising by the Excise, which have been diverted into private Hands;

Ordered, That the said Joh Farthing do attend the Commissioners for taking and Hating the Publick Accounts, and give his Information to them: And that they do report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Durnich, in the County of Suffolk, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Barrington have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Chanber-Doctor Edisbury: Efot*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to exchange Lands of Sir Janies Chamberlain Baronet, an Infant, lying in the common Hill or Field of Salford, in the County of Oxford, for like Quantities of Lands there, in order to the making of an Inclosure: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, being informed, That the Serjeant at Arms Proclamation had, according to the Order of the House, used his ut- forappre-most Endeavours to take Roderick Mackcnzee; but that,

he could not.be found;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to issue his Royal Proclamation for the apprehending the said Roderick Mackcnzee.

Selea A Bill for Regulating of select Veftnes, and preventing

Veitnes. Abuses arising the reby, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into summoned. Westminster-hall, and several Courts, and Court of Re-

quest, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And the Serjeant went accordingly.

And, being returned with the Mace;

Recovery of The House proceeded to take into Consideration the small Tythes. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes:

And the same were severally read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Skin 6. L. 10, leave out from " and, " to provided," in the 33th Line.

L. 39, after " Costs,"add the Proviso marked A, That any Clerk, or other Person who shall begin any Suit for Recovery of small Tythes, not exceeding the Value of 405. shall have no Benefit by the Act for the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House according to the Order of the Day, resolved Bringing itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider to further of the Bill to encourage the Bringing in of milled, coine broad, and unclipped Monies, to he exchanged, by the Commissioners in the several Parts of this Realm, with the common People, for their clipped Monies; and for the encouraging Persons to bring Plate into the Mint to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Smith reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Mattel' to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned, till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock,

ttutilfl

Ml

7 W. III.

Lima-, 10*

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

i o' Februarii.

437.

Buckingham

Writ.

o

Prayers.

RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Buckingham, in the room of the Wight Honourable Thomas Esquire, now

Lord IVharton.

Tontc fraft JBleftiuxu

Oaths of Supiemacy in Ireland.

av? i

baab

Xu fillup Nat.

SincT*

Itliate.

i m itih ti

Cham-

I pridin'* Ltiaie.

&c.

Ordered, That Sir John B have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Ponhjract, in the County of York.

Sir John Bolles acquainted the House, from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty, and the late Queen, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, was committed; and to xvbom the Consideration of the Petition of Robert Johnson Esquire, on the behalf of himself, and others of the Protestants of Irelarelating to a Petition of Dennis Daly and Edmond in behalf of them-

selves, and others the Lawyers of was referred;

That the Committee had agreed to a Clause, in relation to the Matter of the said last mentioned Petition, before the Petition of the said Robert Johnson was referred to them.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to re-consider the said Clause, upon the Reference of the Petition of the said Mr. Johnson.

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalizing of and

others, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered \That the Bill be ingrossed.

and to pay off the Incumbrances charged on the fame; and to lay out the Overplus in an Estate, to be settled as the said Manor is now settled; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitacre do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That tin's House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Parish of St. James, st. James, Westminster, to raise upon themselves so much Money as Westminster will dil'charge their Debt for building their Parish Church,

Rector's House, Vestry, and other Works there, was read the Third time.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made;

Pr. L. to leave out " Four," and insert " 7'Jnee:"

Pr. L. to leave out " Five," and insert " Two;" and after " Years," to insert " an Half:"

Pr. L. to leave out " Four," and insert " Three:"

And the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Parish of James, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, to raise upon themselves so much Money as will dil'charge their Debt for building their Parish-Church, Rector's House, Vestry, and other publick W orks there.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Fair of Juiuig.

Biklinmfted

M-a. i.

A Petition of John JlIlhams Esquire was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Bill now before the House, for veftinga Moiety of the Manor of Sheplon-Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and a divided Moiety of the Manor of Wells, in the said County, in Trustees, to be Ibid. for Payment of a Mortgage made thereon; and for making a Provision for-thq Wife of William Sands Esquire, and her Children: That Mr. Sands now hands indebted to the Petitioner, by Judgment. lor 1,400l.; to which the said Premises are now liable: But if the said Bill should pals, the Petitioner is adviled the said Premises will not afterw ards be subject to his feid Judgment; and thereby the Petitioner will inevitably lofc his said Debt: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, whereby the Petitioner's Right may be saved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to exchange Lands of Sir Chamberlain Baronet, an Infant, lying in the common Hill or Field of Salford, in the County of Oxford, for like Quantities of Lands there, in order to the making an Inclosure, was read the I'irft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdet, Mr. Gray, Mr. Staines, Mr. Lasse/ts, Mr. Faimer, be added to the Committee, to

whom the Bill for the Eafc of Jurors; and the better Regulating of Juries; is committed.

Mr. Whitacre reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Manor of Vox. XI.

Mr. Pagitt, according to Order, presented to the wfting House a Bill for re-vesting in his Majesty the Honour of Tutbury in Tutbury, and Forel't of Needuood, and several Parks, Ma- the Crown, nors, Lands, Offices, and other Profits, thereunto belonging; and for vacating certain Letters Patents therein mentioned.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Encouraging next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Seamen. to confuler of the Bill for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

Ordered, That Sir William Rich have Leave to go into ^eave the Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health. 'At,knee'

A Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the Trade and Company of Worsted-weavers in the City of Nor- Cuihcoes, &c. trick, and County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves, and the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners Trade depends upon the Manufacture of Worsted Stuffs; and Silk mixed with Wool in those Stuffs; which employs many Thousand Families: That their feid Trade has been much obstructed by the great Quantities of East India wrought Silks, Ben-gals, and Callicoes, which have been formerly imported here, and in foreign Countries, who used to be i'upplied with our Woollen Manufactures; butfince the East India Company have been under feme Discouragements, whereby they have imported but little of their Manufactures, the Petitioners Trade has been much increased; and they have attained to lb great a Perfection in making figured and striped Stuffs, that they are now used at Home and Abroad, instead of India Manufactures, by 1110ft Sorts of Persons: That the East India Company having petitioned the House, to establilli their Trade by Act of Parliament, the Petitioners conceive their Trade will be much lessened and discouraged thereby, unit Is u Rcltraint be laid upon the Importation, or Consumption, of wrought Silk,

5 T Bengal?,

Alienating Lands in Mortmain,

Clitheroe

Election,

Maidstone

Writ.

Raising

Militia.

Call of the House.

Price of Guiueas.

Guineas

coined.

Privilege — publication of Proceedings.

Leave of Absence.

Marshal's

Court.

Taking off Obligation to coin Guineas.

Ways and Means.

438 109 — n0 Februarii. 1695.

Bengals, and Callicoes: And praying the Preservation of their said Trade, that so considerable a Manufacture may not be loft to the Nation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the King, his Heirs, and Successors, to grant Licences for the Alienation of Lands in Mortmain: And that Mr. Secretary Trumball do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered \That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir Thomas Taylor Baronet, deceased.

A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1696, although the Month s Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, not having Leave to be absent, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Price of Guineas.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Mint do, upon Thursday Morning next, lay before this House an Account of what Guineas have been coined fmee Lady-day last, and for whom.

The House being informed. That one Griffith Card hath, in a written Paper, of Saturday last, dispersed at Caraways, Coffee-house, and other Coffee-houses, mif-represented the Votes and Proceedings of this House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Griffith Card be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Griffith Card, and Jeremiah Stokes, who keeps Garaway's Coffee-house, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord have Leave to go

into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

may be laid before the House an Account of the Produce of the Duties upon Salt, and Tonage of Shij>s; and of what is owing upon the Duties upon Coals and Glass.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Trea-fory do lay before this House an Account of the Produce of the Duties upon Salt, and Tonage of Ships; and of what is owing upon the Duties upon Coals and Glats.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Committm. That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 11* die Februarii; 7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A BILL to ascertain and settle the Payment of the Baliol Coi-Impropriate Tythes of the Parish of Saint Laurence, Etlate* Old Jewry, in London, to the Master and Scholars of Baliol College in Oxford; and for confirming an Award made concerning the same; was read a Second time.

Resolved\That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harcourt,

Mr. Blqfeild, Mr. Dolben, Mr. G Moyle, Mr.

Bagnold, Sir John Bolles, Sir EliabHarvey, Mr.

ley, Sir Gem. Elwes, Mr. Bohun, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Heveningham, Mr.. Frewen, Mr. Manley, Mr. PA. Foley,

Sir Ro. Cotton, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Monson, Mr.

ton, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Jetmings, Mr. Finch, Mr. Low-

ther. Sir Wm. Trumball, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Robert Cotton,

Mr. Rcnency, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pinpoint, Mr. Daniel, Mr.

Shakerly, Mr. Foley, Lord Ashly, Serjeant Bond, Mr.

Phillipps, Mr. Leicis, Sir John Kay: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Brigadier Earle, according to Order, presented to the Punishing House a Bill for continuing former Acts for punishing MuUny anil Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Ma- DeierUon-jesty's Service; and for Payment of Quarters.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate and restrain the Proceedings in the King's Court of the Palace of Westminster, called the Marshal's Court, be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking off, for some time, from the Officers of the Mint, the Obligation to coin Guineas; and also the Encouragement given for such Coinage: And that Mr. Godolphin do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That there

18

Ordered, That Mr. Rigby have Leave to withdraw his Wigan Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Wigan, EUaion. in the County of Lancaster.

Doctor Barbon, according to Order, presented to the Red Lion-House a Bill for making Part of the Parish of Andrew's Square (St.

Holbourn, a new Parish: And the same was received. Andrew

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning. ne°v

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry de Nassau, and NaflWg, See. others, was read a Third time. Nat-

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Henry de Nassau, and other Children'of Henry de Nassau, Seignior D'Auverquerk.

Ordered, That Mr. Moyle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of William Duke of Bedford, Lady Rachel Redderiffe Russell, and Elizabeth Howland, on behalf of the Mar- Doclc-quis of Tavistock, and the Marchionels of Tavistock, his

Wife, Minors, was presented to the House, and read;

Ibtting forth, That the Sum of 2,500l. hath been laid

out.

1

U.i,

l;^L

.C LiA

f.rrLOi-

i.n

liiA

ii LfJ* j?.:e

Fiv

r^l,

L

Select

Veliric*.

Leave of Abicncc*

Briftoll Water-works

Committees,

Wye and Lt^g Navigation.

Harwich

Hoads.

r.rjLlish and 11 nil Forfeitures.

FntiJifli lroi tenures.

7 W. III. 11° Februarii. 439

out, for the making a dry Dock at Redder iffe; and that the Petitioners are well adviled, that the making of a wet Dock there, will not only be a great Improvement of the said Minors Estate, but of Ul'e to the Publick: For the doing whereof, it will be necessary to raise 12,000l. That, by reason of the said Minority, neither the said 2,500l. can be Satisfied, nor Monies raised to make the said further Improvements, unless enabled thereunto by Act of Parliament: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable them to raile, and lay out, Monies for making a wet Dock, and a dry Dock, at R

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Bill for Regulating of select Vestries, and preventing Abuses arising the reby, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manley, Colonel Granvitl, Sir Richard Middleton, Mr.

Mr. Rowney, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Drake, Sir

urst, Mr. Henly, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Done. Mr.

Sir Marm. Wivcll, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Bohun, Mr. Cox, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Sir Haney,

Mr. Gzcyn, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Burdet, Sir Robert Cotton,

Mr. Brothcrton, Lord CornburSir Corilon, Sir

Win. Lou't/ier, Mr. Clark, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Pagit, Sir JVrn. Hustler, Mr. Tily, Mr. Tredenham, Jun. Air. Colt, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr, Slater, Serjeant Bond,

Sir Henry Colt :And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Ciock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Walden have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occufions.

A Bill for the better supplying of the City of Bristoll with fresh Water was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blake, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Clarke, Serjeant Bond, Mr. Waller, Sir EduardE/mly, Mr. Moot'e, Sir Henry Colt, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Stakes, Mr. Yates, Mr. Smith, Mr. Norres, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Colt, Sir Harry Hobart, Mr. Burdet, Admiral Russell, Sir Wm. Lowther, Colonel Per/y, Mr. Freke, Sir Wa. Young, Sir Marm. JVivell, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Osborn, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Jloare, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Moyle, Mr. England, Mr.

Etterick, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Mr. White, Mr. Lambton; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucestei' and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide, That no Persons Lands be entered upon until their Damages, to be assessed by a Jury, be paid.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making navigable the Rivers Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Foster and Mr. Frewen, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Repair of the Highways between London, and Harwich, in the County oiEssex, is committed.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to the House the Bills to vest in the Crown the forfeited Estates in England and Ireland-, and to vacate all Grants made thereof: And the same were received.

The Bill to vest in the Crown all forfeited Estates in England: and to vacate all Grants made thereof; was read the First time.

Ref died, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vol. XI.

The Bill to vest in the Crown the forfeited Estates in Iri<h Ireland-, and to vacate all Grants made thereof; was forfeitures, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the City of Bristoll being offered to be East-Indi. presented to the House, relating to the Trade to the East Trade-Indies;

And a Motion being made, and the Questiod being put, That the Petition be brought up to the Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {\h. totes:} 64'

T ellers for the Noesj^10^* } 128.

So it passed in the Negative.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, State of die reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Na- ' '

tion, in relation to Trade; and particularly to the East India Trade; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they hud directed hiin to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's . .: Where the same were read, and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the East India Trade be settled and regulated by Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That the best Way of carrying on the Trade to the East Indies, for the Benefit of this Kingdom, is, by a joint Stock, exclusive of all others.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding unless by Permission upon Rates, to be settled by Parliament

And the Question being put, That the said Words be made Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tel> for the Yeas

Teller, for to Noes,1 ,8l.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding, " except the County of Cornwall

And the Question being put. That the said Words be made Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the best Way of carrying on the Trade to the East Indies, for the Benefit of this Kingdom, is, by a joint Stock, exclusive to all others.

Griffith Card and Jeremiah Stokes attending, according Privilege — to Order: Publication

They were called in; and, at the Bar, the said Card Fngs.'*6 tvas heard, touching the Papers by him dispersed: And he acknowledged his Offence; and begged the Pardon of the House for the fame.

And then the said Card and Stokes withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Griffith Card be brought to the Bar; and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker.

And, accordingly, he was brought in; and reprimanded.

Ordered, That the said Griffith Card be discharged, without paying his Fees, in respect of his Poverty.

Ordered, That no News-letter-writers do, in their Letters, or other Papers that they disperse, presume to Intermeddle with the Debates, or any other Proceedings, of this House.

A Message

11

12

Februarii.

A \i^9j.

Fowls'

Estate.

State of the Nation* — E. I. Trade.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Fmones Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Devon, which were settled on his Marriage; and to settle other Lands, of an equal Value, to the same Uses: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and particularly to the East India Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Fawnes'

Estate.

Mercurii, 12* die Februarii;

7* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Fownes Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Devon, which were lettled on his Marriage; and to settle other Lands, of an equal Value, to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, Plantation in the Plantation-Trade, was, according to Order, read a trade. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of Isaac Correa, Isaac Pereira, and Joseph Ditto.

Henriquez, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. That there is a Clause. in the Bill for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, That no Foreigner shall use the Occupation of a Merchant, or Factor, in any of his Majesty's Plantations, under a great Penalty: That l'uch a Clause will be the Ruin of many Families, who, by the Rigour of the Spanish and Inquisitions,

were forced to renounce their native Countries, and llielter themselves under the Protection of the English Government; to which they have ever dutifully fubtnitted: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, before the Pafling of the said Bill, touching the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Council of Txade.

A Petition of John Stamp and Katherine his Wife, BamfWIdV Colonel Granvill, according to Order, presented to the Thomas and Margaret his Wife, Henry Llulc*

House a Bill for constituting a Council of Trade.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

and Mary his Wife, and Henry Farewell, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are adviled, the Estate of I Vane id; Bamfeild Esquire, deceased, doth be-

long to them; and that there is now depending, in the

Obligation to House a Bill for taking oil the com Guineas.

Obligation

and Encouragement of coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Taking off Mr. Godolphiii, according to Order, presented to the Court of Chancery, a Suit between the Petitioners and Sir

Warwick for Recovery of the fame:

That, during that Contest, there is a Bill now brought into this House, to enable certain Trustees to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Bamfcild, during his Infancy; and for laying out the Monies to be raised thereby in Purchases, to the same Uses the said Estate now is; which Bill doth extend to the Estate of the said Wane. , as w ell as to the

Estate of Sir Coppleston: And praying, That they may be heard, by Countcl, touching the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Considerulion of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill committed.

Encouraging

Gardening.

Tied Lyon-square, (St. Andrew's, Holborn)new Parish.

Elections.-

Ordered, That Leave be given to encourage the Art of Gardening.

bring

in a Bill to

A Bill for making Part of the Parish of Andrew's Ilotborn, a new Parish, was read the First time.

Rijolvccl That the Bill be read a Second time.

is

of lieturning Officers.

A Bill to prevent irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and Irregularities other Officers, in the electing and returning Members to serve in Parliament, was, according to Order, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Geo. HungerforSir Mr.

Hoic, Sir John. Trcvelian, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Brewer, Lord Newport, Mr. Manley, Lord Sir York,

Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Mr. Liddall, Sir

GodfryCopley, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Mr.

ther, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Air.

Colonel Granvill, Mr. Newport, Mr. Onslow, Mr. St. Johns, Mr. Bertie, Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Clark, Mr. Aloi/le, Mr. Stonehou.se , Sir Harry Hobart, Mr. GYr/i/, Sir n in Lowther, Sir John Kay, Mr. Air.

Sir William Blaeket, Mr. Tlwrnhagh, Si Bolles, Mr. Alonclon, Doctor Oxen den, Mr. Gardner, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Robert Colto Sir John Lowther, Air.

Onslow, Sir Ph. Butler, Mr. Air. Air.

Kendall, Sir Richard Atkins, Colonel Perry, Mr. Aloun-tague, Mr. Blofield, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Foley, Mr. Air. Yates, Sir

Elwes, Mr. Whilaere, Mr. Slock Air. Air.

fiddle, Sir Walter Young, Mr. And all that

Colonel Granville reported, from the Committee of Clidieme Privileges and Elections, the Alatter touching the Election lection, for the Borough of Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, as the same appeared to the said Committee, and the Rel'olution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Stringer Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Ambrose Pudsey Esquire to lerve for the Borough of

theroe:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For Air. Pudsey 44

For Air. Stringer - - - - 32

But the Petitioner insisted, That several Irregularities had been practised at the said Election; and that several ought to be added to Air. Stringers Poll; which would him a Majority.

That the Right was agreed to be in the Bailiffs,

Burgdfes,

give

7 W. III. i 2° Febru441

Burgesses, and Freemen; but if the Person that bad the Inheritance voted, the Tenant could not:

That the Custom of the Borough is, every Year, to have an Inquiry-Jury in that Borough; whole Office it 16, to inquire who are Burgesses and Freemen; and such as are found by that Jury are entered in a Book, and have only used to vote at Elections.

But that the Petitioner insisted, That the Bailiffs did at this Election refofe to call an Inquiry-Jury; by which mean?, foveral Persons that ought to have been found as Burgesses and Freemen, were not found; and so be was deprived of several Voices.

And for this they called,

Thomas Dugdale: Who laid. He bad searched the

Records of the Town, and found Inquiry-Juries had been called in December, Novem March, and April; and that, the i ith of October, he desired, of Mr. Bailiff fVkitaker, that an Inquiry-Jury might be called; and that he denied it, laying, It was in their Power; and that Mr. Stringer should not be a Parliament-man. And

Thomas Dugdale, John R, John Deane, laid. That, on the 23d October, they, with several Persons that had a Right to be found, went to Bailiff Lyster, and desired of him to call an Inquiry-Jury: That Mr. Lister laid, He would call a Hall, and consider of it; but he did not call a Hall, nor call an Inquiry-Jury. And Dean laid, That Mr. Pudseyand Mr. that

acted for Mr. Pudsey, told him, the said Dean, That, if he would be for Mr. Pudsey, an Inquiry-Jury should be called, and he should have a good Voice.

Richard Ilaye said, Mr. Slater asked him to vote for Mr. Pudsey; and made him the same Promile.

Tho. Nowell said, One of the Bailiffs alkt-d him to be for Mr. Pudsey; and made him the same Promile.

IVm. Dugdale, John Wilson, said, IValbank made him the like Promile.

Geo. Haworth proved a Deed from John Dugdale to John Dean; but laid, there was a Re-conveyance a Month after.

John Troy said. He went down with the Petitioner to C&theroe; and was at the Election: That he informed the Bailiffs of several Freemen that would vote; but the Bailiffs said, They would call none but what were in their Call-Book, and as they were there.

JVm.Dugdale said, He had a Right , to vote for the -House he lived in; which he had been in Possession of since Michaelmas.

William Dean said, He had been found by the Inquiry-Jury: That his Landlord did vote, but not for this House: That he was not found for the House he had Jived in; but, about Three Weeks before the Election, and before the Proclamation, caine out for the Dissolution of the lait Parliament, had tendered a Groat to the Town-Clerk to enter his Name.

Nick. Nowell said, That Mr. Bailiff put him

into a free House; and that he was to live there free till Lady-day, provided he would vote as the Bailiff did; and that, afterwards, Mr. IValbank offered him 30* to vote for Mr. Pudsey; which he refused; but did receive of him 30*. to keep out of the Hall: And laid, If he had not received that 30 s. he would have been for.Mr. Stringer And that Bailiff Whitacre threatened him, if he came to

London, to fling his Wife and Children in the Street; and afterwards committed him to the County-Gaol, though there was a Gaol in the Town.

Thonuts Dugdale, John Robinson, said, That they had acquainted Bailiff Whitaker, That Nowell was to appear before this Committee 17th January: And that he laid, He did not care; he had abused him, and he would fend him to Gaol:

That Henry Body was Heir by Delcent to a Burgage-house, but not found:

That One Franklyn offered to vote; and had »os. a Year Rent reserved; but he did receive Alms.

Ro. Page said, He lived in a 1'ree-house at Lady-day, and had taken it for Seven Years: That he had cove-Vojl XI.

nanted in his Lease to vote as his Landlord should direct; ciithen* and would have voted for both the Sitting Members; but Election, afterwards, when Mr. Stringer had petitioned, his Landlord would have had him given it under his Hand, That he would have voted for Mr. Stringer and Mr. Lyster.

Richard Haye, John Wilson, said. He hath a Butgage-house, and was ready to vote for Mr. Stringer and Mr*

Lyster.

John Wilson said, He had been a Freeman Five Years; and would have voted for Mr. Lyster and Mr. Stringer:

That Mr. Lyster voted, but did not uame the House; and he has other Burgage Lands.

William Daily said, He had a Burgago-house; and was ready to'have voted, if called.

Henry Wookock said, he was ready to vote for Mr. Stringer: That he has paid Borough-Rent for Two Years; which he bought of John Mitchell: But confessed, That Mr. Parker had made some Bargain for it; but no Money was paid, nor the Possession delivered.

Richard Blackbom said, He had lived in a Burgage-house Five Years; was at the Election, but was not called.

Edward Coulters said, He had been found, and sworn; but was since removed; but offered a Groat to the Town-Clerk to have his Name entered.

Robuison said. That Edward Webster had a ReVerfion, after the Death of his Mother; and received Rent; and had a Right

That, for Mr. Pudsey, the Sitting Member, it was insisted. That the Inquiry-Jury was discharged fairly, according to Custom; and that many who would have voted for Mr. Pudsey had been found, if there had been an Inquiry-Jury in being. And

Mr. Slater, Mr. Farrer, said, the Custom of the Borough was, to call the Grand Jury about Candlemas, and discharge it about Michaelmas; and this Year the In-quirv-Jury was discharged at the usual Time, by general Consent, for want of Business: That they knew nothing of paying a Groat to have their Names entered anew; but if a Freeman removed to another Burgage-house, he ought to be found again:

That none but Franklyn actually offered to vote; and he was maintained by the Town:

That Sir John Ashton, Sir Nich. Sherborn, Mr. Walmsly, Mr. Crosdale, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Marsden,

Mr. Chippendon, Mr. Breman, John Slater, John Votes,

Rich. Eyres, had all a Right to be found; and woidd have voted for Mr. Pudsey; and , some of their Tenants voted for Mr. Stringer.

That, as to several Persons endeavoured to be made good Votes by the Petitioner, they said,

That Richard Hayes never demanded to be found:

That Thomas Nowell put himself into a House, where another inhabited, a Fortnight before the Election:

That he did not a(k Wm. Dttgdall for his Voice; nor had he any Right to be found by the Jury:

That Dean had re-conveyed before the Election:

That Leonard Nowell Was found fot William Dean's House:

That Ro. Page might have been found, if he would; but he said, He nad not his Lease sealed:

That Mr, Lister voted for John Willson's House:

That Henry Wool cock was never prefehtetf; and the Land was Mr. Parker's Son's:

That Ri. Blackbom has not offered himself to the Inquiry-Jury since he gave Security:

That there are Two William Baity's; One voted for Mr. Stringer; and the other had no Right:

That he believes EdtcOrd Coulters had been found, if he had come to the Inquiry-Jury.

Richard Nowell, Geo. Howard, Farrer, said. That the 30paid to Ni.Novell was for Ale, drawn Upon the Account of Mr. Pudsey.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution; viz. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

*U That

Dunwich

Election.

44a 1 i9 Februari 1695.

That Ambrose Pudsey Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

Clitheroe.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Ambrose Pudsey Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clitheroe.

Colonel Granville also reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of , in the County of

Suffolk, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and acre as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Roger Wood and John Bence Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Robert Rich, and Henry Hevening-ham Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that

Election.

The Petitioners insisted. That the Right of Election was in the Freemen inhabiting within the Borough of Dunwich only: And for That they produced a Return of 7# Edw. IV. Which fays, The Two Coroners, and Ten Persons therein named, and many others burgens' 8$res'ulai vill' preedict', elected.

12 Edw.IV. Which fays, The Bailiff, with the Con-

sent of the whole Commonalty of the Town, did cause to be elected, in the Presence of the Two Coroners, and 19 Pqrfpns named, aliorumque 'burgens'

sided, infra villain predict' commorant', Two Burgesses.

They also produced Three ancient Books; by which it appeared. The ancient Confutation of the Borough was, of Two Bailiffs, 12 in the Nature of Aldermen, and 24 in the Nature of a Common-Council and Freemen.

Liber A. Fo. 84. By which it appeared 11° Oct. 1643, Two Bailiffs, 10 of the 12, Eight of the 24, and Seven Freemen, elected.

Fo. 131. 12 Feb. i° Jac. I. Two Bailiffs, Seven of the 12, Five of the 24, and 20 Freemen, elected.

Fo. 256. 21 Mar. 11 Jac. Two Bailiffs, Eight of the 12, 11 of the 24, and 12 Freemen, elected.

Liber B. Fo. 115, 23 March 1639, Two Bailiffs, Six of the 12, 14 of the 24, and Eight Freemen, elected.

Liber N° 3*, Fo. 7. August 22d, 1656. Two Bailiffs, Six of the 12, 18 of the 24, and 15 Freemen, elected.

The Petitioners then called Mr. Betts: Who said, He had known Dunwich 25 Years: That, in the Year 1670, there was a Contest between Sir Thomas Allen and Mr. Wood: That Mr. Wood was returned by the greater Number of the in-fitting Burgesses.

That a Question aroie, which was returned by the proper Officer: And it appeared. That the House, upon a Report from the Committee of Elections, did, 25* Jan. 1670, resolve, That Mr. Wood was duly returned. And

Mr. Betts said, That Sir Thomas AUen never thought fit afterwards to contest the Merits of the Election: And Mr. Wood continued in the House.

Mr. Green said, That, in 1641, Mr. Bretcster was cholen by the Freemen inhabiting within the Borough: That there was then no Pretence of Out fitters; nor no Contests.

William Crane said, That, in 1661, Sir John , and Rich. Cook Esquire, were chose by the Freemen Inhabitants; and that he never heard of any other Claim till later Days.

And Mr. Betts, being called in again, said, That one Bcntfice, Alderman of the Borough, had taken 40 s. and

24

50 s.apiece of several, to make them free; and carried the Common Seal in his Pocket; and gave the Oath of a Freeman at Yarmouth, Ipswich, &c.; and had a Factor at Wapping; and made several free that never law the Town: But further said, That the same Oath was given to the inhabiting Freemen, and the Out-fitters; and the Out-fitter was to pay annually a Crown, and Half a Crown for their Freedom; a great deal of which had been collected; but the Inhabitants did not pay it; and that, at least, 20 Out-fitters had been Bailiffs; and Six or Seven of the present Aldermen were Out-fitters; but that the Aldermen Out-fitters only voted for Bailiffs; and did not vote in the present Election; but there is always one of the Bailiffs an Inhabitant; and that both Bailiffs used to sign the Returns to Parliament:

Mr. Belts also said. He had known all the Elections to Parliament since the Year 1670; and was admitted Town-Clerk in the Year 1680; and continued so till lately:

That, in 1678, Sir Phi. Skippon and Maj. were chose by the Borough-men; but the Out-fitters voted with them:

That, in 1679, the Borough-men set up Kemp; but the Out-fitters voted with the Borough-men:

That, in 1680, Sir Ro. Kemp and Sir Ph. Skippon were chose in the same manner; but the Borough-men all for them:

That, in the Parliament after the Oxon Parliament, they chose in the same manner:

That in King James the Second's time, 85, Colonel Gibbon and Mr. Norton were chosen by the Freemen inhabiting only; and no Out-fitters voted:

That, in the Convention, there was a Contest between , North and Young, Sir Tho.Allen, and Sir Robert Rich, and Sir Phil.Skippon: That the Majority of the Inhabitants were for North and Allen; and the Out-fitters for the others: But North and Allen would not be at the Charge of bringing up their Witnesses; and none examined but himself: And they produced but one Return; and so loft it:

And produced a Copy of the Journal, 8 Dec. 3' elmi 8) Maria; by which it appeared. That, upon Report of an Election between Mr. Bence and Mr. Heven-ingham, the House did agree with the Committee, That the Right of Election was only in the Freemen inhabiting within the Borough.

Mr. Betts also gave this Account of the manner of getting the last Charter;

That, about December 1693, they heard there was a Petition carried on to get another Charter: Whereupon, they called a Hall; and every Freeman in the Town was there, and Five of them that signed the Petition was there: That one Girling said, He signed the Petition for fear of being pressed; and others said, They did not understand it: It was supposed to be a Petition for a facias, or Quo warranto:That there was 16 in the Hall actually, who were against any new Charter; and Nine that stuck to the Petition they had signed; and, accordingly, a Petition was framed against it; but, finding the first was a Petition for Restitution, they were fain to get another Petition; and, by Order of Council, they were to be heard upon it, but first to pay Costs; which being 331. they were not able to raise it; and so the Petition was dismissed: And, in June 1694, they carried King William's Charter down, with 3 or 400 Foreigners; but the Town never accepted of it: That the Town did accept the Charter of 1685; and have aCied ever since under it; and Four Returns were made under it; and Two of them for Sir Robert Rich: That Sir Robert Rich was an Alderman under the Charter:

And (a) [they] produced a bound Book, Fo. 61, A. and B; for the Swearing of him an Alderman; and dispensing with any Oath, but to the Corporation.

And Mr. Betts said, of the inhabiting Burgesses or Freemen, there was,

For

(«) Supplied from the Original Report.

..logic

7 W. III.

For the Petitioners - - .35.

For the Sitting Members - - 13.

- Their Names are as follow;

William Wethersby, John Robert Swatman,

John Battily, Tho. Roster, Ja. Ja. Moon, John

Watling, John Scott, Mark Noble, Benj. Hambyn, Geo. Flint, HezckiahShepperd.

But it appeared afterwards to the Committee, That the Numbers of Freemen would be more or less, according as King James' Charter, or King William?, Charter, should be allowed: And as to that Matter, the Fact was.

That an Instrument of Surrender was made in King Charles the lid's Time; but that Surrender was not inrolled till King James' Time: So the Question, between the Petitioners and the Sitting Members Counsel, was, "Whether that Inrollment in King James' Time did make good the Surrender in King Charles' Time; and, if that Surrender was good, then the Charter of King James being accepted by the Town, and no Surrender of that made, the Petitioners Couiifel argued, That the Charter of King William and Queen Mary was void; as also, for this Reason, that the Charter of King James was ac-l cepted, but the Charter of King William and Queen Maty never accepted:

But the Sitting Members Counsel infilled. That, by Law, the Surrender was void; for that the King cannot take but by Matter of Record; and that, the Surrender not being inrolled in King Cs Time, King Charles could not take by that Surrender; and so, consequently, King James could not: However, they insisted, The Right of Election of Burgesses could not be surrendered.

For the Petitioners was produced,

A Copy of the Return of the Sitting Members; which said, the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Town elected: And A Return in King James' Time, and another Return to the Prince of Orange's Letter; which were in the same Form.

Mr. Betts said, That Phillip Eads, and Two others, were foiited in by a different Hand, as made free, after the Assembly was up:

That William Szceatman was not free:

That Benefice was removed and disfranchised.

And his Disfranchisement was read.

John Hasel said, That John Burly was not free;, and lived at Southold:

That Jeremy Page lives at Wesleton:

That James Foreman lives at Thorp, and is no Freeman

And that Pacy told him, If he would vote for Sir Robert Rich, he should have a House for 3/. tobepaid in Lobsters:

That Aldridge and Ja.Goodwyn are Out-fitters, South-

old Men:

That Joseph Burly was an Apprentice:

That Thom. Foster had a Protection:

That Robert Hill was no Freeman:

That Charles Eade, James Eade, Amos Beate, were neither Freemen nor Inhabitant:

That John Cross was Apprentice to Phil. Eade:

That Masterton was no Inhabitant:

That One of the Ja.Moor's was not free:

That John Cutting was no Inhabitant.

Tho. Stanly said, That Jos. Burly was his Apprentice; and was got away, by the Instigation of Pacy, to vote for Sir Robert Rich and Mr. Heveningham-, and that he told his Matter, If he would not give him Leave, be mutt take Leave; for he had a Friend had procured him a Birth in a Man of War, and Two days after he was lifted on board the Milford Gaily; and he hath not seen him since:

That James Moore was hired, at Michaelmas loft, to live with one Symonds; and came over to vote at the Election; and then returned to his Service.

Then the Petitioners proceeded to prove several Irregularities in Procuring of Voices.

William Cooke said, That he went to Esquire ham's House, and Mr. Hcven told him, That if he would vote for him, the said Mr. Hcveningham, and Vol. XL

443

Sir Robert Rich, he would give him los.; and that he Dunwich had given Two Guineas to Archer to give to Four: Tha Election' Archer did give him 10#.: But Cook laid, He did not vote for the Sitting Members; because he did not fancy to be hired; That Archer voted for Sir Robert Rich: And Mr. Heveningham desired him to meet at Justice Neat's, Recorder by the new Charter; and told him, He might have to/, or 20/. of Mr. Neat, if he would vote for him and Sir Robert Rich; and that the Bond, after he had so voted, should be cut in Pieces; and, accordingly, he did receive 1Q /. of Mr. Neat, upon his Bond: That he did not vote for Sir Robert Rich and Mr. Heveningham', but paid back the same Money about 12 Days after he had received it: That he confessed the Matter of the to/, to several:

And that Mr. Heveningham asked Ben. Hambyn, Who he would vote for? And Hambyn laid, for him: That Mr. Heveningham asked him again, Not for Sir Robert Rich

To which he anl'wered, Yes: Whereupon, he gave him a Horse: and, that Horse throwing him down, he gave him another worth 50 s.

Hasell, said. That, the Tuesday after the Election, he went with Cook to pay back the 10/. to Mr. Neat.

Hasell and Tansy said, That Mr. Heveningham, in the Town-hall, inquired who Cook voted for; and Cook telling him, Mr. Heveningham replied, he always took him to be a Rogue. And

Tansy said, That Cook, the Day after the Election, did tell him of the Matter of the 101, lent him by Justice Neat; in manner as before testified by Cook.

Nick. Beeke said, That, 5 Days before the Election, he was at Captain Heveningham's; and Mr. Heveningham asked him, If he could not vote for him? And laid, He would give him 14 or 15 /. to pay his Debts, to vote for him and Sir Robert Rich, and 51, to put in his Pocket:

But he voted for Mr. Bence and Mr. Wood,; for he had no need of the Money.

Tansy, and another Witness, said, That Hezekiah Sheppard voted for Sir Robert Rich and Mr. Heveningham; and that he confessed, Mr. Heveningham gave him 10 s. and a Scarlet Waistcoat, (which a Taylor bid him 40 s. for) for his Vote.

James Farro said, That Archer told him* He would give him 14 or 15/. to vote for Sir Robert Rich and Mr. Heveningham; but he answered, He would not, for 100l. go against his Conscience; and that John Bathurst afterwards beat him, and said, That if he would not vote for them, he should not go out of his House alive.

John Collat said. That John Archer offered him 10 s. to vote for Mr. Heveningham:

That he knows Phillip Eade, who voted for Sir Robert Rich and Mr. Heveningham; and heard him lay, That Sir Robert Rich got him a Place, of 10 /. a Year, to give his Vote; and said, He was fetaftiore unexpectedly; and received a Protection undefired.

And His Protection, and another for Szceatman, being produced, and read; they were made upon Suggestion of their being Witnesses in a Law-suit;

But he knew of no Law-suit they were to be Witnesses in: And said, Sir Robert Rich asked him to vote for him; and he did offer him a Angle Vote; but, Sir Robert not accepting of it, he voted for neither:

That George Flint and Hezekiah Sheppard were pressed by Mr. Pacy:

And that Three Men of War came to an Anchor at Dunwich, |a little before the Election; and, presently after failed away again.

Richard Sumner said, he was on board the Queen, and was discharged by Sir Robert Rich's Order: That he desired him to go to Dunwich, and vote for him; and gave him a Protection; but instead of going to he

made Two Newcastle Voyages:

That Sir Robert Rich asked him, If he, owed any Money? And he told Sir Robert Rich, About 13/; t6 which Sir Robert said, He should not trouble himself, for he could take care of that: And further said, That; while) he was at Newcastle, Bonne)' lent to him Two Letters, to come home and vote for Sir Robert Rich.

James

12° Februariu

Dunwich,

Election.

144,

TTT

120 Febrttam. A. 1695.

James Gufvins said, That Enoch who appeared for Sir Robert Rich and Mr. told

him, the SolebayFrigate was to come in upon the Election-

<Jay, and was to press those seafaring Men that voted against Sir Robert Rich and Mr. Heveningham: And further told him, He should have what Money he had Occasion for, if he would vote for them: And Gunning said, The Men of War did come, and stay till the Election was over.

Gurning and Hasell laid, That Mr. Bence and Mr. Wood's Side were frighted by the Men of War ;and that One Man ran out of the Town for some time, but afterwards came and voted. And

Hasell said, That Archer said to him, You employ a pretty many Men, and, if they should be pressed, what will you do? for Sir Robert Rich fays, The Solebay shall come in.

The Sitting Members denied all manner of Bribery: And said, That Dunwich was a Borough by Prescription: That the Charter by King William and Queen , being good, it answered the Petitioners Objections, of their Voters not being free: And infilled, That the Right of the Election was in the Freemen at large:

And produced a Copy of King John's Charter to the Borough; which was to the Burgesses of Dunwich:

And the Charter of King William and Queen , (a) [28] Apr.6" GulielmiS; Which takes Notice

of the Instrument of Surrender to King Charles lid; and that the same was not inrolled till the Reign of King James; and that, thereupon, there are several Doubts arisen, touching the Franchises, Liberties, and Estate, of the Town; and, for putting an End to those Doubts, this Charter confirms them in their former Rights and Liberties they enjoyed before the Surrender, by the Name, Balii probor horn'burgens' villa Dunwich:

And produced Returns; viz.

7° Edrw. VI. Balii' $ burgens', § communitas elege-

runt.

33 Han. VIII. Belli&; communitas clegerunt.

And the Besolution of the House, 27® 1* Gul.

8$ Maria, upon a Report of an Eicflion at; by

which the House agreed with the Committee, That the Right of Election was in the Freemen, called Out-fitters, as well as the Freemen Inhabitants.

John Archer said, He had known Dunwich 30 Years: That the Out-fitters always voted: And that he was present at the last Election of Sir Robert Rich and Mr. Heveningham; and that they had the Majority; viz. 35 Freemen Inhabitants; and for the Out-fitters, they might have had as many as they would: That he was lent to be sworn Alderman; but lie would not accept it; being a Bailiff by King William's Charter: And denied he ever offered any Money to any, to vote for Sir Robert Rich and Mr. Heveningham, nor ever terrified any by the Men of War.

John Archer, Philip Eads, That Benefice had an Office at the Custom-house: but it was faiil he was diffranchised:

That William Sweatmati, Amos Beale, John Crosse, Charles Eads, James Eades, Jer. Payne, Robert Hill, Wm. Coggs, Rich. Heat, James Goodwin, George Alder, Ja. Foreman, John Burly, Robert Bonner, Ja % junior, Tho. Boone, Tho. Masters, Abraham Wise, were Freemen and Inhabitants:

That John Cutting was a Freeman, but no Inhabitant. William Russel, Overseerof Southsaid, That John

Burly lived at Southold; but was a seafaring Man; And that Steel, Goodwin, and Alder, lived there also, and paid to Church and Poor.

Mr. Foster delivered in a Book of the Town: And said, That 18 of the 35 ( b) [for the Sitting Members] were

made free by the new Charter.

Phillip Eads said, He was free by the old and new Charter: That he had no Horse of Mr. Heveningham, but one that was same for his Dogs.

Mr. Pacey laid. That the Town-Clerk was in halte to

(fl) Supplied from tha original Jlspert. (4) Ibid.

go home; so he and the other Bailiff made Phil. Eads free.

Then the Sitting Members proceeded to take their Exceptions to the Petitioners Voters: And Archer and Ph. Eades, laid, That John Mason was free by King James's Charter:

That John Belwood was made free since King James' Charter:

That Christopher Moor was no Inhabitant, but lived with John Hasell:

That Nicholas Peake was made free since King William and Queen Mary's Charter:

That John Collet lives with hie Mother:

That Win. Cook lived at Dingly and:

That James Farm was sent out of Town because he was no Inhabitant:

That Wm. Love came to Town but last That Thomas Burly did not vote till after the Election: That Richard Hasell is no Inhabitant, hut since Christmas last:

That Dio. Newson is no Inhabitant, to his Knowledge: That James Garwood lived in the Hospital, and is a Natural:

That Phillipp Pells had no Habitation:

That Robert Styles is a hired Servant:

That Thomas Gibson had no Habitation:

That Thomas Bunvll told him, He owed Mr. Bence and Mr. Rouse 8 /. and durlt not vote against them.

John Scarje said, That he had received 30$. a Week since Michaelmas was 12 Month; which was for the Use of the Freemen that were Friends to Mr. Bence and Mr. Wood, and were for King James' Charter; that he kept a Publick-house, and Part of the 30 s. was speut in Meat and Drink, and some of it the Freemen had in Corn; that the 30 s. a Week was continued since the Election, and was to continue till all the Gentlemen met again: That he voted for Mr. Bence and Mr. Wood, upon account of having his Duty paid him: That he had received 27 /. of Mr. Bence, and 271, of Mr. Wood for Meat and Drink spent at the Election:

That he bonwved 10/. of Mr. Bence Two Years ago, and gave his Bond for it; and promised to Hand true to them, and vote for them upon Occasion:

He further laid,' That William Cook had 3/. of Srwat-man, paid by Sir Charles Bloison account of voting for Mr. Bence and Mr. Wood; and he law the Money paid before Michaelmas

That Nicholas Peake loft his Employ in the Brick-kilns; and was promised Two‘Brick-kilns; and had 20 in Money:

That Hasell, that appeared for Mr. Bence and Mr. Wood, promised John Ballard 20 s.:

That Mr. Bence promised Ri. Sommers a Vessel, upon account of voting for them.

Captain Lydcott said, He was accidentally driven by the Tide of Flood into Dunwich Bay; and that-lie heard Sir Robert Rich was on Shore, and be went to pay his Respects to him: That Sir Robert Rich did not know of his being the re; but, when Sir Robert few him, he desired him to go away; for that, otherwise, he would spoil his Election.

Mr. Pacy said, He commanded Stevens not to Come on Shore till the Election was over; and, accordingly, he did not come on Shore, nor lent his Boat, till the Election was over* That he was ViGe*Admiral under Sir Robert Rich; and had a Charge from Sir , That nobody should be drflurbed.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came so these Refofutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, is in the Freemen of the said Borough, commonly called Out-fitters, as well as the Freemen inhabiting within the said Borough.

Resolved, That k is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

F

Cl

Mai

\c\

1

Bringing Plate to be coined.

Stanhop's

Nat.

Preventing Export oi Wool.

8 W. ItL 12° — I J445

That Sir Robert ilick is duly eleffcod a Burgess to serve ih

tWs present Parliament for the said Borough of Dunteich.

Resolved, That it is the topinion of this Committee,

That Henry Ihvenitigltmi Esquire is duly 'cleffced a Bnrgels

to serve in this present Parfkment for the 'said Borough

of Dumcich. J '

1: .;

The First Rcfolufcion being read a Second timej

Sir Robert Rich and Mr. Hcveni/igha/n were heard in

their Places.

And then withdrew.

And the Questbh being put, That the f Joule do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Elc&ion of Burgefl'es to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Dumcich, in the County of Suffolk, is in

the Freemen of the Borough, commonly called Outfitters, as well as the Freemen inhabiting within the Ikid Borough; -

The House divided. -a

The Noes go forth..:

Tellers for the.Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, f?*,1 '[Mr

So. it' was resolved in the'

The Second and Third Resolutions, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, reiblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to encourage the bringing in of milled, broad, and unclipped, Monies, to be exchanged, by Commissioners in the several Parts of this Realm, with the common People, for their clipped Monies; and for the Encouraging of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coined.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Godfry Copley,

Norres:

John Bark . Manley: Affirmative.

J 212. 1127.

Jovis, 13° die

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

SIR John Bollesreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing James Stanhop Esquire, and other s, was committed, That they had made lbme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Clothiers in Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner's have employed many Hundreds of Families in making of Frizes, and other Woollen Manufactures, which uled constantly to be exported; but now' several foreign Merchants privately buy up our English Wool, and export the same beyond Sea; wherewith Foreigners make the said Manufactures, to the Ruin of the Petitioners Trade and Families: And praying, That the House will consider of feme Way to prevent the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool from hence; and to encourage the Importation of Wool from Ireland', is committed: And that Sir Rich. Atkins, Mr. Tho. Foley, senior, Mr. Philip Foley, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Freke, Mr. Puttered, Mr. Tho.Foley junior, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Gxeyn, Mr. Serjeant Bond, be added to the said Committee. Vol. XI.

An "Ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ChamW-to enfllbteUYulrees to exchange Lands of Sir James Chum- ,uin s berlaifte Baronet, an Inftfnt, lying in the common Hill or Field of Salford, in the County of Oxford, for like Quantities of Lands there, in order to the making an Inclosure, was read the Second timte.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Arnold, Sir Sam. B/vnardiston, Mr. Moore, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pudsey, Sir Fra. MolyneuxMr. Colt, Mr.'

Blof'eild, Mr. Bicker staffe, Sir Gcrv. Mr. Owen,

Mr. JVatlingtort, Mr. Baldxeyn, Sir Robert Cotton. Sir Robert Davers, Sir Harry Hobart, "Mr. England, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Earner, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Gendner, Mr. A/olesworth, Mr. PMr. Brother ton, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Richard Atkins,

Mr, Drake, Serjeant Bond, Mr. Blake, Mr. Sloan, Mr.

Stai?jes, Mr. Moyle-, and all that serve for the County of Oxford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Henry Colt, according to Order, presented to the Servants House a Bill for the more easy Recovery of Servants "'arc*. W'ages: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for settling divers Lands and Rents-charges on the Rector of the Church of Maidwell, in the County of ton, in Exchange for other Lands and Tythes, according to several Agreements made between the Patron and the said Rector, confirmed by the Ordinary: And that Mr.

Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Lord Digby, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Wining- Elections — ton, Mr*. Pelham, Mr. Harley, Mr. Arnold, be added to Irregularities the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent irregular qa^1"8 Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning Members to serve in Parliament, is1 committed.

' . TV

Sir Eliah Harvey reported from the Committee, to‘ Harwich whom the Bill for Repair of the Highways in the County Roads, of Essex-, between London and Hamk'h. was committed.

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And an Amendment was made in the Preamble of the Bill, as to another Road.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Graziers, and others. Traders in Price of Cattle in the Market of I Vest Smish London; and Guinea*, also of many Butchers that use the same Market; and of several others, receiving and paying Monies for Cattle bought and sold in the said Market; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That about 40,0001, per Week is returned in the said Market for Cattle; which, for alnioft 12 Months puft, for want of current Silver, hath been paid in Guineas at 30 s. apiece; great Part whereof they are forced to keep by them for Stock to trade with, and are now in their Hands: That a sudden Fall of the Price of Guineas will disable them from supplying the City of London, and Parts adjacent; and will tend to the Ruin of the Petitioners: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Consideration of the Price of Guineas is referred.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Woollendrapers, and Ditto, other Traders, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the

5 X Commerce

13 0 Februariu

Commerce of this Nation is at present brought to a Stand, by the uncertain Value of our Gold; and, our Silver being drawn to a low Ebb, it may prove of ill Consequence to the publick Good, unless speedy Means be taken: That the Petitioners think, a gradual Sinking the Value of our Gold, from one Period of Time to another, will be the only effectual Means to prevent the Designs of unfair Traders, and to make the Loss fall more easy, and less surprising, than by reducing them at once; which will also prevent the Exportation: And praying, That the Gold Coins may be settled, and made current in all Payments, in such manner as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Price of Guineas is referred.

1695.

Amendments to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Quefdon severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to impower the Trustees to borrow any Sum not exceeding 16,000l. at 4/. per Cent, to be employed about the Navigation:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks therein filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Price of A Petition of divers Merchants and Traders, in and

Guineas. about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Badness of our Silver Coins, feme Men have taken Occasion to raise Guineas to 30 s. apiece; which, being about 40 per Cent.

, Value here, above the Proportion of Gold to Silver in any other Part of Europe, hath caused the bringing over to us vast Quantities of Gold; caufrng the Exchange to fall; and, consequently, the carrying out of our Silver, in that disadvantageous Proportion; to the impoverishing the Kingdom: That, notwithstanding the Care taken to reform the Silver Coins, yet certain Persons continue buying and selling G uineas, being employed therein, as they believe, by Persons promoting their private Gain; whereby, they are still kept up to 29 and 30$.; at which Rate the Petitioners are forced to receive them for Debts; but cannot pay them so to the King's Receipts, or upon Bills of Exchange; lb that they are necefiitated to buy Silver Money with their Guineas, at 3, 4, and 5, per Cent. Loss; and thereby contribute to the Gain of those Persons who keep up that Trade: That, at this time, great Quantities of Gold is bought up in, and imported hither from, Holland; where Four of our milled Crowns, and Two weighty Shillings, will purchase a Guinea; the Profit whereby is lb great, that if feme speedy Stop be not put to this pernicious Trade, our milled Money will be melted down, and carried away as fast as it can be coined: And praying the House to take the said Inconveniencies, and Loss of Commerce, into Consideration: and to find feme speedy and effectual Way to prevent the said Abuse.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Price of Guineas is referred.

Ditto. A Petition of several Merchants and Tradesmen of the

City of London, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have of late, through the unsettled Price of Guineas, been imposed upon by Bankers and Goldsmiths; to whom the Petitioners have been compelled to pay Guineas at under 29 sapiece, or what Rate they please to take them at; though the Petitioners have, and mull if they continue trading, received them at 30 apiece of their Customers and Country Chapmen, or elle they must receive no Money, by reason of the Scarcity and Badness of our Silver Coins: And praying, That the Price of Guineas may fall gradually, as the House shall think fit ' Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of the Price of Guineas is referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Lymington vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- E^ettlon-rough of Lymington, in the County of , be

made upon Tuesday Morning next

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetwood Shep- Royal Assent herd, Gentleman-Usher of die Black Rod: 10 BlU*'

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid of Four Shillings in the Found, for One Year, for carrying on the War against France.

An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Mem- ' bers to serve in Parliament.

An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes.

An Act to enable Anthony Earl of > and Henry Grey

his Son and Heir apparent, to make a Jointure for Jemima,

Wife of the said Hen. Grey.

An Act to enable the Lord Francis PaxcleU to charge his Estate with Provisions for his younger Children.

An Act for vesting the Estate late of Sir Nicholas Stoughton and Sir Lawrence Stoughton Baronets, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of their Debts, and raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Sir Nicholas, Stoughton.

An Act to enable Richard Haynes Esquire to settle a Jointure on his now Wife; and to exchange Lands with the Trustees of Thomas Stevens Esquire, deceased.

An Act for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts;

and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir.

An Act to enable John Aunger, and Infant, and his Mother, to make a Lease of his Estate, for the Improvement thereof.

An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Manor of

Barkhampsted; and to pay off the Incumbrances charged on the fame; and to lay out the Overplus in an Estate, to be settled as the said Manor is now veiled.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- BWchingly vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- Election, rough of Blechingly, in the County of Surrey, be made

upon Tuesday Morning next.

Alienating Mr. Secretary Trumball, according to Order, presented Lands in " to the House a Bill to enable the King, his Heirs and Mortmain. Successors, to grant Licence of Alienation of Lands in Mortmain: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Wye and Mr. Price according to the Order of the Day, reported Lugg Navi- ft-om the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the gation. Rivers Wye and Lugg, in the County of navigable,

was committed, That the Committee had made several

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- w»iu vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City Ekaion. oi Wells, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved prie« of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Guineas, of the Price of Guineas.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Palmes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Palmes reported from the said Committee, That

they

HyCoogle-

8 W. III. 13° Februarii.

447

they had made feme Progress in the Matters to them referred. —

Then Mr. Neale, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of what Guineas have been coined, within the Tower of London, since Lady-day last; and for whom:

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Coined for Guineas.

John Paflill - - . 17,000

John Rufden - - - - 21,507

Peter Floyer - - - >39.752

Joseph Fells - - - 6,958

Peter Monger . - - 44,207

John Cartlitch - - - 4i,330

John Johnson - - 36,957

John Partridge - - - 20,572

James Grammar - - - 16,826

Nicholas Smith - - - 62

Andrew Coleman - - - 618

Fulwood Bright - - - 658

Thomas Tifoe - - 4*248

John Gardner - - - 9.799

Benj. Ward - - - - 3.856

Abel Barton - - - - 102

Sir John Sweetapple - - - 13,588

David Lyell - - - 1,469

Sam. Etherington - - - 8

John Partridge -

John Frame and Tho. Gould - >7,257

Geo. Macy - - - - 40

Ralph Gerrard - - - 924

Thomas Hoblon - - 101

Tho. Hayward - - 131

Valentine Haywood - - - 12

John Braffey - - - 23,019

John Emmes . - - 1,338

John Eall - - m 9*9

Peter Mitchon m 44

Tho. Jordan m 111

Richard Smith - - - >,356

Joseph Wilson - 961

Henry Lamb m - 3,238

Robert Halstead m 204

John Ward - 2,021

Richard Adams - 2,654

John Pepys - - - n,393

John Amy - - - - 109

John Jenkins - - 7,564

Geo. Martin - - 3,699

Edw. Harrison - m - 8,437

James Dod - - 6,249

Martha Hammond - - 147

David Lyell -

Edw. MompelTon - - md 8,192

Tho. Seymer - - m 490

John Wood - - - - 31

Richard Hoar - - - 18,181

Sir Fra. Child - - - 41,819

John Coggs - - - - 138

Sir Steph. Evanfe - - - - 5L525

Wm. Parker - - . - 13,882

Edward Lambert - - - - 4,674

Nath. Ragdale - - - 672

Step. Seigneured - - 4,178

Samuel Layfeild - 973

James Sendring m m - 664

James Seymer - - 308

Ben. Overton - - - 152

Jof. Mously - - - 3

Jo. and Nat Hornby - m - 2,956

Fulwood Bright -

Thom. Izod - - - - 2*2 5

John Morgan - 55

Royal African Company - - 21,389

Robert Cuthbert - - - 1,180

Tho. Porter -Vot. XI. - - - 116

Coined for Guineas.

John Midgly - 352

Ben. Levy - - - 7,928

Henry Hankey - - - 1,655

Sam Ferae - m - - 118

Solomon D'Medinus - 3,79

Heniy Bullock - - - - 3,226

Thom. Handcock - - - - 2,267

Edw. Price - - - 96

John Roether - - - 70

Tho. Gilby - - - - ' 72

John Hosea - - - - 832

Wm. Beckford - - - 3,396

Charles Shales - - 3,400

Lord Lucas - - - i>5

Roger Shuller - - - - 563

John RadcliSe - - - m 98

Hen. Bullock - - - + . '

James Hallet . - - - 3,578

Hugh Roberts - - 460

Jolin Scoppins - - - - 233

Tho. Clerk - - - - m 201

Counted of Northampton - - - 21

Henry Beafly - - - - 992

Benj. Lane - 41 - - - 236

Tho. Hitch - - - 338

Jeremi. Griffith - - m - 3,742

Tho. Batsford - - m 7,100

John Goddard - m - - i?0

Ilaac Costa - - - - 667

John Blackborn - - - 820

Math. Pearce - - 393

Hugh North - - 2,275

John Pearfbn - m - 1 1,613

John Morle - - - - 548

Tho. Wellern - - - - 92

Robert Cooper - - - - 212

Sam. Foot - - 1,818

Joseph Knight Alvaro D'Costa - m 849 2,661

Thomas Paiue - - - m 30 V

John D'Costa - - 3,46a

John Laughton - m - - 679

Richard Foot m - 305

John Franck - - - 3,oat

John Brand - - - 136

Nich. Tavernier - - - - 96

Samuel Shepherd - - - m 423

James Booky - - - 524

Nath. Long - - . - mi - 40

Jonath. Forward - - - - 128

William Cook - - 976

Sir Jof. Herne m - - 1,769

Walter Compton m - - - 281

Tho. Hickins - - - - 188

Wm. Wharton - - - 49

Peter Lupart - - - - 503

Sam. Cooke - - - - >7

Sam. Hood - - - - 182

Tho. Newton - - - 5

John Burges - - - - 208

John Gay wood - - - 129

Tho. Andrews - - - 305

John Moller - a - M71

James Herriot - - m - 1,615

Edw. Goddard - - - 107

John Lacufe - - - 30

Sam. Ball - - - - 716

John Hall - - - - 52a

Tho. White - - - - 431

Peter Albert - - - >91

Joseph Marshali - - - m 66r

Henry Adderly - - - - 294

Math. Remmington - - - 32

Charles Tempeit - - - - 57

Peter Ducane - - - 213-

Tho. Hawkes - - mi - no

John

130 — 140 Februarit. A. 1695.

Coined for John Rogers Henry Johnson John Feme

Ben. Overton, Tho. Neale.

Guineas. Sir Henry Hobart, According *0 Order, presented to wimondhani - 554 the House a Bill for Repair of the Highways between Road*.

401 Whnondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk:

609 And the same was received.

— — - — Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

721,280

Ja. Hoar, \ ' Ordered, That Mr. Harvey have Leave to go into the Leave of

Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account A Bill to enable the King, his Heirs and Successors, to Alienating be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who grant Licence of Alienation of Lands in Mortmain, was are to consider of the Price of Guineas. according to Order, read the First time.

RThat the Bill be read a Second time.

Price of — ^Mr. Palmes also acquainted the House, That he was

Guineas. directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Price of Guineas;

The House, accordingly, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Palmes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Palmes reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Morning next.

The House The House being informed,-That, in the Committee, 'revenfal° *oine Words of Heat had passed between Sir Richard Quarreld Atkins and Sir Edward Seymour;

And Sir Richard Atkins being gone out of the House;

Ordered, That they be enjoined not to prosecute that Matter any further*

Ordered, That the Serjeant- do go to Sir Richard Atkins' House, to fee for and bring him to the House.

And he went accordingly, and brought him.

Whereupon, Mr. Speaker acquainted Sir Richard Atkins and Sir Edward Seymour with the Injunction of the Hopfe.

Earl of Ordered, That the Bill for confirming a Grant under

Torrington's the Great Seal of England, to Earl of

ram m Kin£r William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of

Land, Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and meihe Profits ;be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to encourage the Bringing in of milled, broad, and unclipped. Monies, to be exchanged, by Commissioners in the several Parts of this Realm, with the common People, for their clipped Monies; and for the encouraging of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coined.

Bedford

Level.

Bringing Plate to be coined.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Bond have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his A-bfence-Health.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of Servants Wages, Servants was, according to Order, read the First time. Wages.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

7

A Bill for re-vesting in his Majesty the Honour of Tut- Vesting bury, Forest of Needumd, several Parks, Manors, Lands, and Offices, and other Profits, thereunto belonging; and ‘ e rowa' vacating certain Letters Patents therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Paget,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Hevcningham, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Henry Oof, Mr. Foley lenior, Sir John Lcvewn, Mr. Bere,

Sir Wm. Trumball, Mr. Brother ton, Lord Cavendish, Co

lonel Granville, Mr. Lezvis, Mr. Clerke, Mr. }low, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

Bffwyer, Sir Mar. Wivell, Mr. ThoSir Jar. Ashley, Mr. Shakerly, Mr. Moore, Mr. Sir

Biddulph, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Sir Gerv.

Elwes, Mr. Newport, Mr. Halsey, Sir Mr.

Molesv'orth, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Sloan, Mr. Manly, Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Poultney, Mr . BennMr. Cooper, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Btofeihl, Mr. Afonstevcns, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Rmvney, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Co.r, Sir Wm.

riton, Mr. Foley junior; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Derby, Leicester, Warwick , and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in trie Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Rupert Brown was presented to the D>tt0* House, and read; felting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, lor re-vesting in his Majesty the Honour of Tutbury,l'oreft of Nce, several Parks,

Manors, Lands, and Offices, and other Profits, thereunto belonging; and vacating certain Letters Patents therein mentioned: That the Petitioner hath not only great Sums of Money due to him, and legally secured, by and under the said Letters Patents; but also several Estates, and other Demands upon the Premises: And praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the Lord Burleigh have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Aljlence-Occasions.

Veneris, 14* (lie Februarit', 8° Gulielrni Tertii.

Prayers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill to en- Earthen-courage the Manufacture of Earthen-ware: And that fot[urplanu Sir John Leveson Gower do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Punishing A BILL for continuing several former Acts for punish-i) Uf"rE ing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or de-

fert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Muf-ters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Trumball acquainted the House, That Answer ta their Address, That his Majesty would be plealed to issue A'Mrefs. his Royal Proclamation for the Apprehending of Roderick Mackenzee, having been presented to his Majesty, his Majesty had been plealed to give order for ifl'uing his Proclamation accordingly.

A Petition of the Wardens of the Parish Church of Scledt Saviours, in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was Vestries-presented to the House, and read;setting forth, That

the

t

W. III.

14" Februarii.

the Wardens of the said Parish-Church were, by Act of Parliament, made a Corporation in the 32th VIII.: That, in 1,556, a leleft Vestry of Thirty Persons was duly constituted, and since confirmed by Order of King and Council; which Vestry bath, by successive Elections, fairly governed the Affairs of the said Parish, to the great Satisfaction of the Inhabitants: That there is a Bill, now depending in the House, for regulating select Vestries, and preventing Abides arising the reby; which may tend to alter their said ancient Constitution: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

And that Sir Thomas , Mr. Colonel

Perry, Sir John Wolsten, Mr. Braver, Sir John Backnall, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Merchants, relating to the Garbling of Spices, and other Commodities, was referred, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of several Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Town of Derby was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a lew Maltsters and petty Chapmen in Derby, who mind more their owii private Gain than the general Good of that Town, labour, in the Name of the Mayor and Burgesses, to procure an Act of Parliament for making the River Dancent, in the County of Derby, navigable; which, if obtained, will be a great Prejudice to great Part of the Inhabitants of Derby, who get a Livelihood by the Land-carriage of Commodities; and the bring . Corn to Derby, by this Navigation, at a cheaper Rate than the adjacent Land-owners can afford theirs, will divert many of the Farmers from that Market, to the Prejudice of the Innholders of Derby And praying, That the House will prevent the Palfing of the said Act, That the Town of Derby may not be its own Ruin.

Ordered, That the Consideration the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for making the said River navigable is committed.

Biggs'Estate. Sir William Honywood reported from the Committee,

And it appeared,

That there was then due -That, soon after, was paid

And that still is due

- 5,.55.5

- 3,333

449

s. d.

8 7

5 —

£ 2,222 3 7

Garbling

Spices.

Darwent

Navigation.

That, it is probable, there is due the several Sums to the Petitioners; but that he knows not, how the Monies paid have been applied by the Officers: So they mull give an Account what is due to each Officer and Trooper.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, Duties on presented to the House an Account of the Produce of the Sal1, 4tc-Duties upon Salt, and Tonage of Ships; and of what is owing upon the Duties of Coals and Glals.

And the same was read; and is as followeth

The net Produce of the Duties on'

Salt, from the 25th of March 1694, the Commencement of that Act, until Christmas 1695, according to the Account thereof kept by the Deputy Comptroller of the Excile-Accounts, is

The Net Produce of the Duties upon the Tonage of Ships, from the time they commenced, until Christmaslait,

1695, according to the Receiver General's Account thereof, hath been as follow'eth; viz.

>106,798

s.

11

d.

' i

From 1 ft June 1694, to Michaelmas']

1694.....J

From Michaelmas 1694, to

chaelmas 169,5 - - -J

From Michaelmas 1695, to mas 1695 -J

26,504

s.

d.

6i

84,151 12 4i 14,7*3 13 6

£ 125,370 5 5

There was owing, upon the DuO ties on Coals and Glass, on the 1 oth I £. s. d.

of this Inltant as by the >560,038 ——

Certificate of the Auditor of the Re- I ceipt of his Majesty's Exchequer - J

Sic.

Montague, J. Smith.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the to whom the Bill for veiling certain Lands of 'Thomas Biggs Supply to be granted to his Majesty, lor carrying on the and Elizabeth his Wife, lying in Chislet, in the County of War against France.

Kent, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their Children, was committed, That they had made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Inhabitants, of petition from the Borough and free Port of Minbeadin the County of ilmtiead. Somerset, w as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That *#

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

coinGuinrease.

Rotherhith

Dock.

A Bill to take off the Obligation and Encouragement Taking off for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned, Obligation to was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Boyle, according to Order, presented to the House Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Mr. Arnold, Mr. Heveningham,

a Bill to enable Trustees to raise Money for making a wet Dock, and improving the Estate of the Marquis and Mar-chionels of Tavistock, at Rotherhith: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Irish Arrears.

Serjeant Coward, Mr. Clark, Mr. Pierpoint, Lord Co-

ningsby, Sir Win. Lowther, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Chr. Mufgrotoe, Mr. Burdet, Colonel Granville, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Fra. Windham, Sir Rich. Onslow,

Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Price, Mr. Bere, Mr.' Bohun, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Benj. Nacland, Mr.

count

Hill,

the Regiment lately commanded by Brigadier Fillers; who served in the Wars of Ir

That the Regiment was transported from Ireland to England about April 1692:

That their Accounts were adjusted to that Time.

Vol. XI.

Sir Gerv. Elwes, Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Moore, Sir Wivell, Mr. Booth, Sir Sa. Bamardiston, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Henley, Mr. Colt, Mr. Newport, Mr. Hedger, Sir Wm. Honywood\Sir Wm. Ashurst: And they are to

meet this Afternoon at live a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

5 Y An

"Supply Bill; Duties on Wines, &c.

Hfedusey

Coachmen.

45°

And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to permit the African Company to coin such Gold as they shall bring from Guinea: And also, That they have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the Importation of Guineas.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and uponTobacco, and East- India G oods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of several Hackney Coachmen be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

14° — 150 Februarii.

A. 1695.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. . Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Carta apply, ing for Hire.

A Petition of the ancient free Carmen of the City of London was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were made a Fellowship in the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and have ever since continued so: That, in 1681, the City of London paised an Act of Common-Council, That, to prevent Frauds of the Wood-mongers, and pestering the Streets with Carts, no Wood-monger should work any Cart for the Carriage of Fuel, but whatlhould be Part of 420, to be licensed by the President and Governors of Christ's Hospital; which Number was adjudged l'ufficient for Carriage of all Goods, Merchandize, and Fuel, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof: That the Wood-mongers continuing to work such unlicensed Carts upon several Tryals at Law against them, the said Act was adjudged binding: That the City of was prevailed upon to

allow the Wood-mongers 120 Carts above the said 420; by which means, the Petitioners, who pay near 400 I. per Ann. to Christ's Hospital, are become almost destitute of Employment; to the Impoveriftiing of their Families; though the Wood-mongers have been convicted of defrauding the People in their Measures: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the restraining the Carts to their ancient Number; upon which, the Petitioners are willing not only to continue the Rent to the said Hospital, but also to contribute 300 I. per Annum towards the Relief of the Hospital at Greemc

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred tri a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Colt, Sir Sam.

Sir Wm. Askurst, Mr. Guyn, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Moore, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. TrSir Mann. Mr.

Papillon, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Cooper,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Henley, Mr. Newport, Mr.

Pocklington, Sir God/'. Copley, Colonel Mr.

Gardner, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Mr. Foley, Mr.

Norris, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Row I. Guyn, Mr. Bere,

Mr. Hamond, Mr. Thompf, Mr. For, Colonel Perry,

Sir Edw. Ayfeough: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Kncouraging The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

s«amen. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Morning next.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways apd Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Ways and Means.

Sabbati, 15° die Februarii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A BILL for the Repair of the Highways between Wimonbam Wimonham and Attleborough, in the County of "oads* Norfolk, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Trustees to raise Money for making a Rotherhith wet Dock, and improving the Estate of the Marquis and Dock> Marchioness of Tavistock, at Rotherhith, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Clean sing encourage the Removal of Bars; and for the Scouring, Havens-Cleansing, and Deepening, of decayed Havens: And that Mr. Moore do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Supply Bill; whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, by former Duties on Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and Wines* 4ft-East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War against France, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause of Credit, for borrowing Monies upon the Contributions for reversionary Annuities, upon the Act, lately passed, for enlarging the Times to come in, and purchase certain Annuities therein mentioned.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing James Stanhope Stanhope'* Esquire, and others, was read the Third time. &c- Kal-

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing James Stanhope Esquire, and others.

Ordered, That Sir John Bollcs do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Blofeild, according to Order, presented to the Woollen House a Bill for the Encouragement of the Woollen Mailula--Manufactures of this Kingdom: And the same was re- 1 ' ceived.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Conyet'S, according to Order, presented to the Maydwell House a Bill for settling divers Lands and Rents-charge on the Reftor of the Church of May, in the County of Northampton, and his Success'ors; and, in lieu thereof, for settling other Lands, and discharging Tythes, belonging to the said Church; according to several Agreements between the Patron, and the said Rector, made, upon the Inclosing of Lands in Maydwell; and afterwards, with the Consent of the Ordinary, confirmed by several Decrees in the High Court of Chancery: And the Bill was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Gothurst Sale of a Moiety of the Manor of Gothurst, and other Manor. Lands in the County of Buckingham; and for settling other Lands, of greater Vajue, in the County of in lieu thereof: And that Mr. Price do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Church-wardens, Briitoll Hof-Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants, of pitals, ire. the several Parishes, within the City of Bristott, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Citizens of the said

iiCuUl

8 W. III. 15° — 17° Februarii. 451

Regulating

Rlediona.

laid City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Poor of the said City are become numerous, and daily multiply, to the great Charge of the Inhabitants: That, by reason of the Deficiency of the Laws now in force, there" is no sufficient Remedy to stop such Increase; which if not speedily prevented, the Charge will be almost insupportable: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Eretting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the said City, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Day do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir William Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them disagreed, and the Residue agreed, unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made to the Bill at the Table.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Two Universities may return Members to Parliament, without such Qualification, in Estate, as the Bill requires for other Members:

And the same was twice read:

And the Question being put, That the same be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Ycas go forth.

Tellers for the Vcas>(^a,nCT

' [Mr.

Tellers for the Noes.(^.ir J

l^Sir I:

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, # # *

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1143-\ 1 r» 1

J

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Palmes, according to the Order of the Day, re- Price of ported, from the Committee of the whole House, to Guinea*, whom it was referred to consider of the Price of Guineas, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Guineas do pass, in any Payment, at above the Rate of Eight-and-twenty Shillings.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That no Guineas do pals, in any Payment, at above the Rate of Eight-and-twenty Shillings;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yea; . }ifi4.

Tellers for the Noesj^- . }i 29.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France, do receive a Clause pursuant to the said Resolution.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- state of the ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Natiou. House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and particularly of the East India Trade.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of several Hackney Hackney Coachmen be read a Second time upon Thursday Morn- Coachmen, ing next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Aaron Mr. Boyle, from the Commissioners for taking and

Accounts fating the publick Accounts, acquainted the House, That

ccuun . M r. Aaron Smith having been required by this House,

the fourth Intrant, to deliver his Accounts of Monies, by him received, to the said Commissioners, in Ten Days then next, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of this House, they had sent to him to give them Notice when lie would attend them, that they might have a sufficient Number then present to act; and that he did appear before them on Friday last, being the hilt Day allowed him: When they demanded his Accounts, he said, He had them not there; nor gave them any Satisfaction what he had done towards making them up, or when he should do the fame.

Resolved, That Mr. Aaron Smith, not having delivered in his Accounts to the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, according to the Time limited by this House for doing the lame, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending tins House.

Earl of Torniigton's Jrant in Bedford Level.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Great Seal of England, to Arthur Earl of by King William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and mesne Profits; be now read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Vol. XI.

Dunce, 17 die Februarii",

S° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ABILL for settling divers Lands and Rents-charge on Maydwell the Hector of the Parish-Church of in Rectory,

the County of Northampton, and his Successors; and, in lieu thereof, for settling other Lands, and discharging Tythes, belonging to the said Church; according to the several Agreements between the Patron, and the said Rector, made, upon the Inclosing of Lands in May dwell", and afterward, with Consent of the Ordinary, confirmed by several Decrees in the High Court of Chancery; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Pagit, Mr. Sir John Leve- Elections —

son, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Hairy Goff, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Irregularities Bromley, Mr. Henry, Mr. Ilob/yn, Sir Harvey, Mr. officer*01"8

Waller, Mr. Harcourt, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning Members to serve in Parliament, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fown*' to enable John Fownes Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Devon, which were settled on his Marriage; and to settle other Lands, of equal Value, to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved,

170 Februariu

Harwich

Roads.

45*

Resolved \That the Bill be committed to Sir JVm.

Mr. blofeild, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Yard, Lord Hide, Mf. Watlington, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Pepys, Mr. Smith, Mr. Moore, Mr. Freke, Sir John Bolles, Mr. England, Sir Cha.Windham, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Moyle, Mr.

Fuller, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Stokes; and all

the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways between London and Harwich, in the County of Essex, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made;

viz.

Press 4. L. 7. to insert " except Gentlemens Coaches, " Six pence: "

L. 36. to leave out "in," and insert "at;" and to leave out " Shenfeild Street," and insert " Mount-

" nessing

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Hill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Highways between the City of London and the Town of Harwich, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Sir Eliah Hat'vey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A. 1695.

Woollen Ma- A Bill for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manu-nufatfures. fastures of this Kingdom was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

BamfeiJd's

Estate.

A Petition of William Blathwaite the elder, Esquire, on behalf of his Son Wm. Blathwaite the younger, by Maiy his Wife, who was Daughter and Heir of John Winter Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Henry Rogers Esquire, deceased, by his Will, did devise divers of his Manors and Lands, in Somersetshire, to the said John Winter, and to Bamfeild Esquire, Tho. Warr Esquire, and Anne Rogers,

and their Heirs, in Trust, to raise Money to pay his Debts and Legacies; and afterwards to the Use of Alexander Popham Esquire, in case certain Conditions were performed by his Father; other wise, he devised Part of his Estate to the said John Winter, and his Heirs; who left only One Daughter; viz. the said Mary: That there is now before the House a Bill to enable certain Trustees to make, renew and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Warwick Bamfeild, during his Minority; and for laying out the Monies, to be raised thereby, in Purchases, to the same Uses the said Estate now is; which Bill, if the same should pass into a Law, will be very prejudicial to the Interest of the Petitioner's said Son: And praying. That he may be heard, by his Counlcl, again!! the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

to be absent, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at'

Arms attending this House; being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do go out of Town, without Leave first had for the fame: And that Leave for any Member to go out of Town be asked only between the Hours of Twelve and One a Clock.

Mr. Waller, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill, That the solemn Affirmation, or Denial, of A nnaUon' the People, called Quakers may be accepted instead of an Oath: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Wednesday Morn* ing next.

Mr. Manly, according to Order, presented to the House Court* a Bill to ascertain the Jurisdiction of Courts Baron; and Baron, regulate Proceedings in inferior Courts: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Supply Bill; whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by Duties on former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon To- lnes'4c' bacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes,

imported, for carrying on the War against France, is committed, have Power to receive a Claul'e to compound Bonds already taken, for new Impost, or additional Duties, in Cafes where the Trader is reduced to Poverty, by reason of Lolfes during the present War.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Dawson* veiling Part of the Estate of Joseph Dawson Esquire in Estate. Trustees, for the Payment of Debts, and for a Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Allb,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Commis-taking, examining, and stating, the publick Accounts, lioncrsof without any Amendment.

And then the Melfcngers withdrew.

Oa;l

V

iiiifi

Accounts.

Motion for postponing Aihze*.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty; That the Assizes may be put off, for a Fortnight longer than the Times for which they are respectively appointed;

And the Question being put. That That Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,{§' Mn Barker<

Sir John Bolles:

/Sir Fra. Massam, '[Mr. Dcnz. Onslow: So it palfed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Noes,

jl22.

}i83.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Dunes on fider further of the Bill for continuing several Duties, "ineS) &c‘ granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, CommitUe*. That all Committees be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Y

Tellers for the Noes, Uf!‘ry Gough}

' [Mr. Gzcyn:

So it palfed in the Negative.

| 46. } 79-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Call of the House.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House; and that such Members as shall not attend, not having Leave 33

8 W. III.

18° Februani.

455

Bigg*

Juiiate*

Servants

W aiies.

Oaths of Supremacy iu Ireland.

Highway

Laws.

Biliol

College

Kuate.

Mart is, 18° die Februarii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

P a a r f. ft s.

ABI LL for vesting certain Lands of Tho. and Elis. his Wife, lying in in the County of

Kent, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for vesting certain Lands of Thom. Bigg and his Wife, in Chislet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their Children.

Ordered, That Sir William Honesswood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for the more easy Recovery of Servants Wages was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hen. Hutton Colt, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Mr. Phil-

lipps, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John

Wolstenholm, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Manly, Mr. Colt, Mr. Ha nidi, Mr. Wallington, Mr. Bagnold, Lord

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Burdet, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Hurley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm. Williams, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. , Mr.

Blofield, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Thompson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do al'certain the Wages to be recovered by the said BilL

Ordered, That Lord Cast let on, Mr. Mr.

Paddington, Mr Moore, Mr. Mr.

Sir Fra.Molineux, Mr. DolbcMr. Mr. Os-

born, Mr. Brereton, Mr. CSir Gods. Copleij, Mr. Done, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of his Majesty and the late Queen, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Andr. St. John, Mr.

Lord Cornbury , Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bro-therlon, Mr. Car, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Western Carriers, and others, is referred.

Mr. Harcourtreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to ascertain and settle the Payment of the Impropriate Tythes of the Parish of St. Lawrence, Old Jewry, London, to the Master and Scholars of College in

Oxford;and for confirming an Award made concerning the same; was committed; That they had examined the fame; and made one Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W'here the same was twice read; and disagreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Courts Baron. A Bill to ascertain the Jurisdiction of Courts Baron;

and regulate Proceedings in inferior Courts; was read the First time.

And the Qucfiion being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Dunvent A Petition of the Alayor and Commonalty of the

Navigation. C'ity of York was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That their Trade and Commerce with their Neighbours doth very much depend on the Navigation of the Biver Ouze; and that if the Iliver Dancent, in the County of Derby, should be made navigable, it will be very prejudieial to the Petitioners laid Commerce and Yot. XL

Trade: And praying, That the House will not pals any Act for making the said River of Darwent otherwise navigable than now it is.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said River of Darwent navigable is committed.

A Petition of the Tradesmen and Inhabitants of the Darwent Town of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, was Na,‘galion* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the Petitioners conceive, the Bill for making of the River Daru'ent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will be such a general Good, and such an Increase of Trade, that it will mightily over-balance all the Arguments that have or can be offered against the said Navigation: And praying, That the said River may be made navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Account, for- Guinea* meriy presented to the House of what Guineas have been coined, coined in his Majesty's Mint within the Tower of London, fine e Lady-daylaft, and for whom, be referred to the Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Colt, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir John Bolles, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Jos. Tyly, Mr.

Bridges, Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm.York, Mr. Ogle, Sir Gen.

Ehees, Lord Digby, Mr. How, Sir Gods. Copley, Mr.

Hoare, Lord Ashley, Sir Dio. Day, Mr. Air.

Yates, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Sloan, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. Momtexens, Sir Chat Carteret, Mr.

Norres, Sir Steph. France, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Harley, Air.

Coopei', Sir Robert Cotton, Colonel Sir Henry

Colt, Mr. Elwill, Mi\ Baldwyn, Mr. Law acts. Sir Henry Hobart, Lord Powlet, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Biddulph, Sir Tho. Middleton, Sir Hen. Goff, Mr. Bt'othertun, Sir Walt.

Yang, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Moore,

Sir Rich. Atkins, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Austen, Mr.

Bethell, Mr. Whitacre, Sir Cha. Windham: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impoweredtofend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Air. Henley, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Swift, Briftoll Air. Brother ton, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Wa'-er* Sands, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Cox, Mr. Mountague, be added v,orks‘ to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better supplying the City of Bristoll with fresh Water is committed.

Mr. Tredenham, according to Order, preferred to the Coparcenary House a Bill for the more easy obtaining Partitions of Lands. Lands in Coparcenary: And the same was received.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom F;nes of the Bill for proclaiming Fines of aucient Demesne-lands ancient was committed. That they had examined and considered Demefn* the fame; and directed him to report the same to the Lands> House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, and other sufficient Sele<a Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in Vestrus. Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish has, before the Memory of Alan, been governed by a ielect Vestry of Twenty-five Persons, who have hitherto managed the Affairs of the Parish, to the Satisfaction of the Inhabitants: That there is a Bill now depending in the House, for Regulating of select Vestries, and preventing Abuses arising the reby; which may tend to alter their ancient Constitution: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

5 Z icfcrred

18° Februarii. 1695,

referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Marshal's Ordered, That the Bill to regulate and restrain the Pro-Court. ceedings in the King's Court of the Palace of

called the Marshal's Court, be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Council of A Bill for constituting a Council of Trade was, accord-Trade. ing to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Pelham have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, his Lady being very ill.

Garbling Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Spices. whom the Petition of the West-India Merchants, relating to the Garbler of Spices, was referred, be made upon Friday Morning next

Limington Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, Election. reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Liming ton, in the County of Southampton, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of John Pitt Esquire, and William Clark Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Esquire, and Thomas

Dore Esquire, for the Borough of in the County of Southampton:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That, for the Petitioners, it was insisted, That was a Borough by Prescription; and the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough paying Scotland Lot.

That, on the other Side, it was insisted, That Lymington was a Corporation by Prescription; and the Right of Ele£lion was in the Mayor and Burgesses only.

And it w as agreed, That if the Right was as is alleged by the Petitioners, that the Petitioners were elected; and that if the Right was as is alleged by the Sitting Members, that the Sitting Members were elefited.

That, to prove the Right in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, the Petitioners produced several Returns; viz.

26 Eliz. Which fays, the Mayor, and Five Burgesses, and Four more in the Return named, and others of the Commonalty, elected.

2S Eliz. In the same Form.

30 Eliz. In the same Form.

39 Eliz. In the same Form.

43 Eliz.In the same Form.

That, for the Sitting Members, to prove the Right of Election in the Mayor and Burgesses only, was produced the fallowing Returns; viz.

i* Jac.Which fays, The Mayor, and Thirteen Burgesses

therein named, elected: — The Return under their Seals.

21 Jac. The Mayor, and Eight therein named, and other Burgesses, elected.

1 8 Jan. 1 Car. I. Mayor, and Burgesses generally, defied: — The Return under the Common Seal.

12 Apr. i* Car. I. Mayor and Burgesses elected: — The Return under their Seals.

3* Car. I. Mayor and Burgesses defied: — The Return under their Seals.

1.5 Car. I. The same Form.

i(i Car. I. Mayor and Burgesses defied: — The Return under the Common Seal.

'litat, lurther to prove a Corporation by

Prescription. the Sitting Members produced Two anrient

Deeds; viz.One dated. Die Veneris, festo sancti berti, 70 Ed. III. being a Grant from the Burgesses and Community of the Town of Southampton, to Little-care and Roger Gust, of New Lymington, and the Burgesses of the said Town, and their Successors, of certain Privileges:

That the other Deed was dated, 10 H. IV.; and was a Grant by Robert Draper, who is called Lymington, and the Burgesses of the said Town, of a Piece of Land to John Pepwhit his Heirs and Assigns: — This Grant was under the Common Seal.

That, ‘ upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to thele Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of defling Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lymington, in the County of Southampton, is not in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Lymington is only in the Mayor and Burgesses of Limington.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Burrard and Thomas Dore El'quires are duly defied Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Limington.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Colonel GranvilIalfo reported, from the Committee of Bleclringly Privileges and Eltflions, the Matter, touching the Election Eiectiou. for the Borough of Bleching/y,in the County of Surrey, as it appeared to the Committee, upon the First Hearing before the said Committee; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, and also the Matter of Fast, upon the new Evidence before them, upon the Recommitment; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Committee, upon the Re-commitment of the Consideration of the Merits of the Election of Blech-ingly, have heard the Evidence on both Sides, not before heard, according to the Instruction given them upon the Re-commitment.

And, to answer the Evidence given by Mr. Drake, to justify the Votes of John Russell and William Russell; which Drake proved a Deed of Conveyance to John Russell and William Russell, dated 20th January 1678;

For the Sitting Members, were called,

Blake: Who said, He lived in the House supposed to be John Russell's; but paid his Rent to his Father, till the Half-year ending at lait Michaelmas: And he said, John Russell brought in Shaw before Michaelmas, to repair his House; and had voted before.

William Withers said, He lived in the House owned by Wm. Russell; but his Father John Russell received the Rent; and particularly the Rent due at last and that lie paid the Rent to his Father, in his own Right:

But said, That William Russell, Four Years ago, did lay.

That House was his.

As to Edward Haberfeild, whose Tenant was Barnet;

they called,

Jer.Bainct: Who said, He paid his Rent to Esquire Evelyn; and never heard that Mr. Haberfeild was his Landlord.

As to Richard Jewell and John Jeu'ell, to whom, it was proved, there was a Conveyance of all those Messuages called the Green Dragon, known by the Name of the Shopps; they called,

Thomas Burton: Who said. It was anciently but One Vote:

That as to Thomas Hug get's House, he never knew it have any Vote before: That Grisbrooke had it many Years, and never voted for it: But said, Grisbrooke had another House at the same time:

That

T

Heron's

EiUte.

Cyder's

Elute*

Nafiaii's

Nat.

Wells

Election,

8W. III. 18 0 Februar455

That John Grisbrook was a Minor; and proved, by a

Copy of the Register, That he was baptized nth of August 1675.

II 1/Ham Miles, Win. Gourd, said JBlechingly House was a CustomaryHouse, and Customary Houses, had no Vote; and that Nicholas Cooper did not vote for it, as was testified by Jewell; but was turned back: And named his own, and other Customary Houses in the Borough, that had no Votes.

Thomas Burton laid, That Richard Hayes junior had but One House that formerly voted; That the House the old Man bought was upon the Upland, and had no Vote: But he further said, That Rickard Hayes junior his House had been made into Two Tenements near Twenty Years; and, though they were under One Roof, they had Two Doors to the Street.

The Petitioners called only One Witness;

John Russel senior: Who said, That he accounted for the Rent he received of William Withers to his Son William Russell; and both his Sons had voted several Years; and Five or Six Years for Sir Robert Clayton.

And allb the former Report was read.

And the Question being put. That Maurice Thompson Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Surrey;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Heron Baronet to fell Lands, for Payment of a Portion, and Debts: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act to confirmr and establish an Exchange made between Thomas Ryder Esquire and C/rm-topher Clithero Esquire, of certain Messuages in London, for the Manors of Bilsington, and other Lands, in Kent, of the like Value:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry de Nassau, and other Children of Seignor 1)' Auxerquerk, without any Amendments.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

Colonel Granville also, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the City of Wells, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of Harry Bridges Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Edward Berkly Esquire to serve for the City oil Veils;

The Committee have examined the Merits of the Election.

That the Petitioner insisted, the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot.

On the other Side, it was insisted, for the Sitting Member, That the Right of electing was in the Mayor, Matters, and sworn Burgesses, only; and that no Poll was duly demanded for the Inhabitants.

That, for the Petitioner, were called,

Samuel Pkelp, Ri. Thomas, Win.Merifeild: Who testi-

fied, That at the last Election, a Poll was taken on behalf of all the Freemen of Wells; and the Poors Book was brought: That, a little after the Precept was read for this Election, Sam. Phelp, being a Freeman, and desired by VoL. XI.

fSir Walter Young, [Mr. Chadwick: /Sir Henry Goff, [Mr. Bromley: the Affirmative.

| 161.

} 131-

aliout 150 Freemen then present, who were for the Petitioner, did demand a Poll on their behalf; and the Mayor said, He would consider of it: That the Mayor took the Poll of the Burgesses; and then declared the Sitting Members elected without Polling the Inhabitants:

That Phelps, upon the Declaration, did say, That he had nothing more to lay, for his Part.

But the said Witness'es could not say. That after the Burgesses were polled, nor all the time they were catting up the Numbers, and before the Declaration of the Election, any Poll was demanded; and that Mr. as

present, and did not demand the Poll: But, after the Election was over, many of the Inhabitants followed the Mayor, and demanded to be polled; w:hich he refused;

And thereupon, afterwards, at lealt Sixty of the Inhabitants signed an Indenture for the Petitioner.

That, for the Petitioner, was also produced King Charter to Wells;by which it is granted, Quod

ejusdem, &; hceredes eor, liberi shit:

And the Returns following;

17 Edw. IV. Magister Wellen' <§ communitas ejusdem civilat' eleger'.

30 Elis. In the same Form.

31 Car. Mayor, Mefter, and Burgesses, elected John Hall and Wm. Canard Esquires. And

Wm. Meryfeild, Ri. Gal/inglon, testified. That Mr. Berkly was, at that time, elected by the greater Number of the Burgesses: But Mr. Hall carried by the Addition of several Freemen; which gave him the Majority: And that Counsellor Keen took the Poll of the Freemen:

And Galling ton said. He was a Freeman, and no Bur-

gefs; and voted for Mr. Hall at that Election.

That, for the Sitting Member, was called,

Mr. Trim, the Town-Clerk: Who said, That he was at the last Election: That Mr. Serjeant Coward, Colonel Windham, and Colonel Berkly declared, That they w ould be elected by the sworn Burgesses:

That tha Petitioner said nothing, but polled as a Burgess: That, when Phelps demanded the Poll, he told him,

He might have the Manners to let the Burgesses poll first: That, during the time the Burgesses wras catting up, all was quiet; and that the Mayor declared the Poll: And that Colonel Windham said to Phelps, You had something to say e'en now; What do you say ? And Phelps anl'wered,

He had nothing to say:

That the Petitioner was present when the Mayor declared; and never demanded a Poll; That only One Burgess voted for the Petitioner; but there were a great many Freemen in the Hall; And afterwards (a) [they adjourned] to the Common Council-House; where the Indentures were sealed.

For the Sitting Member were also produced several Returns; viz.

1* Ph. § Mar. Magister burgide Welles, § burgenses ejusdem burgi, clegerunt.

14 Eliz. Magister, & burgenses, elegerunt.

39,43 Eliz. 1 Jac. 3 Car. 15 Car. 13 Car. Ildi 25 Car. Ildi. Mayor, Matters, and Burgesses, elected.

Richard Fryer, aged 68 Years, said, He knew Sir Ralph Hoptonand Mr. Baker elefcted, before the War

broke out, by the Mayor, Matter, and Burgesses; and that he believes he was present at Esquire 1 lull's Election; and that Mr. Hall was elected in the same manner.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset, is only in the Mayor, Matters, and Burgesses, of the said City.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'That Edward Berkly Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wells.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

0 And

(a) Supplied from the original Repor.

1 f

‘I

456

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die;

8* Gulieltni Tertii.

Praters.

Dawson's A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vesting the Estate of Joseph Dawson El'quire in

Trullees, for Payment of Debts, and for a Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Coal-wharfs, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to af-kf' certain the Damages, and settle the Rents, upon Coal-

wharfs and Way-leaves, within the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the Town and County of

castle upon Tyne: And that Sir Blackett do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Prohibiting A Petition of the Say-makers and Worsted-yarn-makers, India Silks, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge, was presented Callicoes,&c. to the House, and read; setting forth, That Norwich Worstead-Stu fis are made of Says and Worsted-yarn, which employs many Thousand Families in making them, and consume great Quantities of Wool: That the Peti-

tioners Trade was formerly much obstructed by the vast Quantities of East-Ind'uiSilks, Bengals, and Callicoes, used here; but since the East India Company has been under some Discouragement, and little of their Commodities imported, the Petitioners Trade is much increased; which hath advanced the Price of Wool: That the East India Company have petitioned the House for establishing their Trade to India by Act of Parliament: which w ill be very ruinous to the Petitioners Trade, unless a Prohibition be laid upon the Consumption of wrought Silks, Bengals, and Callicoes, in England: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premites, that lb considerable a Manufacture may not be loft to the Nation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and Particularly the East India Trade.

Pare of Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee,

Jurors. to whom the Bill for the Ease of Jurors: and better Regulating of Juries; is committed; That they do receive a Haute to continue the Act for returning able and fuffident Jurors; which is near expiring.

Duties on Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom Ghifs, Ac. jt wag referre(j to consider of the Act, made the last Parliament, for granting to Iris Majesty certain Duties upon Glals Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coal, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France -, and of the Doubts and Complaints relating the reunto; the Matters which appeared to the said Committee, upon the several Petitions referred to their Consideration; and the Doubts and Complaints relating to the said Act; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table. Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Wy«- an ! An ingrossed Bill for making navigable the Rivers of trfUoi)N lVl" ">»nd Luggyiathe County of was read the

1 ' Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, 'Phut the Earl of Kent Audi make and maintain a Lock, at his own Charge, to confilt with the Navigation, of the River, at or near the new Weir; or, in delimit thereof, the Trufftees may do the lame.

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up by the House:

A. 1695.

Then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, for making void all Contrafts between the Earl of Kent and his Lessees, for Liberty to fish in the said Rivers, upon Repayment of the Fines paid for such Liberty:

And the Clause was twice read: and the Blanks filled up by the House j and then read a Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That if the said Navigation - be not made practicable for Nine Months in a Year, the Trustees shall repay to the several Persons all such Monies as shall be levied; and to give good Security to do it:

And the Clause was once read;

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for making navigable the Rivers and Lugg, in the County of Hereford,

Ordered, That Mr. Price do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Lord Francis Penckt was presented Privilege of to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Pcti- Member i* tioner is seised, in Fee, of the Farm of Fryar Waddon, in a Smt> the Parish of Horsham, in the County of Dorset, by Settlements under his Grandfather; which Farm has formerly, been lettat above 600 L per Annum: That Sir Nath. Nap-pier, a Member of this House, claims a Remainder, but re-fulcs to lliew by what Title, of feme Term of Years therein, which determined in 1G93 or 1694, as informed: That Sir Nath.having suffered the gi eateft Part of the Housing

and Walls to fall down, and threatening to commit great Watte, the Petitioner, after the Difiblution of the last Parliament, caused an Entry to be madeon the said Estate, and filed a Bill in the Exchequer, to stay Waite; and brought an Action against William who is in Possession; to which Bill Sir Nathaniel answered: That, about the First of February instant, Sir Nathaniel sent his Agent, Mr. Patience, to acquaint the Petitioner, That he infilled on his Privilege; and protested Masterman as his Tenant; since which the Petitioner has not proceeded in Law or Equity; and told Mr. Patience, That he would not proceed any further: That, about 5 th of in-

stant, Sir Nath, by Mr. Patience, required a Lease of the said Estate for 5 Years; and the said Bill to be take oft' the File, and the said Action to be dil'continued; or else, he declared, That Sir Nathaniel would complain to this House for a Breach of Privilege: And praying the House to take his same into Consideration, and to do therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill, That the solemn Affirmation, or Denial, of the Quakers People called Quakers, may be accepted instead of an Ailinmitio#. Oath, was according to Order, read the First time.

Rif deed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Debtors Richard Jio/jbrd: Relief.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,.....for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, or Damages, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Supply Rill ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^ul> House, to consider of the Bill for granting several Rates,

18 or

19* Februa.

Euni filing Mutiny and Dei'erliou.

Encouraging

Seaineu.

Ways and Means

"State of the Nation.

Heron's

Elhte.

Wimondbam

lloads.

Avon

Navigation.

or Duties,' upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

Resolved \That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider of the Bill for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or deiert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing falle Musters; and Payment of Quarters.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen was committed, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and particularly the East India Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Granville allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and particularly the Trade to

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jot is, 20* die Februarii; 8* Gulielmi Tertii.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Preventing

in the County of Devon, trading Men in the Woollen u‘

Manufactory, was presented to the House, and read; 00

setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, the Port of Bridguater hath petitioned the House to make it a

Staple Port for the Discharge of Iris Wool; which, formerly, has been several times attempted in Parliament, but could not be accomplishcd: That the Petitioners have, Time out of Mind, been furnished with the said Wool conveniently from Minehead; but fear they shall be put to great Charge and Trouble to fetch it from Bridguater; and conceive it hot for the general Good of the Country to make Bridguater the Staple Port, but the Interest of feme private Persons: And praying that Bridgwater may not be made a Staple Port.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Cricklad* Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of be made

upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- privilege, vileges and Elections, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Sir Nathaniel Na Member of this House, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Precon vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the County Elation, of Brecon, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

A Petition of Obadiah Wood, John Newton, Gerrard Iiifli Arrear*. Cook, and others, on behalf of then delves, and the rest of the Attendants on the Train of Artillery in Ireland, &c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners constantly served the said Train till Ireland was reduced; and have served in Flanders, and other Trains, ever since; but cannot receive their Arrears for their Service in Ireland, though many of the said Train are paid; viz.Colonel Richards, Comptroller Airway,

Secretary March, Captain Brawn, and many others: And praying the Assistance of the House, That the Petitioners may be paid, as well as others.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commissioners for taking and stating the Publick Accounts: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Ilcron Baronet to fell Lands, for Payment of a Portion and Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for Repair of the Highways between Wimond-ham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hobart, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mr. Sloane, Sir

Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Wm.Cordon, Mr. Gardner, Mr.

Pcpys, Sir GereasEhccs, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Cooper, Mr.

Frozen, Sir Rob. Dovers, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. England, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Fuller, Sir Ri. Onslow, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Moore, Mr. lVatlington, Mr. Acton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Hoar, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Slater, Mr. Loather, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Colt, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Onslow;and all thatfcrve for the Counties of Cambridge, Norfolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable, be read a Second time upon this Day Scvennight.

Vol. XI.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for the further Regu- Regulating lating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament Election», be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Fra. Molyneiuv, Mr. Pocklington, Servant* Sir John Austen, Mr . Hoare, Mr. Yates, Mr. Whitacre, "ages, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Servants Wages is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Ph. Bertie, Sir John Bueknall, Mr. Carts Blofeild, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Speke, Mr. White, applying Lord Cornbury, Sir John Turner, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. for Thornhagh, Mr. Halsey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the ancient Carmen of the City of London is referred.

Mr. Godolphin reported from the Committee, to w hom Taking off the Bill for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement Obligation for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed, and the rest agreed, unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

6 A Ordered,

458

20* — ai° Februarii.

J. 1695.

Supply Bill; Duties on AViues, See.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of Or That the Consideration of the said Petition be the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former referred to the said Committee.

Afits, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, apd

East India Goods, and other Merchandizes, imported, for Colonel according to the Order of the Day, ;f*

m ‘ ~ ~ ' NdXKH.--

India Trade.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Halfpence and Farthings.

carrying on the War against France, to offer a Clause for the Entry of a coarse Sort of Linen, commonly called Boors-laps; paying Duty ad valorem.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Supprefiing of Hawkers and Pedlars was committed, be made Tomorrow Sevennight.

reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to ceniider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and particularly the Fast-India Trade; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the

Earl of Torrington's Grant in Bedford Level.

Ditto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Complaint concerning the Farthings and Half- That the joint Stock for carrying on the Trade to pence was referred, be made in a full House. East Indies shall not exceed I wo Millions.

That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said joint Stock of Two Millions be raised by new Subscriptions, regard being had to the real Value of the Stock of the present Fa ft-India Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Subscriptions shall commence on the First Day of May 1696.

A Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Great Seal of England, to Arthur Earl of Tby King William and Queen Mari/, of several Parcels of Land, Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Mesne Profits; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And the Petition of the Countess of Dorchester, which lay on the Table, was read; letting forth, That King Charles the I Id, by Letters Patents, dated 140 in the 13th Year of his Reign, did grant unto the late Duke of York, his Heirs and Assigns, divers Lands, being Part

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Colonel Granville, Sir Tho.

Mr. John fan, Mr. Attorney-General, Sir Williams, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Finch, Mr. Mr.

gttc, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Mr. Moor,

Mr. Pupillion, Sir Ji'm. CoriSir John Fleet, Mr.

of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level: . ... , ..

That the said Duke, by Indenture, dated the 3d March S na[‘J or \ne of tl,0i" ' d« PreParc'ra,1( b/l % ,n' 1683, did grant a Rent-charge of 600l. per Ann.hiding the Bill; And theyaic to have I ovvei to lend or tr-

out of the said Premises, to certain Trustees, in Trull, for the Petitioner, during her Life; which Indenture is entered in the Fen-Ollice: That, his Majesty and the late Queen Mary having made a Grant to the Earl'of Farrington of the said Premises, chargeable with the said Rent-charge, the Petitioner demanded her Arrears, amounting to above 4,0001.; which the said Earl refilled to pay; and, thereupon, the Petitioner preferred her Bill in Chancery against the said Earl, and her Trustees, to compel an Execution of the said Trust, and to recover her said Arrears; but the Earl of Torrington inlists on his Privilege; and the Petitioner hath had no Benefit by her said Bill: That this House hath given Leave to bring in a Bill for confirming the said Grant made to the Earl of Torrington; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Mesne Profits of the Premises: And praying, That the said Bill may not pals in Prejudice of the Petitioner's Right'; hut that her Right to the said Rent-charge may be ratified, and confirmed, by the said Bill.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Nocsi|ir t Davcr.,

[Sir Henry Gaffe:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is committed to Mr. Ilarlcy, Sir diston, Colonel Grancill, Sir Sir Lowther, Mr. Geo. Bridges, Mr. Lord Mr.

Jlevcningham, Mr. Boyle, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Sir Row.

| 198. 106.

foils, Papers, and Records.

The House ref jived itself into a Committee of the Ways and whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for Means, railing the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War agaii.lt France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Refulutions; which they had directed liiin to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several *)!"K's"n Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Committees.

Veneris, 21° die Februarii; 8° Gulielmi Tertii.

P RAVE II S.

Gxcynn, Sir Hen.Colt, Mr. Foot Onsloxv, Mr. Bardett, A PETITION of the Town of Southwell, in the Darwent

Mr. Mansteoens, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Yates, Go- ii County of Nottingham, with other Towns adjacent Navigation.

Ionel Perry, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Tredenhum, Mr. thereto, was presented to the House, and read; lotting

lloblyn, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Moore, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Mown-forth, That the Town of gives the heft Price for

/ague, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Norres, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Corn thereabouts; whither the Petitioners carry it, and

Newport, Sir Rich.Onslow, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Gxcyn, Mr. bring back Coals, with which many Families pay their

Mafbn, Lord Cutis, Mr. Burringlon, Lord Paxclet, Mr. Rents: That if the Bill now before the House, for making

Gary, Mr. Webb, Mr. Loxclhcr, Mr. JYoodrqfje , Mr. Sloan, the River Dam ent, in the County of Derby, navigable,

Mr. Foley, Mr. May daunt, Mr. Hammond, Sir Wm. Wit-should pals, it will lessen the Trade of the Town of -

hams, Sir Scroop IIozv, Mr. Sc. Tredenhum, Mr. Burt let; Jcild, w ho fell Malt to those Countries the Town of Derby, end all the Members that serve for the County of Lin-fell unto; and, consequently, the Price of the Petitioners coin: And all that come are to have Voices: And they Corn will be brought lower, and their Coals come home, are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the the heavier: And praying. That they may be heard, to Speaker's Chamber. shew their Ileafons against Palling of the said Bill.

18

Stamford

Election.

Coparcenary

Lands.

Fown«s'

Eliate.

Guineas

coined*

Ve fling Tutbury in tike Crown.

Servants

Wu^es.

Fvder's

Eliate.

Kotberhitli

Church.

.Addrek for the speedy equip ping tie Navy.

Maid well lleciory.

8 W. III. 2i° Febru. 459

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Pury Oust have Leave to withdraw Ills Petition touching the Election for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of L

A Bill for the more easy obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Wm. Coritonreported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Townes Esquire to fell certain Lands, in the County of Devon, which were settled on his Marriage; and to settle other Lands, of an equal Value, to the same Uli's; was committed; that they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitaere, Mr. IF Sir Sa.

Barnardiston, Mr. Clark, be added to the Committee to whom the Consideration of the Account of Guineas coined at the Tou-ei' since Lady-day last, is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for revefting in his Majesty the Honour of Tulbury, Forest of Necdwood, several Parks, Manors, Lands, and Offices, and other Profits, thereunto belonging; and vacating certain Letters Patents therein mentioned; is committed; do report the Matter, touching the Petition of Rupert Brown, specially, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Servants Wages is committed, have Power to receive a Claufo for the Punching of such as shall steal Fruit, Turneps, and other Roots.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and cftublish an I'xchange made between Thomas Ryder Esquire, and Chris Esquire, of certain Messuagesin London, for the Manors of and other Lauds, in Kent, of the like Value, was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Trustees to raise Money for making a wet Dock, and improving the Estate of the Marquis and Marchionels of Tavistock at was read a*

Second time.

Refdvcd, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers, Sir Alarm.Wiveil, Lord Digby, Sir Ti/y, Sir John Bolks,

Mr. diamond, Sir Fra.Alassam, Mr. Lord Russell,

Mr. Whit acre, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Grey, Sir Robert

vers, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Mr. Frewen, Sir Ro. Cotton, Sir Wm. Coriton, Lord Russel, Mr. Arnold, Colonel Gibson, Sir Richard Atkyns, Admiral Russell, Mr. A fount ague, Mr. Sir Thomas Lit-

tleton, Mr. Farrer, Lord Edw. Russell, Mr. , Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. England, Sir Geo. Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Colt, Sir Ri. Onslow, Lord Mr.

Foley. Mr. Bakkryn, Colonel Lord

Mr. Boyle, Sir liar.Hobart, Lord Mr. Wal-

linglon, Mr. Bhfield, Sir Wm. Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Tredenham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, Nomine contradicenle, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to give effectual Orders for the speedy Manning, and felting forth of the Navy Royal to Sea.

A Bill for settling divers Lands, and Rent-charge, on the Rector of the Church of in the County of

Vol. XI.

Northampton, and his Successors; and, in lien thereof, Tor settling other Lands, and discharging Tythes belonging to the said Church; according to tcveral Agreements between the Patron and the said Rector, made upon the Inclosing of Lands in Alaiduill; and afterwards, with Consent of the Ordinary, confirmed by several Decrees in the High Court of Chancery; was read a Second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers,

Lord Ashley, Mr. Culliford, Mr. NSnjohn Holies,

Sir Joe. Ashley, Sir Fra. Alassam, Mr. Sir

Ro. Davers, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Ash, Mr. Daniell, Mr.

Brother ton, Mr. Henley, Sir William Mr. Bald-

wyn, Mr. Coll, Mr. Papillian, Sir Henry Colt, Mr.

J'eild, Sir Alarm. If hell, Lord Robert Russell, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Fleming, Mr. JVhilacre, Lord Edward Russell, Mr.

Burdet, Mr. England, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Sir

Tho. Roberts, Admiral Russell, Mr Sand ford, Mr.

Mr. Blake, Mr. How, Sir Wm. Lowllier, Mr.

Mr. Sieift, Mr. ALoore, Mr. Frewen, Sir diston, Mr. Llolmcs, Mr. Farrer, Lord Coningsby, Mr.

Stockdale; and all that serve for the County of Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. PapilUon, according to Order, presented to the Hegiflerof Floufe a Bill for registring of Bills of Sales of Ships and Ships.

Vessels: And the Bill was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Lacon Wm. Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Rukham'* making good the lull Will of Sir William Ba- Eume.

ronet, deceased: and vetting of Lunds in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children: And alto,

A Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell the Mklfords Manor of Pespoole, in the County of Part of the Estate.

Estate of William Midford, an Infant, for Payment of Debts, and Incumbrances charged thereon; and for pro serving the rest of the said Infant's Estate:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this Iloule.

And theu the Mcliengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Rosse Bridge taking oft the Duty of Pontage upon Bridge; and for the maintaining the said Bridge at the Charge of the County of Hereford:And that the Lord Coningsby and

Mr. Thomas Foley junior do prepare, and bring, the Bill.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and Stretching other Inhabitants, of the City of Exon, trading and con- Woolkw cerned in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That although all Persons are prohibited from using any Instrument for stretching the Drapery of this Kingdom, yet several Persons at Exon use an Engine, called a Skee, wherewith they stretch Cloth, to the Detriment of the said Manufacture, and the Petitioners: And praying. That some speedy Courte may be taken to prevent the Use of the said Engine.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

A Petition of several Tradesmen who served the late Creditors of Queen Mary, on behalf of themselves, and others, was late Q,ieen presented to the House and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, in their several Trades, served the said , Queen with Commodities, at reasonable Rates, before her Departure; for which they have received no Satisfaction: That, some time since, there was a Bill in this House, for vesting in his now Majesty and the late Queen the Lands and Estate of the said Queen; and, upon the Petitioners Application, this House ordered a Clause for their Relief; but that Session ended before anything done therein: That the Petitioners are informed, those Lands have been granted to certain Persons, by Privy-

1

r

21° — 22°

1695.

Preventing

Robberies.

Seal, without any Regard to the Petitioners Right; and that a Bill is now depending in this House, for confirming a Grant, under the Great Seal of England, to Earl of Torrington, by King Jand Queen Mary,

of several Parcels of Land, Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Mesne Profits; whereby, the Petitioners are advised, they shall be utterly excluded from receiving any Satisfaction for their just Debts: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premilfes; and that they may be heard before the Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Daniel Beckman and Charles Citizens of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That frequent Robberies committed in this Nation is one of the greatest G rievances thereof; and Committees were appointed, in the Two lad Sessions, to consider of more effectual Ways to prevent the fame: That the Petitioners conceive, they can propose such Methods as will entirely remove and prevent such Robberies for the future; and thereby also raise feme Hundred thousands of Pounds to the Government: And praying, That they may be heard by the House, to offer their said Methods to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do hear the Petitioners; and report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Bol/es, Mr. Harrison, Sir

Godfry Copley, Mr. Burdet, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. ford, Mr. Tyly, Mr. How, Sir Jacob , Mr.

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Mr. White,

Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Alarm. Mr. Mr. Wal-

ler, Sir IFm. Coriton, Mr. ThSir Tho. Dyke, Sir Henry D. Colt, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Alouitfaguc, Mr. Colt, Mr. Pocklington, Colonel Pe, Sir , Mr.

Farrer, Sir John Alamvaring, Mr. Bohun, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Rich. Atkins, Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Walter Yung, Lord Sir Wm. Lvrw-

ther, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Norres, Mr. Freke, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Elson, Mr. Manley, Mr.

Mr. Alordaunt, Mr. Eh cell:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That an Estate in Reversion of double the Values required by the Act shall qualify such Reversioner to be a Member to serve in Parliament:

And the same was twice read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It palfed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Act shall not extend to the City of London:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Preamble of the Bill, L. 3, to leave out " at this Time

And the same was, upon the Question put, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for } ,50.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Title to be, An Act for the further Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir William Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Garbling whom the Consideration of the Petition of the West-India ^1UCC3-Merchants, relating to the Garbling of Spices, was referred, be made upon this Day Scvcnnight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former A fits, upon Wine and Vinegar, 1 ' c' and uponTobacco, and East India Goods, and otherMer-chandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Encouraging whom the Bill for the Increase and Encouragement of teamen. Seamen w as committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

O

Preventing Kxport of Wool.

Leave of Absence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Dunstar, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Inhabitants of Bridgwater having petitioned the House for making Bridgwater a Staple Port for the Discharge of Irish Wool, the Petitioners conceive it is more to advance the Intereli of a few private Persons, than the publick Good j for that Alinched is the most convenient Place for the Staple; from whence the Petitioners, and all the Western Country, have. Time out of Mind, been supplied with Wool; and, besides, Bridgwater being an inland Town, and many Creeks and Conveniencies in the River to discharge Goods, the King may thereby be defrauded of his Customs: And praying, That Bridgwater may not be made a Staple Port; for that it will be a great Charge to the Western Country to fetch Wool from thence.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Elson have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 22* die Februarii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to ascertain and settle the Payment Baliol Col-of the Impropriate Tythes of the Parish of St. lege Eiute. retire, Old Jewry, in London, to the Matter and Scholars of Baliol College in O.iford; and for confirming an Award made concerning the same; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to ascertain and settle the Payment of the Impropriate Tythes of the Parish-Church of St. Laurence, Old-Jexny, in London, to the Master and Scholars of Baliol College in O.iford; and for confirming an Award made concerning the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Lord have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Regulating An ingrossed Bill for further Regulating of Elections likcuoiu. 0j- Members in Parliament was read the Third time.

A Bill to enable the King, his Heirs and Successors, Alienating to grant Licence of Alienation of Lands in Mortmain, Lands in was read a Second time. Mortmain.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers,

Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. England, Lord Cornbury, Doctor Oxendon, Mr. HarcourMr. A

Mr.

r«

IE*

I'e

U

Gni

COa!

\Yu

be

un

kb

R*:

Ut:;

fc

Cri

ft':]

Fines of ancient Demesne Lands.

Guineas

coined.

Servants \V ages.

Encouraging

Gardening.

Raising

Militia*.

Barkham's

Estate.

Hackney

Coachmen.

Plantation

Trade.

Cricklade

Election.

8 W. III. 22° Februarii. 4 1

Mr. Waller, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Sloan, Mr. Lawton, Mr. The Committee have examined the Matter of the said Baldxvyn, Sir Geo. Hungerf'ord, Mr. Colt, Mr. Brewer, Petition.

Mr. Blofeild, Sir Marm. Wivell, Sir John Key, Mr. Bur- And, as to that Matter, it appeared. That Notice was

det, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Watlington, Sir given at Two a Clock, That the Election would be at

Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Frewen, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Monc- Nine the next Day:

ton, Mr. Blake, Mr. Loivther, Mr. Fairer, Mr. Osborne, That it appeared also to the Committee, That Appli-

Mr. Norris, Colonel Granvill, Mr. Gardner, Lord Paw-, cation had been made to the Bailiff, to put off the Election

let, Mr . Pepys, Sir Rob. Cotton; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill concerning Fines, with Proclamations, levied of ancient Demesne-lands, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for proclaiming, and making effectual, Fines levied of ancient Demesne-lands.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Account of what Guineas have been coined in his Majesty's Mint, within the of London, since

Lady-day last, and for whom, was referred, have Pou'er to inquire into what Silver has been exported since Lady-day last.

Ordered, That all the Members that lerve for the Counties of York, Essex, Cornwaand Suffolk, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy Recovery of Servants Wages is committed: And that all that come have Voices.

The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the encouraging the Trade of Gardening.

And the Bill was read the First time:

And the Queliion being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1696, notwithstanding the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for pun idling Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing falle Musters; and Payment of Quarters; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making good the la.lt Will of Sir Baronet, deceased; and veiling of Lands in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for Relief of several Hackney Coachmen be read a Second time, upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wills, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of divers of the Burgesses of Cricklade, complaining of want of due Notice at the Election of Burgesses to serve for the said Borough of Cricklade

Vol. XI.

to a further Time; and he refused so to do.

That the Petitioners called,

Mr. Israel Hayes; Who said. That the Bailiff, the Day before tire Election, refusing to put off the Election to a further time, and denying to give a List of such Persons as had a Right to vote, Mr. Styles, One of the Candidates, next Morning at Ten of the Clock, went out of Town.

Richard Skilling said, As to Two Persons; viz. One Watts, he was out of Town the Day before the Election; and that as to Fitzhugh, he was supposed to be at Gloucester; and did not come to Town till the Election was near over.

That it was agreed, That the Right of Election was in the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Leaseholders for not less than Three Years.

From whence the Petitioners Counsel argued, That it could not be presumed a reasonable Notice, because Deeds were necessary to be produced, to make out the Voters Right, which would require a longer time.

That, for the Sitting Members, were called,

Mr. Nevit Masculine: Who said, That when they were come to the Church, to elect, People were surprised that Mr. Styles did not appear; and that the Bailiff lent Three several Messages to him; but he did not think fit to come; and, upon the Third Message, word was brought,

That he was gone out of Town; and thereupon, the Bailiff proceeded to take the Poll, upon the Advice of the Neighbours and Gentlemen then present: That Three Proclamations, at least, were made before the Closing of the Poll; and believes it was at least One before the Poll was closed: That, by the Bailiff's Lift, there could not be above Fifteen or Sixteen absent; feme of which he knew would have been for the Sitting Members.

That it also appeared, by the Evidence of the said Mr. Masculine, and one Walter Colein, That there had been several Elections at Cricklade, upon as short Notice.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For Mr. For - - - 61.

For Mr. Webb ----- 50.

For Mr. Styles - - - - 15.

And it appeared, by the Poll, That Eight of the Petitioners had voted at this Election; John Mi/lin,

Mark Pitt, Richard Painter, Wm. Palmer, John F/us,

Guy Smart, Richard Adams, and William Betterton.

Thomas Weston proved another of the Petitioners to be in Cricklade at the time of the Election; viz. Anthony Reading.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Ilesolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Charles For Esquire, and Edmund W Esquire, are

duly elected Burgesses to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petition of the Burgesses of the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, complaining of an undue Election for the said Borough, is vexatious, frivolous, and groundless.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Colonel Granville also reported, from the Committee Privilege of of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Com- a Member plaint of the Breach of Privilege against Sir Nathanaelin 8 Su't‘ Nappier, a Member of this House; and of the Petition of the Lord Francis Pmvlet, referred also to the said Committee; as the same appeared to the said Committee; and tire Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he

6 B read

Privilege of a Member in a Suit

4 62

33° FebfM (frit.

read i,n fyis Place; and afterwards delivered irr at: the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz;

That, to prove the Breach of Privileges, was produced a Copy of a Declaration, in Trespafe, of Hilary Term last, for the Mesne Profits of a Farm in in the County of Dorset, Part of the Estate of Sir Nathanael Nappier, in the Possession of IVm. Masterman, as his'Tenant; which was sent down, by Mr. Edward Strode, by Letter dated 14° Jan. 1695, to one Mr. Thomas Cooper: . i

The Letter took notice, That Mr. Strode had before Tent down the Writ; and did thereby fend down the Declaration, which he desired might be delivered to the Attorney that appeared the first Day or Week in Term; and that he should tell the Attorney that appeared* He mult plead thereto.

Mr. Patience said, That Sir Nath. , and his

Ancestors, had been in Possession of this Farm for Twenty Years, and upwards:

That, in December last, Mr. Edward Strode sent down a Writ against Masterman, by which he was arrested 5 to which be appeared, by Masterman s Direction:

That the Latter-end of January he received the declaration; and had since received Letters from Sir Nath. Nappier to defend it:

That, on the Third of February, be acquainted Mr. Strode, Mr. Eyres, and Mr. Pmend. That Sir Nathanael Nappier was concerned in the Estate, and would insist upon his Privilege; and, that since that time, Mr. Strode called upon him for a Plea: That he never heard from Mr. Eyreslince he acquainted him with it: And, as for

Mr. Townsend, he laid, He was only employed to draw a Declaration between A, B, and C; and did not know

A. 1695.

Tenant of a Fararin Portesham, in the county of ,

Part of the Estate of Sir Nath. Nappier, a Member of this House, by causing an Action of T respafe to be brought against the said Masterman,-for the Recovery of the Mefoe

Profits of the said Farm in Portesham, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Pefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edward Strode Esquire* having disturbed the Possession of the said William by causing an

Action of Trespass to be brought against the said Master-man, for the Recovery of the Mesne Profits of the said Farm in Portesham, is guilty of a Breach of Privilege of this House.

The First Refofution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the disturbing the Fofieffidn of William Masterman, Tenant of a Farm in Portesham, in the County of Dorset, Part of the Estate of Sir Nathaniel Nappier, a Member of this House, by causing an Action of Trespass to be brought against the said Masterman, for the Recovery of the Mesne Profits of the said Farm in Portesham, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

[Sir John Mr. Tredenham:

Sir John

Sir Richard Onslow:

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

104.

»3>‘

Ordered, That Sir Humphry Foster have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Absence. Health.

who were the Parties.

Mr. Dean said, He did lee a Lease from the Marquis of Winchester to Sir William Pawlctt, for Ninety-nine Years, to commence from the Death of the Marquis of Winchester and the Lady Agnunder which, Sir Nathanael Nappier claimed: That, according to the Date, the Lease was expired in 1694: But he had searched the Heralds Books, and found in some Places there was mention made of the Lady Anne, and sometimes of the Lady Agnes: That it was not very plain, whether (lie was the Person from whole Death the said Lease was to commence; but if lhe was the Person, by the Heralds Books, the Lease was still in being.

It was all'o proved, That, in Michaelmas Term last, a Bill was exhibited in the Exchequer, by the said Lord Francis Pazvlet, against the said Sir Nath. Nappier, to stay Waste: To which Sir Nath. Nappier had appeared.

There was also produced the Minutes of a Motion, made by Mr. Strode, 13 January last, for an Injunction to stay Waste.

For the Petitioner, it was insisted,

That if there had been any Privilege, it was waved by the Defendant's appearing: And that they did not aft after they had Notice, That Sir Nath. Nappier insisted upon his Pnvilege.

And they produced a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Dean to Mr. Strode; wherein, he takes Notice, That Sir Nathanael Nappier was concerned; and sent up an Affidavit to move for Judgment upon an Ejectment; and proposed to get an Injunction to stay Waste.

Albert Parkinson said, He waited upon Sir Nath. Nappier, to fee if the Lease was in Being; and that Sir Nathanael said, The Lease was in the Country; and if any came from the said Lord Francis Pawlet there, he would {hew it.

Tho. Brcmon said, Thathe was sent by the Lord Pazclct, about Three Morttlis ago, Fdrty-tive Miles, to Sir Nathanael Nappier, to see the Lease; but Sir Nathanael ivas nht alt home; and his Steward could not thew it.

That the Committee came to these Resolutkms; Resolved, That it is the Opinidn of this Committee, That the disturbing the Possession of William, Masterman,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Aides Cook and Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en- Wallop's able Trustees to make, and fill up, Leases of the respective &c-Estates of Bluett Wtdllop Esquire, and John Wallop Gentleman, during their Minorities; and to purchase other Lands, by the Fines thereby to be received, to the same Uses as the Estates so to be leased are already settled:

And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Solomon , Eyme's 4c. and others: Nat.

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Colonel Granville also reported, from the Committee Brecon of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touchng the Election. Election for the County of Brecon, as it appeared to the said Committee; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Rowland complaining

of an undue Election of Edward Jones Esquire for the County of Brecon;

The Committee have examined the Merits of that

Election.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For Mr. Jones - - - 8 fa.

For Sir Rowland Gwyn - - - 717.

But, for the Petitioner, it Was insisted. That there were many ill Practices at the Election: And tailed,

Mr. Daniel Williams, Mr. Oka. Powell, Mr. Wm. Wil-

hams, M r. John Phillips, Mr. Geo. Powell: The Substance of whose Evidence Was, Thbt the Pol, art this Election, lasted Six Days; and it uled to last hot Two Days;

That on the Saturday, about Five hundred appeared, and but Sixty-two polled:

That the Poll w as adjourned at Three a Clock, at Mr,

Jones' Request, when Sir Rowland Gwyn had polled but nn J and there were several for Sir Rowland ready to

have

8 W. IIL 32° — 34° Februarii. 463

have polled; and, by reason of the Market on the Mem- That the Sheriff did say, He was offered 100l. to make Brecon day following, were not polled: a Double Return. Election.

And that there was a Court-Leek, belonging to the Mr. William Williams laid, That the Sheriff asked, If Bishop of St. David's, ante-dated!, and made at the time there were any more to poll for Sir Ro. f And,

of the Election, as believed, to take off Sir Rowland's none appearing, he adjourned, to take an Account of the Voters; for that feverat who were for Sir Rowland were Poll: That B. James asked him, How the Election went; firtninoried to that Court: and laid, 100 I. for 100 Voices for Sir Rowland Gwyrt.

That, on Tuesday, the last Day of the Poll, the Sheriff Mr. Gods 'ry denied, That he threatened

dismissed the Country, without Proclamation, at Three of Hughes; and laid. That he only desired him to vote for the Clock, though desired to continue the Poll, and ad- Mr. Jbeing his Neighbour:

jdumed till Six; and then cast up the Poll» by which many were left unpolled; and, particularly, one Thomas Davis, who was present:

That, before the Sheriff adjourned, on Tuesday, Mr. Daniel Williams desired the Sheriff to call several of Sir Roto. Gum's Men; but he refuted:

That, when the Poll was over, he desired to be present at the Catting up of the Poll (<?) [but was denied]; and nobody was prefect for Sir Roto land at the Cafting Up of the Poll, although a Scrutiny was promised:

That they desired to make good several Exceptions that were taken at the time of the Polling; but That was not granted.

But that it appeared to the Committee, That there was One of each Side that did attend, to see the Poll fairly taken; and, if any was excepted to, they were sworn.

That one, that voted for Sir Rowland Gwin, was presently imprisoned by the Under-Sheriff.

That several Persons that voted for Mr. Jones, had confessed; viz.

That Win.Howell, Ro. Rumsey, were threatened by Mr. Harcourt; John Williams, by Mr. Lod. Lewis;

Jjtoa ward Hughes, by Mr. Jeffries; Wm. Nicholas and Tho,

Williams, by Mr. Morgan and Mr. Jeffryes; Tho. Morgan, by Mr. James Parry; by which Means, though they intended to be for Sir Rowland Gzcyn, they were hindered from being for him:

That Geo. George had no Freehold; and yet swore y j., himself to have 40 s. a Year; and said, He did it because

fcjX he could not be quiet for Mr. Jones, and his Friends;

and that Mr. Jones gave him 5 s. for voting:

That WatkinBeavorpromifed to vote for Sir

Gwyn, but voted for Mr. Jones; and said. He was persuaded to do l'o by Mr. Jeffryes and his Mother; who told him, He should be released of 3S s. Rent; and,

( accordingly, he was discharged of it;

' That John Morgan was fined 20 s.; and Owen Mor-

gan told him, He would discharge him, if he would vote or Mr. Jones:

That David Bcavan had to buy him a Pair of Shoes, to vote for Mr. Jones p! That John Watkins was promised a grey Coat, and an

Horse:

That One*scrupled to swear; and Jenkin bid him swear like a Man; and then he took his Oath.

The Petitioner did insist, That he could disqualify several of the Voters for the Sitting Member: But, in regard of the former Resolutions of the House, the Committee did not think fit to hear him to the fame.

For the Sitting Member, ‘ it was mfifted.

That the Election was carried on with all Fairness: And called,

Mr. Harry Williams, Mr. Daniel Winter: Who said, There was an Agreement between the Candidates; and they cast Lots which Hundred should be polled first; and it came to Mr. Jones' Lot to choose ihe First Hundred: That the Qualifications of the Electors were settled; and, among the rest, it was agreed. That those that had Leases for Lives, and Quakers that could make out their Estates, should vote:

That, before the Country was dismissed, the Sheriff asked, If they had any more Votes ? And Mr. Daniel Williams called several; but they did not appear: Whereupon, at the Request of Mr. Mansell, who appeared for the Petitioner, the Sheriff dismissed the Country:

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

Vo X» XI.

Edward Hughes denied, That Mr. Jeffryes ever threatened him in case he did not vote for Mr. Jones.

The Sitting Member infilled, He could disqualify several of the Petitioner's Voters: But, in regard of the former Resolutions of the House, he did not think fit to proceed in that Matter.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Edward Jones Esquire is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Brecon.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of the Supply Bill; Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, Dunes on upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, East India ' me8' &c" Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France, to offer a Clause for the taking off, or lessening, the Duty upon Iri Iron.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Ditto.

Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Encouraging whole House, to whom the Bill for the Increase and En- ®eameUi couragement of Seamen was committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna', 24* die Februarii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prate rs.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eyme's, Sec.

. . naturalizing Solomon Eyme, and others, was Nat* read the First time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wallop's, to enable Trustees to make, and fill up, Leases of the re- Estate. i peftive Estates of Bluet Wallop Esquire, and John Wallop Gentleman, during their Minorities; and to purchase other Lands, by the Fines thereby to be received, to the same Uses as the Estates to be leased are already settled; was read the First time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom Chambei-the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to laine's Estate. enable Trustees to exchange Lands of Sir James same Baronet, an Infant, lying in the common Field of Salford, in the County of Oxford, for like Quantities of Lands there, in order to the making an Inclosure, was

committed,

240 Februarii.

A. 1695.

committed, That they had examined and considered the Burdet, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Clark, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Har-fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, Sir JValter , Mr. Farrar, Mr. Foley, Mr. without any Amendments: And lie delivered the same in Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Yates: And they are to meet this After-at the Clerk's Table. noon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker^ Chamber.

Pe:

Fowne's

Estate.

Lord Tonbridge's, &c. Nat.

Elections — Irregularities of returning Officers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Fownes Esquire to fell certain Lands in

the County of Devon, which were settled on his Marriage;

and to settle other Lands, of an equal Value, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Coriton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed thereunto; without any Amendments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize William Viscount Tonbridge, and other Children of the Earl of Rochjort: And that Sir Rowland do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning Members to serve in Parliament, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in to the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and, then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed, and the Residue agreed, unto by the House: And other Amendments were made to the Bill at the Table.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Sheriff of WiUshire may adjourn the Poll from to the Devizes, at the Request ol a Candidate, and not elsewhere:

Taking off Obligation to coin Guineas.

Carts applying for Hire.

Hackney

Coachmen.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill:

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the County-Court for the County of York shall be called upon a Wednesday, which ul'ed to be called upon a Monday.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ipgrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for taking off' the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain time therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for taking off' the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain time therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Godolphin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan and Mr. Cox be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Carmens Petition is referred.

A Bill for the Relief of several Hackney Coachmen was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Cornbury, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Palmer, Colonel Perry, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

stecens, Mr. Conyers, Serjeant Mr. Culliford, Mr.

Henly, Sir Lewson Gower, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Lewis, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Fleming, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Fownes, Mr. Waller, Sir Harvey, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Lowther, Sir Jo. Wolstcnholme, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. White, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Tdney, Mr. MacheU, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Brener, Sir

Ra. Dutton, Sir John Bodes, Mr. Frewen, Sir Fra. Wind-

ham, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Elwill, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr.

24

A Petition of George Arnold and Robert Beatham, in Arnold's, fee. behalf of themselves, and several others, was presented to Petition, the House, and read; setting forth, That #

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Yates have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence. fions. , .

Sir John Bodes reported from the Committee, to whom Oaths of the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Supremacy altering Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of his Ireland- Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, w as committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and the several Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon tire Question Ieverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Profs 2. L. 23, alter " Court," leave out " of the "General Quarter-Sessions held for the County of " dlese.v;"and instead thereof, iul'ert " before the Justices of Assize, and Nisi priits, in the respective Counties " where such Peer shall refute."

L. 36, after " or," leave out " the Clerk of the Peace of the County of for the Time

being, or his Deputy;" and insert " the said Justices of Assize for the Time being, in the said Counties.",

Pr. 3d, L. 7, after " or," leave out " in the said Court of General Quarter-Sessions for the County of Middlesex;" and insert " before the said Justices of Assize, and Nisi prius."

c

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Harwich Sir John Hoskins: ltouds.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Repair of the Highways between the City of London, and the Tow n of Harwich, in the County of Essex, with some Amendments: To which they dciire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Ilonfe proceeded to take into Consideration the Ditto, said Amendments:

And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Ieverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Skin, 20 L. After " Deer," add " Avenues, and " planted Walks."

36 Line, after " aforesaid," add " or desired " by the Party owning such Ground."

Ordered, That Sir Eliah Harvey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; fumed the Consideration of the Report from the Com- Duties on mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continu- w*nes'&c-ing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were once read throughout.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

The

The

Spr,

C)n

sid

kim.

r

‘liuo.

avf of 'IcfiCi,

fco f

f'ffiiiirv

,y

8 W. III. 34 ° Februari465

Debtors The House proceeded to' take into Consideration the

Kelitf. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt or Damages:

And the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Press, 37 L. for " on," read " an."

L. 41. for " Sheriffs" read " Sheriff."

4 Pr. 6 L. after " administred," add " to them " respectively."

5 Pr. 13 L. leave out " A."

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Royal A (Tent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetwood Shep-to Bills. herd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for taking, examining, and dating, the publick Accounts:

An Act for repairing the Highways between the City . of London, and the Town of Harwich, in the County of

Essex:

An Act for Naturalizing of Henry de Nassau, and other Children of Henry de Nassau, Seignior D' Auverquerk:

An Act to enable John Fownes Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Devon, which were settled on his Marriage; and to settle other Lands, of an equal Value, to the same Uses.

The King's And that afterwards his Majesty was pleased to make a Speech — gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament; which,

uitiffinate to Prevent any Mistake therein, he had desired and ob-

bim. tained a Copy of: And he read the same to the House;

and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I AM come hither this Day upon an extraordinary Occasion, which might have proved fatal, if it had not been dilappointed by the Angular Mercy and Goodness of God; and may now, by a Continuance of the same Providence, and our own prudent Endeavours, be so improved, as to become a sufficient Warning to us, to provide for our Security against the pernicious Practices and Attempts of our Enemies.

I have received several concurring Informations of a Design to affafiinate me; and that our Enemies, at the same time, are "very forward in their Preparations for a , . sudden Invasion of this Kingdom-: And have therefore

thought it necessary to lose no Time in acquainting my Parliament with these Things; in which the Safety of the Kingdom, and the publick Welfare, are lb nearly con-, , cemed, that, I allure myself, nothing will be omitted, on your Part, which may be thought proper for our present or future Security.

I have not been wanting to give the necessary Orders for thi Fleet; and I hope we have such a Strength of Ships, and in such a Readiness, as will be sufficient to disappoint the Intentions of our Enemies.

I have also dispatched Orders for bringing home such a Number of our Troops, as may secure us from any Attempt.

Some of the Conspirators against my Person are already in Custody; and Care is taken to apprehend so many of the rest as are discovered; and such other Orders are given, as the present Exigency of Allan's does absolutely require at this Time, for the publick Safety.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Having now acquainted you. 'with the Danger which bad threatened us, I cannot doubt of your lleadinels Vol. XI.

and Zeal to do every thing which you shall judge pro* per for our common Safety: And, I persuade myself, we must be all sensible, how necessary it is, in our present Circumstances, that all possible Dispatch should be given to the Business before you.

Resolved, Netnine contradicente. That an humble Ad- Addreb oa

drel's be presented to his Majesty, congratulating the King', happy Deliverance and Safety of his Royal Person; and bpeec giving him the Thanks of this House, for imparting to this House the horrid Design of afiafiinating his Majesty, by Papists, and other difaflefted Perl'ons; and of the intended Invasion from France: And humbly to desire, That his Majesty will please to take more than ordinary Care of his Royal Person, at this Time: And to allure his Majesty, That this House will stand by, alfift, and defend, his Majesty with their Lives and Fortunes, against the late King James, and all other his Majesty's Enemies, both at home and abroad; and that, in case his Majesty shall come to any violent Death (which God forbid), this House will revenge the same upon all his Enemies, and their Adherents: And humbly desire his Majesty to give speedy Order for lccuring such Persons, with their Horses and Arms, as he shall have just Reason to suspect are Enemies to his Person and Government: And to allure his Majesty, That this House will give all possible Dispatch to all the publick Business now depending before them.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Baron Turton and Conference Mr. Baron Powis: with Lord*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the King's Speech.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers being gone;

Ordered, That a Message be font to the Lords to acquaint them. That this House doth agree to the said Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Mordauntdo carry the said Message.

The Messengers being returned; they were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That the House doth agree to a present Conference, as the Lords do desire.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Edward Seymour, Colonel Granville, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Norrcs,

Sir Harry Hobart, Mr. Moyle, Lord Sir Jo.

Lawther, Lord Cornbury, Sir Ri. Onslow, Sir Ro. Cotton,

Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Bromley, Sir Row. Gwyn, Mr.

Potdtncy, Mr. Palmes, Sir Phi. Bottler, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir lien.Goodrich, Mr. Clark, Lord Ranelagh, Mr.

Chadwick, Colonel Kendall, Sir Ro. Rich, Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Bicker staff, Sir John Key, Mr.

Wharton, Mr. Attorney-General, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Secretary Trumbull reported, That they had met the Lords at the Conference: And that the Lords acquainted them, That they had unanimously agreed upon an Address to his Majesty; which they thought fit to communicate to this House, and to desire the Concurrence of this House therein: And he read the said Address in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w'as read; and is as followeth; viz.

WE, your Majesty's moll loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and L.3. in this present Parliament assembled, hav-

ing taken into our serious Consideration what your Majesty hath been pleased to communicate to us this Day, think it our Duty, in the First Place, to give your Majesty most humble Thanks, for having acquainted your Parliament with the great Dangers 6 C your

Habeas

Corpus

Suspension.

24 Februarn. A, 1695.

your Sacred Person hath been so nearly exposed to; and the Design of an Invasion from our Enemies abroad: We heartily congratulate your Majesty'& happy Preservation, and thankfully acknowlege the signal Providence of God in it; and, at the same time, declare our Detestation and Abhorrence of so ry.viMainons and1 barbarous a Design: And we take this Gccafron to assure your Majesty of our utmofr Assist-anee to defend your Person, and fiapport your Government, »8. aga*rrt& alA Attempts both, at home and abroad: And, as m 19, Instaaqe of our Zeal for your Majesty's Service* we make it our Desire to your Majesty to seize and, secure all Persons, Horles, and Arms, that your Majesty may think fit to apprehend upon, this Oc-cafioo.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the fame;

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and consider of such Amendments as they conceive proper to be made to the said Act-dress, with reference to the said Reiblution of this House: And it is referred to those who managed the said Conference.

And they withdrew accordingly.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that they will continue fitting for l'ome time.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Puleslon do cany the said MefTage to the Lords.

Sir Roger Puleslon reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, they do agree to fit for feme time longer.

Mr. Secretary Trumball reported from the Committee

appointed to withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, That they had made several Amendments to the Address sent down by the Lords; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

L. 3d, fill the Blank with " Commons."

L. 15. after " Design," add, " And, since the Safety " and Welfare of your Majesty"s Dominions do so en-u tircly depend upon your Life, we most humbly beseech " your Majesty, to take more than ordinary Care of your " Royal Person."

L. 18. after " against," insert " the late King James,

" and all other your Enemiesand leave out " all " Attemptsand, after " abroad," insert " hereby " declaring to all the World, That in case your Majesty flfell come to any violent Death (which God forbid),

‘ we will revenge the same upon all your Enemies, and " their Adherents."

I.. 19. after " Service," add " we will give all possible Dispatch to the publick Business: And."

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Mr. Bridges reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference, they do agree to a Conference presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Secretary Trumball reported, That they had met the Lords at a Conference, and acquainted the Lords with the Amendments, made by this House, to the said Address; and left the Address, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower his Majesty to feoure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person, or Government: And that Mr. Poultney do prepare, and bring in, the Bill

Ordered, That it be an Ihstruction to the Committee Railing of the whole House, to whom the BB1 for racing the Mi- Militia, litia for the Year 1696, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid-; and for pumtoing selfe Mutters; and1 paying of Quarters; is committed'; That they be impowered to receive a* C knife, to enforce such as contribute to Horse to pay their Contributions.

Ordered, That it be an Ifistruction abb to the said Committee, That they be impowered to receive a Clause, to enforce Papists and1 Non-jurors to contribute, instead of their finding Horse to the Militia.

A Meffege from the Lords, by Sir John Fi'emklyn and Lordshav, Sir John Hoskins: agreed to

Mr. Speaker, Address.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to die Address; and have sent to his Majesty to know what time his Majesty will be attended by both Houses with the said Address; and have adjourned till Six a Clock, m order to receive his Majesty's Answer.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up. A(rociation an Association, to lie upon the Table, in order to be signed for defending by the Members of this House; wherein it shall be ex- the King, pressed, That his Majesty King William is rightful and tc> lawful King of these Realms; and that we will defend his Majesty, and his Government, against the late King James, and all his Adherents; and in case his Majesty shall come to any violent Death (which God forbid), we will revenge the fame, as far as we are able, upon all his Enemies, and their Adherents.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the Conferenced o withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and prepare the said Association; and report the same to the House.

And they withdrew accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to sitting of bring in a Bill, That whenever it shall please God to afflict Parliament these Realms by the Death of his present Majesty, the 0I' Parliament then in being shall not be dissolved thereby; 0 1 r<wn' but shall continue until the next Heir to the Crown in Succession, according to the late Act of Settlement, shall dissolve the fame: And that Mr. Pelham and Mr. Attorney-General do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address for Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his removing Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That be will PaPlfts» please to issue his Royal Proclamation to banish all Papists from the Cities of London and Westminster, and Ten Miles from the same, according to the Laws made for that Purpose.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his and for put. Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his ting Laws in Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will force "E1^ please to give InstructjQns to the Judges going the Cir- 1 em' cuits, to put the Laws in Execution against Papists and Non-jurors.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Trumball reported from the Committee Association appointed to withdraw, and prepare the Association, to be for defending signed by the Members of the House, That they had pre* KinE» pared the same accordingly; and had directed him to rq- port the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question pnt thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be subscribed by the Members Tomorrow Morning, as they shall appear upon the Call of the House; and is as followethviz.

WHEREAS there has been a horrid and detestable Conspiracy formed, and carried on, by Papists, and other wicked and traitorous Persons, for assassinating his Majesty's Royal Person, in order to encourage an Invasion from France, to fobvert our Religion, Laws, and Liberty:

34 We,

r

r3?

uii.

irttdto

mi

iTociatks r ilffecj te Kiti c.

itiinrs arijiK 1 Ik* tk>>.

(Wk

*pi

dfcrpr

g lifi: C5 J3X

m

C:&

ft

8 W. III. 240 — 250 Februarii. 467

We, whole Names are hereunto subscribed, do, heartily, (incerely, and solemnly, profess, testify, and declare. That his present Majesty, King William, is rightful and lawful King of these Realms: And we do mutually promise and engage to stand by and assist each other, to the utmost of our Power, in the Support and Defence of his Majesty's most Sacred Person, and Government, against the late King James, and all his Adherents: And in case his Majesty come to any violent or untimely Death, (which God forbid) we do hereby, further, freely and unanimously, oblige ourselves to unite, associate, and Hand by each other, in revenging the same upon his Enemies, and their Adherents; and in supporting and defending the Succession of the Crown, according to an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King and Queen

Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Association be ingrafted, against Tomorrow Morning, in a Roll of Parchment; with Dif-tinftion for the Counties and Place? therein, according to the Roll for subscribing the Test,

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

King ap- A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and points to be Sir John Hoskins:

attended. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have received an Answer from his Majesty, That he will be attended by both Houses at Kensington, this Evening, between the Hours of Seven and Eight: And that the Lords are now ready to go.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 25* die Februarii; 8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed: And that the Committee do fit de die in diem.

A Petition of the Merchants, Sergemakers, Fullers, Wool Tallow-chandlers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Trad*. Manufacture within the City and County of Ewan, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said City was anciently a staple Port, and imported yearly, in Wool, and other Commodities, from Ireland, above 40,0001.} but, since a Prohibition to import Wool from Ireland, the Petitioners have been extremely damnified in their Trades for want of Wool, being wholly employed in the Woollen Manufactures; and their vast Number of Poor, which used to be employed/ cannot subsist: That Wool is now brought into none but the Northern Ports; which are so far from the Petitioners, that it is bought up, and conveyed to other Markets, before the Petitioner? know of its Arrival; which has advanced the Price above 20/.per Cent.: And praying Liberty to import Wool from Ireland, as they did before the said Prohibition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, in Ditto, and about tire Town of She])ton-Mallet, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That Bridgewater'xs an ancient Port, lying Six Miles within the Land; and therefore not so liable to ship off Wool for France, as other Ports that lie more open to the Sea; and is most commodious for the Petitioners to trade at: And praying, That a Clause may be brought into the Bill, now depending in the House, for preventing the Exportation of Wool, to make Bridgewater a free Port for the Importation of the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Quartering

Soldiers*

Wool

Trade.

Pka V £ US.

A PETITION of several Innholders, and other Pub-Jl\. lick-hause-keepers, in Ki upon Hull, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Publick-hause-keepers there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1691, Eight Companies of the Duke of Bolton's Regiment came to keep the Garison, and were settled in Quarters, at their own Charge, for about Two Years; but, in 1693, Alderman Ellis did billet on the Petitioners great Numbers of the said Soldiers, on Pretence they wanted Subsistence; but promil'ed, That if the Petitioners would raise a Week's Subsistence, which was about 119/. he would take the Soldiers off, and repay the Petitioners as loon as Money came: That since, in Jamuu'y 1694, they paid 80/. more to Alderman Alaister, then Mayor, upon the same Account of keeping off the Soldiers from being quartered upon them: So that the Petitioners have disbursed about 199/.; besides about 50/. more in coining up to London, and attending last Session of Parliament upon their Petition, which was referred to a Committee; but, before they made their Report, the Parliament was prorogued: And praying such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Rejoined, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of the Mayor of the Borough of Plimouth, for and on the behalf of the Merchants, Weavers, Fullers, and other Inhabitants, of the said Borough, trading, or being concerned, in the Woollen Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town had formerly a considerable Trade in the Woollen Manufactures, and employed Hundreds of the Inhabitants therein; but that, since a Prohibition to import Wool thither from Ireland, they have lost their Trade in a great measure, and great Numbers of their Workmen are become very necefiitous: And praying Liberty to import Wool from Ireland to the said Town.

Vo 1. XI.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, iq D;tt0, and about the Town of Ilminster, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Port of Bridgewater lies Six Miles within the Land; is not lb liable to ship pff Wool for as other

Ports that lie more open to the Sea; but is also most convenient for the Petitioners Trades: And praying, That Bridgewater may be the Staple Port for the Importation of Wool from Ireland.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wpol is committed.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, in Ditto, and about the Town and Borough of Chard, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in the House, for preventing the Exportation of Wool; and to encourage the Importation thereof from Ireland: That the Petitioners conceive Bridgewater the fittest Port for that Purpose, because it lies Six Miles within the Land; and therefore is not so liable to export Wool to France, as other Ports that lie more open to the Sea: And praying, That Bridgewater may be made the Staple Port; it being also most commodious for the Petitioners Trades.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Polteny, according to Order, presented to the Corpus

House a Bill for impowering his Majesty to apprehend, Sufptnsion. and detain, such Persons as he shall find Cause to suspect are conspiring against his Royal Person, or Government.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read ft Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The

Call of the House.

Answer to Address.

Committe«s,

Milford's

Estate,

Heron's

Estate*

Theft, Ac. on Northern Border?.

468 25 °~a6t

The Order of the Day for the Call of the House was read:

And also the Order for the signing the Association was read:

Then the ingrossed Association was read.

Resolved, That the House will immediately proceed to the Call of thej House.

The House was, accordingly, called over:

And feme of the Members were excused from appearing, upon Account of present Sickness, and Leave to be absent.

Ordered, That such Members who did not appear this Day, upon the Call of the House, do, as they come to the House, come up to the Table, and sign the Afiocia-tion; or, in their Places, declare their Refusal lb to d,o.

Mr. Speaker reported, That both Houses did, Yesterday, attend his Majesty with their Address: And that his Majesty was pleased to give a gracious Answer, to the Eflfebt following; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I thank you heartily for this kind Address: On my Part you may be allured, That I will do all that is within my Power for the Conservation of this Kingdom, to which I have so many Obligations: I will readily adventure my Life for the Preservtion of it; and recommend myself to the Continuance of your Loyalty and good Affebtions,

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the Lloule adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 26* die;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell the Manor of in

the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of William Milford, an Infant, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the rest of the said Infant's Estate; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Heron Baronet to fell Lands, for Payment of a Portion, and Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Marm. JVivell, Mr. Liddall, Sir Cha. Mr.

Colt, Lord Ashley, Mr. FarrMr. Drake, Sir John Rolles, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Braver, Sir John Mr. England, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Bloj'eild, Mr MSir

Mr. Mount ague. Sir John Monitoring, Mr. Pock/ington, Mr. Parker, Mr. Travers, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Freuen, Mr. Foster, Mr. Stokes, Sir Robert Cotton,

Sir John Trevillian, Mr. Baldzty Mr. Halsey, Sir JVm.

Ashurst, Mr. Biddolph; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of NorthumberlaCumberland, and

Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr Bickerstafereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for continuing several former Acts to prevent Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the Lloufe: And another Amendment was made to the Bill at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Februarii. A. 1695.

inclosing and improving Part of the Common of Beam Beam Heath Heath, near Namptwich, in the County Chester, in Inclosure. order to raise a Stock for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Town, and for setting them on Work: And that Sir John Mamvaring and Sir Robert Cotton do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for impowering his Majesty to apprehend, and Hebeas detain, such Persons as he shall find Cause to suspect are CorPu* conspiring again!! his Royal Person, or Government, ^ufl?eu,'ion* was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Pelham, according to Order, presented to the sitting of House a Bill, That whenever it shall please God to afflibt Parliament these Realms by the Death of his present Majesty, the on Parliament then in being shall not bediflolved thereby; of the Crown, but shall continue until the next Heir to the Crow'n in Succession, according to the late Abb of Settlement, shall dissolve the fame.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the BHF-be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Stanley have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Punishing solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to p"f^0"Dd consider of the Bill for continuing several former Acts for De er on* punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishingfalfe Muf-ters; and Payment of Quarters; and also of the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1696, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through both the Bills; and made several Amendments to them; wdiich they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Morning next.

Cj

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; take into further Consideration the Report from the Duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ine5) &c-continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France, was committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Encouraging whole House, to whom the Bill for the Increase and En- Seamen, couragement of Seamen was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning state of the next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Nation, to consider further of the State of the Nation in relation to Trade; and particularly of the African Trade.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

T

4-t,

>0S

pus

peniki,

tins of rl:uot« Dennu the Cr>r.

eave i bleat

onillirj

UtXVi

efcrUi

,'tq, i"

y:-'V

8 W. III. 2 70 February-

JwU, Februarii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Stretton, &c. A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Towns of Panfhe*. f\_ Stretlunand Prince Thorpe, in the County of

tciclc, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Parish of Woo in the said County, is a very great Parish; and the said Towns are within that Parish; but Two Miles from the Church: That there hath been a long time built a Chapel of Eale in Stretton, and divine Service celebrated therein: That, about August 1694, Mr. William Herbert, deceased, devised Two Farms, now lett at 40/. per Ann. towards the Maintenance of an able Minister for the said Towns, in case an Act of Parliament could be obtained for making them a distinct Parish: That the present Patron and Incumbent are consenting tlieteunto; and it will be an Advantage to the Petitioners; and nobody prejudiced thereby: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for making the said Towns a distinct Parish from the Parish of Woolston.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bromley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Select A Petition of the Churchwardens, and other Inhabi-

Vestrie*. tants, of the Parish of Glare's Southwark, in the County of Surrey, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the same Parish, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Parish hath been anciently governed by a Select Vestry, to the Satisfaction of the Inhabitants: And that there is a Bill now depending in the House, for regulating of select Vestries, and preventing Abuses arising the reby; which may tend to alter their ancient Ul'age: And praying, That they may be heard before the Fading of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Wallopp'* An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act . lute. enabje Trustees to make, and fill up, Leases of the respective Estates of Bluet Wallopp Esquire, and John Wallopp Gentleman, during their Minorities; and to purchase other Lands, by the Fees thereby to be received, to the same Vfes as the Estate l'o to be leased are already settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke,

Sir John Buchiall, Mr. Moore, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Heccningham, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Clobcry, Sir EliabHarvey, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Freke, Mr. Brewer, Mr. PockliMr. Hobby, Mr. Cox, Sir Mar. Wivell, Sir Wm. Asl, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Mr. Bertie, Mr, Gery, Mr. Matdey, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Croker, Mr. Frauen, Doctor OSir Fra. Massam, Mr. Smith; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorset, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Stleft A Petition of the Churchwardens, and other sufficient

V«ftries» Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Andrew's, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish has been fairly governed lor above 200 Years by select Vestries: And there being a Bill now depending in this House, for Regulating of select Vestries, and preventing Abuses arising the reby} the same may tend to alter their said ancient Constitution, and cause popular Elections dangerous: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Coparcenary A Bill for the more ealy obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary wa3 read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Coryton, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Trelattmcy, Mr. Moncton, Mr.

Clarke, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Vincent, Sir Tho.

Mr. Nicholas, Mr. H hitacre, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Tredenham,

Mr. Croker, Mr. Monstevens, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Norris, Mr. Smith, Mr. Berty,

Mr. Cary, Mr. Foley, Mr. Henley, Mr. Harley, Mr. . Bracer, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Clobery, Mr. Bowyer, Mr.

Manley, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Freke;and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the liiid Committee, That they do make the Bill extend to Tenants in common, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Leave Be given to bring in a Bill, That Wives Debts Men may not be liable to the Debts of their Wives after afttr StPa* their Elopement, or living separate: And that Mr. Sloan raUon‘ do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Blake reported from the Committee, to whom the Briftoll Bill for the better supplying the City of Bristoll with fresh Waterworks. Water was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to wimondbam whom the Bill for Repair of the Highways between Roads. Wimondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, That they had made several Amendments-to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Bampfeild1* whom the Bill to enable Trustees to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Bampjedd, during his Infancy; and that the Monies, to be raised thereby, be laid out in Purchase of Lands, to the same Uses the said Estate now is; was committed; be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Avo»

Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable, was, accord- Navigation, ing to Order, read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {^SL, Vc; } 8l-

Tellers for tike Noes, } 74.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is committed to Mr. Blathwaite, Sir Chr. grerve, Mr. Staines, Mr . Bridges, Mr. Burdet, nardiston, Mr. Elwill, Mr. How, Mr. Sir

Smith, Mr. Gxcyn, Sir Wm. Williams, Sir Marm.

Sir John Bolles, lMr. Blofeild, Sir John , Mr. Sloane,

Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir God/.Copley, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Harley, Lord Paw-let, Mr. , Lord Ranelagh, Sir. Archer, Sir RowlandGzcyn, Sir York,

Sir Wm.Lowther, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Morgan, Mr. England,

Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Gerv. E/zces;and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, H ills, and Gloucester: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

6 D And

27* Febrmrii.

And it is to be an Instrufition to the Paid Committee, That they do provide, That no Person's Land be taken away until their Damage, to be afieffed by a Jury, be paid.

Avon A Petition of Henry P , Eduard

Navigation. Grafton, Bridget Snell Widow, and Humph,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners of Six several Mills Handing on the River Avon, between and Bath, which

furnish Brijtoll, and the Places adjacent, with Dyeing-wood, Grift, Paper, and Fulling of Cloth: That there is a , Rill now depending in the House, for making the said River navigable; which will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Rill do pass the House.

Oraered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

®hto. A Petition of Sir John Newton Baronet, and others,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed by the Votes, That there is a Bill in the House for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Glouce and Somerset, navigable; which Project was attempted many Years ago; but, upon ftrifit Examination, it was always found impracticable, and prejudicial to both the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester; and especially to those whole Estates lie near that River; and will be no Benefit to the Publick: And praying. That a convenient Time may be appointed them to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sitting of A Bill, That whenever it shall please God to afflict on^emtfe^cf these Realms by the Death of his present Majesty, the the Crown. Parliament then in being shall not be tlill'olved thereby;

but shall continue until the next Heir to the Crown in Succession, according to the late Act of Settlement, shall dissolve the fame; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

A. 1695

Shaftsbury

Election.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Shaft,(bury, in the County of be made

Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Kingston vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the 1 own " of Kingston upon Hull, be made upon Monday Morning.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Ab ence‘

Ordered, That tire Association, and the Subscriptions Association thereunto, be entered upon the Journal of the House. *®r defending Resolved, That the Association be presented to his Ma- 1 e "fr * jesty by the Speaker, and the whole House, before the End of the Session.

Ordered, That Inch Members of this House who have not already, shall, by Monday Fortnight, lign the Aflfo-ciation, or declare their Refusal, notwithstanding their Leave to be absent.

Ordered, That Mr. Etterickhave Leave to go into the i^ave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence. fions.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruction to the Committee Habeas of the whole House, to whom the Bill for impowering Corpus his Majesty to apprehend and detain such Perl'ons as he SulPenGoiu shall find Cause to suspect are conspiring against his Royal Person, or Government, was committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to secure Horses and Arms, as well as Persons.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ditto, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Poultncy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Poultney reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made feme Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; take into further Consideration the Report from the duties on Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill ^‘nes»&c* for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying

on the War against France

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Committed That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

The ASSOCIATION, and SUBSCRIPTIONS, are as follow;

A (To nation WHEREAS there has been a horrid and detestable Conspiracy formed, and carried on, by Papists, and other for Defending y V wicked and traitorous Persons, for assassinating his Majesty's Royal Person, in order to encourage an Invasion the King,&c. from France, to subvert our Religion, Laws, and Liberties: We, whole Names are hereunto subscribed, do, heartily, sincerely, and solemnly, profess, testify, and declare, That his present Majesty, King William, is rightful and lawful King of these Realms: And we do mutually promise and engage to (land by and assist each other, to the utmost of our Power, in the Support and Defence of his Majesty's most Sacred Person, and Government, against the late King James, and all his Adherents: And in case his Majesty come to any violent or untimely Death (which God forbid), we do hereby further, freely and unanimously, oblige ourselves to unite, associate, and stand by each other, in revenging the same upon his Enemies, and their Adherents; and in supporting and defending the Succession of the Crown, according to an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown.

BEDFORD.

Edw. RuJJ'ell,

W. Duncomb.

Villa Bedford.

T. Hillerfdon,

Wm. Farrer.

BERKS. Hum. Forfler,

Ri. Neville.

Burgus de Nova Windsor. Fitzharding,

Will. Scauen.

Burgus de Reading. Hen. Fane,

Will. Rich.

Burgus de Wallingford. Tho. Tipping,

Burgus de Abington.

BUCKS.

JV. Cheyne,

Richard Atkyns.

Burgus de Parochi' de Buckingham. Rich. Temple,

Alex. Denton.

burgus

8 W. III.

Bargus de Chipping Wiccomb. Fleet. Dormer,

Thd. Lerres,

Cha. Godfrey.

Burgus de Aylisburt.

Tho. Lee,

James Herbert.

Burgus de Agmondesham.

E. Waller.

Burgus de Wendover.

J. Backicdl,

Ri. Beke.

Bugrus de Marlow Magna.

James Chase.

C A N T A B HI G I E Cults,

E. Russell.

Universitas Cantabrigi.®.

Geo. Oxenden,

H. Boyle.

Villa Cantabricije.

Jo. Pepys,

Isaac Watlington.

CESTRIA,

J. Mairru aring,

Rob. Cotton.

Civitas Cestri^e.

Ro. Whitley.

CORNUBIE

J. Boscawen,

Burgus deDuNHEvOT, alias Launceston.

Burgus de Leskeard.

Bourchier IVrey,

Wm. Bridges.

Burgus Lestithiell,

S. Travers.

Burgus Truro.

H. Vincent,

Jo.Clobery.

Burgus Bodmyn.

Russell Robartet,

John Hoblyn.

Burgus de Helston.

C. Godolphin.

Burgus de Saltash.

Walter Moyle,

Fr. Buller.

Burgus de Camelforo.

R. Molcsworth,

Amb. Manaton.

Burgus de Port Pigham> alias West lowe.

J.Kendall,

Burgus de Grampound.

J. Fortescue,

John Tanner.

Burgus de Eastlowe.

C. Trelaxcney, 1

H. Trdaxniaij.

Burgus de Penryn.

Ja. Vernon,

Ale.v. Pcndarves.

Burgus de Tregont.

F. Rnbartes,

Ja. Mountague.

Burgus de Bossiney.

G.Boothe,

r* *V« 1. XI.

27° Februam.

Burgus de St. Ives.

Jo. Afichell,

Ja. Praed.

Burgus de Fowey.

Bevill Granville,

Tho. Vivian.

Burgus de St. Germans.

Burgus de Mitchell.

E. Courteney,

Burgus de Newport.

John Morice,

Burgus de St. Mawes.

Burgus de Kellington.

CUMBERLAND.

Geo. Fletcher,

J. Lcrwther.

Civitas Carliol.'

W. Howard,

James Lcrwther.

Burgus de Cokermouth.

Cha. Gerard,

G. Wharton.

D E R B I M.

Hartington,

Burgus Derble.

H. Cavendish,

Jo. Bagnold.

E R B Y.

S. Rolle,

Civitas Exon'.

Jos. Ttly,

Edward Seaward.

Burgus Totnesse.

Edw. Yarde.

Burgus Plymouth.

Geo. Parker.,

Villa et Burgus de Oakhampton.

John Burrington,

Tho. Northmore.

Burgus de Barnstable.

Nic. Hooper,

Arthur Champneys.

Burgus de Plympton.

Tho. Trevor,

Courtenay Croker.

Burgus de HqnttoN. William Drake,

Walter Yonge.

Burgus de Tavistock.

R. Russell,

J. Russell.

Burgus de £sh burton.

Will. Staevell,

Richard Duke.

Burgus de Clifton-DarTmovth-

H a run esse.

Joseph Herne,

William Hayne.

Burgus dc Borealston.

John Ehcell,

R. Gxcynne.

Burgus de TrvE-BTOw.

Tho. here,

Ch. Spencer,

47*

DORSET.

Burgus de Poole.

N. Napier,

A. Ashley.

Burgus de Dorchester.

N. Napier,

Nath. Bond.

Burgus de Lyme Regis.

Henry Henley,

Robert Henley.

Burgus de Weymouth. Maurice Ashley,

Michael Harvey.

Burgas de Mslcokb Regis.

Tho. Freke,

Jo. Knight.

Burgus de Bridport.

Ste. Evance,

Ni. Cary.

Burgus de Shafton, alias Shaftsbury.

Math. Andrews,

E. Nicholas.

Burgus de Wareham.

Th 0. Erie,

Tho. Trenchard.

Burgus de Corse Caster.

Will. Culliford.

DUNEIM',

Will. Bowes,

Will. Lambton.

Civitas Dunum'.

Cha. Mountague,

Hen. Liddell.

E B O R\

T.Fairfax,

Jo. Kaye.

Civitas Ebor/

Edward Thompson,

T. Jenkyns.

Vill' de Kingston super Hull.

Cha. Osborne,

Will. St. Quintin.

Burgus de Knaresborough. Christo. Stockdale.

Burgus de Scarborough.

Cha. Hotham.

Burgus de Rippon.

John Aislabie,

Jon. Jenings.

Burgus de Richmond.

T.Yorke,

Mar. Wyvell.

Burgus de Heydov.

Tho. Frankland,

Hugh Bet hell.

Burgus de Burrowbrigg.

H. Goodric/c,

T. Harrison.

Burgus de Maltpn.

WiU. Strickland,

Will. Palmes.

Burgus de Thirske.

Godfry Copley,

Rich. Staines.

Burgus de Aldborough.

Chris. Tankred.

Burgus de Beverley,

M. War ton.

It. Warton.

Burgus

A donation for defending the King, &c.

47*

Allocution ButgUS de NORTHALLERTON.

far defending Will, Ustler,

the King, &c. Tho. LasceUes.

Burgus de Pontefract.

JVm.Ixrwther,

R. Monckton.

ESSEX.

Charles Barrington,

Fra. Masham.

Burgus de Colchester.

John Mordent,

J. Rebow.

Burgus de Malden.

Jr by Mountagu.

Burgus de Harwich.

Tho. Davall,

Tho. Middleton,

GLOUCESTER.'

Sir Ralph Dutton,

Tho. Stephens.

Civitas Gloucester'. Robert Payne,

Burgus de Cirencester'.

Burgus de Tewksbury.

R. DowdemeU,

Fra. IVmnington.

HEREFORD.

Herbert Croft,

Edw. Harley.

Civitas Hereford.

P. Foley,

Janies Morgan.

Burgus Lemfster. Comngesby,

J. D. Colt.

Burgus Weobly.

T. Foley.

HERTFORD.

Tho. Pope Blount,

Tho. Hulfey.

Burgus de St. Albans. Sam. Grimston,

Geo. Churchill.

Burgus de Hertford.

JVm. Cauper,

Will.Cowper junior.

HUNTINGDON.

HeneageMountagu,

Burgus de Huntingdon.

R. Mountagu,

J. Pocklington.

KENT.

P. Sidney,

Tho. Roberts,

Civitas Cantuar'.

Wm. Honywood,

J. Sayer.

Civitas Roffen'.

J. Williamson,

Burgus de Maidston. Tho. Rider,

Burgus de Queensborough. R. Crawford,

L A N C A S T E R.

Ja. Stanley.

2 j9Februariu

Ralph Ashton.

Burgus Lancaster.

Roger Kirkby,

Tho. Preston.

Burgus de Preston in Amon-

DERNES.

Tho. Stanley,

Tho. Molineux.

Burgus de Newton.

Burgus deWYGAN.

Burgus de Clitheroe. Christopher Lister,

A. Pudsay.

Burgus de Liverpoole.

Wm. Norris,

Jasper Maudit.

LEICESTER'.

John Vemey,

Geo. Ashby.

Burgus Leicester'.

Edro. Abney,

Arch. Palmer.

LINCOLN.

Tho. Hussey.

Civitas Lincoln.

JVm.Monson.

Burgus de Boston. Peregrine Bertie,

W. York.

Villa de Grimsby Magna. Edw. Ayscoghe,

Arth. Moore.

Villa de Stamford.

Cha. Bei'tie,

Phil. Bertie.

Burgus de Grantham. John Brownlou',

IV. EUys.

MIDDLESEX.

Jo.JVolstenholme,

J. Bucknall.

Civitas Westmon'.

Cha. Mountague,

Ste. Fox.

London.

Robert Clayton,

John Fleet,

JVm. Ashurst,

Tho. Papillon.

M O N M OUT II.

Cha. Kemeys,

Tho. Morgan.

Burgus de Monmouth.

J. Arnold.

NORFOLK.

H. Hobart,

Jacob Astlcy.

Civitas Norwici,

Fr. Gardiner,

Tho. Blofeld.

Villa de Lyme Regis. John Turner,

.Cha. Turner.

Villa de Yarmouth Magna. Geo. England,

Sam. Faller.

Burgus de Thetfqrd. James Sloane,

A. 1695.

Burgus de Castle-Rising.

R. JValpole,

Ro. Howard.

NORTHAMPTON.

St. Andrew St. John,

Tho. Cartwright.

Civitas Peterborough.

Wm. Brownlowe.

Villa Northampton.

J. Isham,

Chr. Mountague.

Villa Brackley.

Cha. Egerton,

Henry Mordaunt.

Burgus de Higham-Ferrars. Tho. Andrew.

NOTTINGHAM.

S. Haw,

Jo. White.

Villa Nottingham.

Ric.Slater,

Will. Pierrepont.

Burgus de East Retford. John Thornhagh,

Rich. Taylor.

Burgus de Newark super Trent.

G.Markham,

Fr. Molyneux.

NORTHUMBERLAND.

Phil. Bickerstaffe,

Villa Noyi Castri sup' Tina» William Blacket,

Wm. Carr.

Burgus de Morpeth.

Geo. Nicholas,

Hen. Bellasyse.

Villa Berwici sup' Twf.d Ralph. Grey,

Sam. Ogle.

OXO N\

Universitas Oxon*.

Will. Trumball.

Civitas Oxon'.

Burgus de Noya Woodstock.

Tho. Littleton.

Burgus de Banbury.

A

R O T E L\

Ben. Sherrard.

SALOP'.

Ri. Nervport,

Villa Salop'.

Burem de Bruges, alias Bridget north.

JVill. Hhitmore,

Edw. Acton.

Burgus de Ludlowe.

Tho. Newport,

C. Baldwyn.

Burgu#

8 W. III. 37°

473

Burgas dc Wen lock.

W. Forester,

Villa de Bishops-Castle. Rich. More,

Charles Mason.

SOM MEASE T.

Civitas Bristoll. Thomas Day,

Robert Yatc.

Civitas Bathon'.

William Blathwayte,

Civitas Wellen'.

Wm. Coward.

Burgus de Taunton. Echo. Clarke,

John Speke.

Burgus de Bridgewater.

N. Palmes',

Roger Hoar.

Burgus de Minhead. Alex. Lnltcrell,

Bu rgus dc Ilchestr.

Fr. Windham,

John Hunt.

BurgllS dc MlLBOKN-POKT. Tho. Trave/l,

SOUTHAMPTON

Winchester,

Rich. Norton.

Civitas Winton'.

William Pou iet,

F. 1'ilncy.

Villa dc Southampton. Cha. Windham,

Ben. Nealand.

Villa de Portsmouth. Nicho.Hedger,

J. Gibson.

Burgus de Yarmouth. Anth. Morgan,

Burgus de Petersfeild. Robert Michell,

Richard Holt.

Burgus de Newport alias Me den a R. Cotton,

H D. Colt.

Burgus de Stockbridge.

An. Sturt,

John Veimbles.

Burgus de Newtown.

Ja.Worsleley,

Burgus de Christchurch. Cornbury,

Wm. Etiricke.

Burgus de Lymmington.

Jo. Burrard,

Tho. Dore.

Burgus de Whitchurch.

Chr. Stokes.

Burgus de Andover,

J. Smith,

Robert Smith.

STAFFORD.

II. Pagett,

Vo i. XI.

1 Civitas Lichen'.

M. Biddulph,

Burgus de Stafford.

Ph. Foley,

Tho. Foley junior.

Burgus Novi Castrt sub'. Lynam.

John Lawton.

Burgus de Tamworth. Tho. Guy,

SUFFOLK.

G. Elms,

Sam. Bamardiston.

Burgus de Gippo.

Cha. Whitacre,

Burgus Dunwici.

R. Rich,

H. Heveningham.

Burgus de Orford. Adam Felton,

Tho. Felton.

Burgus de Aldborough. Hen . Jo h nson,

W. Johnson.

Burgus de Sudbury.

Tho. Bamardiston,

Jon. Robinson.

Burgus dc Eye.

Cha. Cornwallis,

Tho. UAvenant.

Burgus dc St. Edmondsbury. Robert Dovers,

J. Ilervey.

SURREY.

Ri.Onslow,

Den:. Onslow.

Burgus de Southwark. Ant. Borayer,

Charles Cot.

Burgus de Blechinley. Maurice Thompson,

I ho. Hott'ard.

Burgus de Rygate.

John Parsons,

Burgus de Guildford. Morgan Randyll,

Foot Onslow.

Burgus de Gatton.

Jo.Thompson,

Tho. Turgis.

Burgus de Heslemere.

Geo. Woodroffc,

G. Bridges.

SUSSEX.

J. Pelham,

Will. Thomas.

Civitas Cicestr'. Ranelagh,

Will. Elson.

Burgus de Horsham.

John Machell,

Henry Yates.

Burgus de Midhurst.

J. Leu'kner.

Burgus de Lewes.

T. Pelham,

Hen. Pelham.

Burgus de Shoreiia m.

John Pery,

II. Pricstman.

Burgus de Bramber.

Nic. Barbon,

Burgus de Steynino.

John Fagge,

£. Hunger ford.

Burgus de East-Grinstead.

Jo. Conyers.

Burgus de Arundell. Walden,

E. Dummer.

WARWICK.

Civitas Coventry.

Tho.Gery,

Burgus Warwick.

|W E S T M O RELAND.

John Lowther,

Rich. Sand ford.

Burgus de Apulbye.

W I G O R N'.

71 Foley,

Ed. Sandys.

Civitas Wigorn'.

Wm. Bromley.

Burgus de Droitwich.

Ed.Harley,

Cha. Cocks.

Burgus de Evesham.

James Roushout,

Burgus de BewdleY.

Salwcy Winington,

W I L T S.

G. Hunger ford,

Hemy St.John.

Civitas Nov.e Sarum.

Tho. Mompesson,

Tho. Hoby.

Burgus de Wilton,

Jo. Houses,

Jo. Gauntlet.

Burgus de Down ton.

Cha.Raleigh,

Cha. Duncombe.

Burgus de Hinbon.

Robert Hyde,

Charles Morley.

Burgus de Heytesbury.

Wm. Ashe,

Edw. Ashe.

Burgus de WestbuRy.

Burgus de Calne.'

Hen. Blaake,

Geo. Hungerford.

Burgus de Devizes.

E. Ernie,

A

Burgus de Chippenham.

Alex. Popham,

W. White.

Burgus de Mamesbury.

Craven Howard,

G. Wharton.

6 E

Burgus

AfTociatfon for defending the King,&c«

474 270 — .28° Februarii,

Afl'.'ciation Burgus de Cricklade.

for defending Chll. Fox, the King, &c. £ym Webb.

Burgus de Magna Bedwyn.

R. Delavell,

Fra. Stonehouse.

Burgus de Lurgeshall. T/io. Neale,

John Webb.

Burgus de Veteri Sarum. Tho. Pitt,

Burgus de Wooton Basset. Tho. Jacob,

Burgus de Maryborough. Tho. Rennet,

BARONES CINQ. PORTIUM.

Portus de Hastings.

J. Pulteney,

Robert Austen.

Villa de Winchelsea. Robert Austen,

Sum. Western.

V:'la de Rye.

Jo. Austen,

T. Frezeen.

Portus de Nova Rumney. John Brewer,

Portus de Hythe.

Phillip Bolder,

Jeicob Des Bouverie.

Portus de Dover. Bazil Dixu-dl,

Ja. Chadwick.

Portus de Sandwich. John Taylor,

Edw. Brent.

Portus de Seaforde. Will. Campion,

Wm. Lozcndes.

W A L L I A.

ANGLESEY.

Burgus de Beaumaris.

BRECON.

Villa de Brecon.

CARDIGAN.

Lisburne.

Villa de Cardigan. John Lewis.

CARMARTHE N. R. Vaughan.

Villa de Carmarthen.

C A R N A V A N. Will. Williams.

1695.

Villa de Carnavan.

DENBIGH.

Villa de Denbigh.

FLINT.

Villa de Flint.

Rog. Pules ton.

G L A M O R G A N.

Bushy Mansell.

Villa de Cardiffe.

M E R I O N E T IL

Hugh Nanny.

M O U N T G O M E R Y.

Eduard Vaughan.

Villa de Mountgomery'.

P E M B R O O K E.

A. Owen.

Villa de IIaverford-West.

William J Vagan.

Villa de Pembrooke.

John Phillips.

R A D N O R.

John Jeffreys.

Villa de Nova Radnor.

Ro. Harley.

Veneris, 2S* die Februarii;

S* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Maidwell /f R, Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom

llettory. JlVJL the Bill for settling divers Lands and Rents-charge on the Rest or of the Church of Maidwell, in the County of Northampton, and his Successors; and, in lieu thereof, for settling other Lands, and discharging Tythes, belonging to the said Church, according to several Agreements between the Patron and the said Rc6tor, made upon the Inclosing of Lands in Maidwell; and afterwards, with Content of the Ordinary, confirmed by several Decrees in the High Court of Chancery; was committed; That they

had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'l able: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Prohibiting A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of India Silks" the Company of Weavers in the City of Canterbury, Calhcoes,&c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Trade depends upon the Manufacture of wrought Silks, and Silk and Worsted Stuffs, whereby they employ many Thousand People: That formerly their Trade was much hindered by the great Quantities of Silks and Betigals imported from the East Indies; but since that Company has lain under some Difficulties, and so imported hut small Quantities of those Commodities, the Petitioners Trade has been much improved and advanced; but if the East India Comp; iy should he established by Act of Parliament, without a Restraint upon the Importation of India wrought Silks and Bengals, the Petitioners are very fenfi-ble of the Decay of their Trade, and other ill Consequences to the Nation: And praying the Consideratio* of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition bq referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brewer, Mr. Heveningham,

Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Gardiner, Sir Marm. Mr. Harwell, Mr. England, Mr Iienley, Sir J Kay, Mr Frezeen,

Air. Watlington, Mr. Sandjord, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Bald-zein. Sir Tho. Daz'a/I, Mr. Bohan, Doctor Sir

Fra. Massam, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bertie,

Air. Clark, Mr. Hedger, Sir Steph.Fiance, Sir Tho. Day,

Air. Carey, Sir John Turner, Lord Sir Richard

Temple, Mr. Moore, Mr. Verncy, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Yates,

Air. Hobby, Mr. Palmer: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the Trade and Company of Wortted-weavers of the City of Norwich, anil County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves, and the said Trade, formerly presented to the I louse, he referred to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish of St.

Margaret!s, Westmimter, in behalf of the said Parish, and 'eltnfS' the Vettry thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, Time out of Mind, the Affairs of the said Parish have been faithfully managed by about Thirty Gentlemen of the heft Quality, Justices of the Peace, and others; who, by reason of the increaie of the Poor, by Widows and Children of Watermen fluin in the present War, have been compelled to borrow great Sums of AIo-ney on their private Credit, to relieve the Poor; the common Way of railing Money, by Rates, not being sufficient for their Support: That the Petitioners fear, the Bill, now in the House, for Regulating of lcieft Vcltrics, and preventing Abuses arising the reby, besides the Difficulty of the Alethod proposed thereby for choosing Veitrvmcn, the Iloulholders being above 3,000, will endanger the Starving of the Poor, before they can he relieved by the intended

1

8 W. III. 58 0 Februarii.475

tended new Confutation: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counlbl, before the Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Pill is committed.

Wool Trade. A Petition of the Jersey-coinberS and Stocking framework-knitters, in and about the Borough of Leicester, in the County oiLeicester, was presented to the House, und read; letting forth, That, for about Ten Years last palt, the Petitioners have employed almost all the poorel* Sort of People of the said Borough, and other Places adjacent, with Work belonging to their Trade; but, for about Tw o Years last, a Sort of People, called Jobbers, have engrossed almost all the Wool in the Country; and have, for the next Sealon, bought the Wool on the Sheeps Back; That the Aulnagers also receive what they please for sealing their Stockings, though that Duty was never intended to extend to Stockings, as adviled; by reason of which Abuse, committed by the said Wool-jobbers and Aulnagers, the Petitioners are like to be ruined; and the Poor employed by them must be maintained by their several Parishes, unless these Grievances be speedily redressed: And praying the Belief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

Kenfiiigton A Petition of John Richardson, Thomas Hill' Thomas

Pavement* Orbd!, and others, the Owners and Inhabitants on the North and South Sides of the Highway in the Town of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Justices of the Peace for the said County, being the reunto impowered by several Acts of Parliament, did, at a General Quarter-Sessions held on the Second oi April last, make an Order, That the Petitioners should, before the 1 irft of June then next, pave the Ground before their respective Houses, to the Middle of the Way: Which Order was made without notice to, or Hearing of, the Petitioners; and hath very much aggrieved them, it having colt 343 /. 14$. 3^.; and will be a yearly Charge to keep the same in Repair; and will also require a Scavenger: That though the said Paving, in Justice, ought to have been a Parish-charge, it being for the common Good of the whole Town, the said Highway leading to the Church from all Parts of the Parish; but more especially, for that the Petitioners are but Sixty-six in Number; and not above the Fifth, and much the poorest, Part of the Town; Seventeen of them not paying to Church and Poor; and many of the rest keeping Coaches and deems; yet they refuse to contribute to the said Charge of Paving, or keeping the same in Repair; and some of them have been so violent as to prosecute the Petitioners to an Outlawry, because all the Paving was not linished at the prccile Time, for want of Stones: That the Petitioners have since made Application to the said Justices for Relief; but, the Law being defective in this Cafe, the Justices declared they had not Power relieve the Petitioners: And praying. That the Charge of the said Pavement may be borne and maintained by the whole Parish, and not by the Petitioners only; and that a Clause may be brought into some Bill for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do hear the inhabitants of the said Parish; and report the Matter, with their Opinion therein, to the Ilonfe:

And it is referred toS'ir Henry D. Colt, Mr. Mountague,

Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Price,

Mr. Eger ton, Sir Robert Cotton, Mv. England, Mr. Gzci/n,

Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Ere be, Mr. Paddington, Mr. Clarke,

Air. Hex'cningham, Mr. Gery, Mr. Hobby, Sir John JVol-jstenholme, Mr. Granville, Mr. EulLr, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Farrer, Colonel Pern/, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Halsey, Sir Rowland Gxnpi, Mr. PhilJipps, Mr. Moore, Sir John Kay, Sir Alarm. I five/1f Mr. Erexcen, Sir Gerv. Eizccs, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bracer, Sir Era. Alasham, Mr. JVatlington, Sir Tho. I) ccc all. Air. Low tales. Sir Richard Atkins, Sir Hen. Vol. XL

Hobart, Lord Cornlmry, Mr. Elson, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Alotistcxens, Mr. Elwtll, Mr. Tredenham: And they are to meet tins Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, African and interested in, the Plantations of Virginia and Maty- Trade. land, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the said Plantations are capable of greater Improv-ments; but want People to carry on the Increase of planting Tobacco; and, if they were sufficiently supplied with Negroes, they would produce twice the Quantity they how do; which would not only employ more of our Shipping, but increase the Customs, and render Tobacco cheaper, and enable us to furnish the Dutch, and other Nations, at cheaper Rates than they now make it; whereby, their planting Tobacco would be w holly discouraged:

That One Negro will make as much Tobacco in a Year as mult pay 30 or 40 /. Custom in England; and the African Company have been lb far from supplying those Plantations, that they have ieized all those Ships that offered to supply them: And praying, That the Trade for Negroes from Acra to Angola may be left free and open to all the Subjects of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Slate of the Nation in relation to Trade; and particularly the A//lean Trade.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, £>.tu># and interested in, the Bland of Jamaica, was presented to the Iloule, and read; letting forth, That the Commodities of that Island are dearer or cheaper, according to the Plenty or Scarcity of Negroes, brought thither from Guinea: That while the African Company exercised an unlimited Power, under Pretence of a Charter, the said Island was not sufficientlysupplied withNegroes; and what came, were fold partially, at what Prices the Company pleated: That the Trade to Africa, being open, or in a regulated Company, will be much increased, the Bland supplied with Negroes, the Commodities fold cheaper our Shipping more employed, more of English Alanu-fastures exported; and, by this means, the Mischiefs of the Scotch Act will be, in a great measure, prevented; but if the Trade for Negroes be restrained to a Company in a joint . the said Island is not like to recover their several Losses; viz. by tho Earthquake, and the Descent of the French, above Soo, oooo/. j and at least 400,000l. taken by the French at Sea: And praying,

That the Trade to Africa may be left free to all; or in a regulated Company, as that of Turkey.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to conficier of the State of the Nation in relation to Trade; and particularly the African Trade.

A Bill for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manu- Woollen Ma* failures of this Kingdom was read a Second time. nukctuies.

lit/dived, 'I hat the Bill be committed to Mr. Sand ford.

Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Gxtyan, Mr. Clarke, Sir IVrn.

Ashunt, Xh'.Bcrty, Sir Hen. Hobart, Air. lily, Mr. Blofeild, All*. Bere, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pocklnglon, Mr.

Bohun, Mr. England, Mr. Erexcen, Lord Corubury, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Ogle, Sir Jacob As/ley, Sir Rob.

Smith, Mr. Speke, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Gardiner, Mr.

Lyddall, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Moore, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Burdet, Mr. Colt, Lord Dig by. Sir John Trexillian, Mr.

Perry, Mr. Muxvdit, Sir John Kay, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Pagett, Sir lloidand Guyn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Elwdl, Mr.

Watlington, Mr. Gay, Sir Walter Young, Mr Duke, Sir Tho. Duvall, Mr. Lambton, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Ereeke,

Sir Ra. Dutton, A/r. Mason, Mr. Yates: And all that1 come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for regulating the Factors at Blackxcell-hatl.

Mr.

X

47 6 28® — 19° F 1695.

Cleansing Mr. Moore, according to Order, presented to the House Havens. a Bill to encourage the Removal of Bars; and for the Scouring, Cleansing, and Deepening, of decayed Havens: And the same was received.

Lord Ton- Sir Rowland Gza/n, according to Order, presented to bridge s, 8se. pjoufe a Bill to naturalize William Viscount Tonbridge,

1 a ' and other Children of the Earl of And the

feme was received.

And the feme was twice read; and amended; and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That Bill, with the Amendments, be iu-groflfed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privi- Shaftesbury leges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough klettioa. of Shaftesbury,- in the County of Dorset, be made Tomorrow Morning.

llawkers and Pedlars.

Garbling

Spices.

St. James,

Westminster, Farish Debt.

Supply Bill; Duties on Wines, &c.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars committed, be made upon 1M Morning next.

was

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition'of the Merchants, concerning the Garbling of Spices, referred, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the taking the Report of the Bill for im- Habeas powering his Majesty to apprehend, and detain liieh Per- Corpus Ions as he shall find Cause to suspect are conspiring against ®ufl)enllon-his Royal Person, or Government, be adjourned till

Tomorrow Morning.

was

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Sitting of resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole House, to Parliament consider of the Bill, That whenever A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir to afflict these Realms by the Death of his present Majesty,

it (l.all please Cod

John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill to enable the Pariflr

m c*

of St.James, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, to raise upon themselves so much Money as will discharge their Debt for building their Parish-Church, Rector's House, Vestry, and other publick Works there, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and uponTobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and several of the Amendments and Clauses were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause F being read a Second- time, That, after the 25th of March 1696, no Person shall take or pay Guineas at above Twenty-eight Shillings apiece, upon Forfeiture of double the Value, and also the Sum of 20/. above, for every Ofl'ence;

An Amendment was proposed therein, by leaving out " Eight," and inferring " Six

And the Question being put, That the Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

the Parliament then in being shall not be dissolved thereby; but shall continue until the next Heir to the Crown in Succtfiion, according to the late Act of Settlement, shall difi'olve the feme.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House. to whom the Bill for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers, and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Masters; and for Payment of Quarters; and also the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year iGq6, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; were committed; be made upon Monday Morning next.

Punishing Mutiny and Deleft 1011.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Committee*. That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Nine a Clock

Sabbali, ~9' die Februarii; 8* Gulielmi Tertii.

± it a j t a a.

MR. Clark reported the ingrossed Bill,

Waflopp^ &c. Euate.

" Eight"

stand in

f Sir Robert Davers,

' \Mr. Gzvynn.

Tellers for the Noes

/Sir Har. Hobart,

' \Mr. Elzcell:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Word " Six" be inserted.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Clause.

And then the Clause, so amended, was agreed unto by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,. agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was presented to the House, and read, That Bar-Iron and Rod-Iron may be imported from Ireland, paying the Duty laid thereon:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was presented to the House, and read, That a coarse Sort of Linen called, Boor-laps, which now pays Custom as Hollands, at 35 I. per Cent, shall hereafter be entered ad valorem, and pay all other Duties accordingly:

140.

>94.

Prayers.

from the Committee, to whom from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make, and till up, Lcales of the respective Eftutes of Bluet Wallopp Esquire, and John Wa/lopp Gentleman, fluring their Minorities; and to purchase other Lands, by the Fines thereby to be received, to the same Uses as the Estates so to be leased are already settled; was committed; That they imd examined and considered the feme; and directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act F.ymeV, for naturalizing SolomonEyme, and others, was read a Isat-Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. More,

Mr. Bahhcyn, Mr. Cheney, Mr. England, Sir John Kay,

Sir John Lira'(her, Mr. Clark, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Halsey, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Turner, Sir Mann.

Wivell, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lmvther, Mr. Hunt, Mr.

Whilacre, Mr. Burikt, Mr. Colt, Sir William

ther, Mr Biddulph, Mr. Campion, Mr. Mr.

Henley, Mr. Eased Is, Mr. White , Sir William Lord Cornbury, Mr. Gardiner: Avid they are ft) meet

this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's , Chamber.

A Bill to naturalize William Viscount Tunbridge, and other Children of the Earl of Rochfort, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

15 An

Lord Tun-bridges, &< % Nat.

V

Tbrf

1: N

Eo.t

V£

to

r

t^-

'-birj

i A

n*a

\m

-fa,'.on

bi "f

uiilffis

n'.l'.mf r.mv & ieiljci

Wail'ia

:.U

s?\

,y.

8 W. III.

Barkham'* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act tiiaw. for making good the last Will of Sir m. Barkham Baronet, deceased; and vesting of Lands in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John ther, Sir William LmvtheMr. Tho. , Mr. Boyle, Sir Raul. Gwyn, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Mr. Gardner, Mr. Philipps, Sir John Sir Hen.

Hobart, Mr. Whitacre, Mr. Paget, Mr. Burdet, Mr.

Egerton, Sir Jacob Astley, Sir John Kay, Mr. Ph. Foley, Mr. Chen, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Lawther, Sir H. Colt, Mr. Colt, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Freke, Mr. Fates, Mr. McmseU, Mr. Turner, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Watlington, Mr. Monson, Mr. Tayler, Mr. Baldwyn, Lord

let, Doctor Barbon; and all that serve for the County of Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do examine into the several Fasts in the BUI alleged; and report the same specially to the Iloufo.

Theft. &c. -An ingrossed Bill for continuing Four former Acts, for on Norther* preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders Borders. of England, wits read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue Four former Acts, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of

Ordered, That Mr. B do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Vetting Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom

Tut bury in the Bill for re-vesting in his Majesty the Honour of Tut-

e rown. bury, Forest of Necdwood, several Parks, Manors, Lands, and Offices, and other Profits, thereunto belonging; and vacating several Letters Patents, therein mentioned; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and the Alatter of the Petition of Air. Rupert Brown, which was referred to the said Committee; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and also the special Matter, touching the said Mr. Brawn', which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme being read, is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Mr. Rupert Browne, It appeared to the Committee, That, on the 21 th Day of November, in the 31 th Year of King Charles the I Id, a Grant passed the Seul of the Duchy of Lancaster, of the Honour of Tutbury, and Forest, or Chace, of Needwood, and other Manors, Lands, and Royalties, therein specified, to Rupert Browne Gentleman, and Samuel Boheme Gentleman, in Trust, for Colonel Edward Vernon; in Consideration of 7,000l. and of a Conveyance to his then Majesty of the Lands at Sheerness, on which the Fort was built; and divers other Considerations, in the Grants mentioned:

That the said Rupert Browne advanced the said 7,000l.

being the Consideration-money for the said Grant; and also, on the 7th of March following, lent to Colonel Vernon 3,300l. moie, upon Security of the fame: And that then Colonel Vernon, Mr. Brou n, and Air. Boheme, conveyed all the Premises to Edw. Byrch Esquire, to the Uses following; viz.One Aloiety lor the Use of Mr. Brown, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Consideration of the said 7,000 /.; the other Moiety, in Trust, to repay Mr. Broun the said 3,300l. with Interest; and afterwards to pay Colonel l emon's other Debts; and then, in Trust to him, and his Heirs:

That, the 6th of December 1684, Mr. Browne paid the Receiver-General 68/. 11s. gd. in Part of the Rent reserved on the said Grant:

That, the 6th of February 1685, a Decree was made by the Lord Chancellor Jeff ryes, for letting alide and vacating the said Grant; and that the famelhouldbe surrendered and cancelled:

Vox.. XI.

477

That, in Trinity Term 1686, Mr. Browne brought a Bill in Chancery against the then Attorney and Receiver-General for the 7,000l. Purchase-money, and the 681.

11 s.gd.; and obtained a Decree for the fame; which

was repaid accordingly;

That Air. Browne, conceiving he was aggrieved by the said First Decree; for that he, who was an innocent Purchaser for a valuable Consideration, and not privy to any undue Afeans used in the obtaining of the said Grant, was, by the said Decree, to lose his 3,300l. with Interest thereof; and also all Interest for the 7,000l. and all his Charges; and never received any Profit out of the Premises:

Upon their Majesties Accession to the Crown, he brought a Bill of Review', to reverie the said Decree; which is still depending; and to which he could never yet get an Answer:

That, upon the Whole, Mr. Browne opposes not the Palling of this Bill; but hopes, That, if the House shall think fit to pals it, Provision will be made for him, that he may be repaid his 3,300l. with Interest for the feme; and also Interest for the 7,000l. betwixt November 1683, and February 1686. when the feme was repaid; and his Charges at Law: All which he submits to the Consideration of the House.

Then the Amendments to the Bill were once read throughout; and then a Second time,'one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Debate arising upon the said special Report;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Wednesday Alorning next.

Colonel Granville reported from the Committee ap- English pointed to prepare a Bill for settling and regulating the East India Trade to the Fast-Indies, That they hail prepared the Bill Company, accordingly; and had directed him to present the same to the House: And lie delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir Wm. Foiic, Sir Prohibiting

Bolles, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Tily, Mr. Seaward, Sir Jos. India Silks,

Williamson, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Callicow,*c.

Elwes, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Sayer, be added to the Committee, to w horn the Consideration of the Petition of the Canterbury Weavers is referred.

A Petition of the Rector, and Gentlemen of the Vestry Vef-of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of West- tries. minster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill now depending in the House, for Regulating of select Vestries, and preventing Abuses arising the reby, w ill destroy the Constitution of their laid Vestry; which is constituted by the Act of Parliament for making the said Parish: That hitherto the Business of the said Parish hath been done by the said Veftiy, with all Fair-ness and Calmness, to the best of their Judgment: And praying. That they may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to die Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Inhabitants of the Borough of Buck- Buckingham ingham have Leave to withdraw their Petition, touching Election. the Election for the said Borough.

A Petition of Thomas Chew was presented to the House, Heron>g and read; setting forth, That Sir John Heron Baronet, Estate. deceased, was indebted to the Petitioner 70/.; and, for securing the lame, with Interest, confessed a Judgment as of HilaryTcxm, 4° Gulielmi et Mar ;and is since dead: That Sir Charles Heron, his Brother and Heir, hath a Bill depending in the House, to enable him to fell Lands for Payment of a Portion and Debts: And praying, That, by the said Bill, the Petitioners Debt may be made payable out of the said Estate.

6 F Ordered,

2p° Febru

Hackney

Co&chmeu.

Shaft lb ury Election.

478

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of several Hackney Coachmen is committed, nave Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records:

And that all that come to the said Committee have Voices

Colonel Granvill, according to the Order of the Day,

reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Shajtsbury, in the County of Dorset, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Shnft.diury;which alleged Sir Math. Andrews, and Henry Cornish Elishire, to be elected:

Upon the Petition of Henry Cornish Efcjuire; a Inch also alleged himself, and Sir , to be

elected:

Upon the Petition of Sir John which alleged

himself, and Edward Nicholas Esquire, to be elected. That the Petition of Sir John Moreton, in a more special Manner, controverting the Right of Election, the Committee thought tit to proceed upon that Matter first.

That it was iniifted, for Sir John Moreton,

That the Right of Election was in the Mayor and Burgesses; the Burgesses being 12 in Number:

But, however, if the Opinion of the Committee should be, That the Right was in the Inhabitants, paying Scotland Lot, it was further iniifted on, for Sir John Moreton, That he had the Majority of them also.

That, if the Right was in the Mayor and Burgesses, it was agreed, That Sir John Moreton was elected.

That to prove the Right in the Mayor and Burgesses, was produced,

2t Jac. 11 Burgesses, therein named, elected.

1 Car.Mayor, and 12 Burgesses named, elected.

16 Car.Mayor, and Burgesses, elected.

1658. In the same Form.

13 Car. idi. Mayor, and 12 Burgesses named, elected.

19 Car. 2. Mayor, and 11 Burgesses named, elected.

29 Car. 2 di.Mayor, and Eight Burgesses named, elected.

31 Car. 2di. Mayor, and Nine Burgesses named, elected.

i° Jac. idi. Mayor, and Eleven Burgesses named, elected.

All thele Returns were under the Common Seal.

That, for Sir Mathew An dr ewes. One of the Sitting Members for the Borough of Shaftsbury, it was iniifted, That the Right was not in the lelect Number, but in the Inhabitants at large:

And, to prove the Right to be as alleged, the Counsel for Sir Math. Andrews argued, That Shajtsbury was a Borough by Prescription, and had lent Burgesses to Parliament before their Charter.

And, for that Purpose, they produced Returns to Parliament of 6° lli. 2. 26 E. 1. 8 //. 5. by which it appeared, That, at those Times, Shajtsbury had sent Burgesses to Parliament.

And further, to prove the Right to be in the Inhabitants at large; andt by w ay of Answer to the Returns, produced for Sir John Moreton; there was produced the Returns following; viz.

17 Ed. 4. Major, <$' (i assensu, voluntate, 8; consensu, alior' bur gens', ac totius communitatis, elegermit.

1* Maiice. Major, burgenses, unanimi

assensu 8$consensu elegerunt.

1695.

2 3 Ph. <§ Mar. Major, comburg8$ communi-

tas, elegerunt.

1 Elis. In the same Form.

14. Eliz. Mayor and Burgesses, by their Common-Council, elected.

26 Eliz. Mayor, and Burgesses, with the common Consent of all their Borough, elected.

28 Eliz. In the same Form.

43 Eliz. Mayor, and of his Brethren, with the Af-sent and Consent of the whole Borough, elected.

1 Jac. 1. Mayor, and 7 Burgesses, and Inhabitants, with the Afient and Consent of, and for, the whole Borough, elected.

31 Car. 2. Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, elected.

33 Car. 2. Mayor, Eleven Burgesses, and Commonalty, elected.

1688. Mayor,* capital Burgesses, together with the Commonalty, elected.

2 IV. Cy Ma. Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, elected.

7 JVilli. In the same Form.

These Returns were under the Common Seal.

That, to prove the Right in the Inhabitants, they also called,

John Legg: Who said. Fie had known Elections for above 40 Years; and that, at all of them, the Inhabitants voted, and none were refused; but he could give no Account of any particular Election, who l'tood, or w ho he himself voted for.

Simon Buck-land said, Sir John Law and were chose by the Commonalty 30 Years ago; and that the Inhabitants, not receiving Alms, have voted at all Elections since that Time.

Phi. Andrerwes said, That Sir Math. Andrerwes, Mr. Grove, Mr. Chajin, and Mr. Nicholas, flood at the Convention; and a Poll was taken; and all the Inhabitants voted, except such as received Alms: That he remembers the Election in King James' time; and thinks, the Inhabitants were denied to be polled; but they petitioned:

That, at this Election, Sir John Moreton and the Mayor went up and down the Town, and desired Peoples Votes: That nobody objected to the Inhabitants being polled at this Election.

Mr. William Drucesaid, That it was agreed at tins

Election, by the Mayor, and not denied by Sir John Moreton, nor Mr. Nicholas, That all should have Votes, except such as received Alms:

That, by way of Reply, was produced King James' Charter, which takes notice, That had been

an ancient Corporation. And

Mr. Atwell, the Town-Clerk, said, That he took the Poll in 1685; and none polled but the Mayor and Burgesses.

He further said, That the first Election he remembered w as in 78 or 79; and that was a popular Election.

He also produced a Paper, purporting a Poll taken in the Year 1660; which, he said, he found locked up with other Papers and Records of the Borough:

But he not being able to give any Account how it came there, nor other Proof of it, the Committee did not think fit to let it be read as Evidence.

That, at this Election, the Mayor did poll the Inhabitants; and he heard nobody oppose it.

Mr. John Bolles said, He was present at the Election of 78: That the People, by Force, made way for themselves to come up, and made a great Noise; and the Recorder, for Quietness fake, advised the Mayor to poll the Inhabitants, not dejure, but de bene esse; but none were polled but who paid Scotland Lot:

That, in the Parliament in King James' time, he flood himself, and none but the select Number polled: And said, That he had been informed by one Mr. Hayes, a Lawyer of Shajtsbury, of Fourscore Years of Age, That the Right was in the select Number:

That,

29° Februarii.

8 W. III.

2 90 Februarii.

479

That, in 1685, there was a Petition from the Inhabitants against that Election; but, as he believed, upon giving a fair Account of that Matter in the House, and that no Poll was demanded, that Petition was rejected: That he was present at the last Election; and the Mayor did say, The Clamour being so great, he intended to poll as large, as before.

That, the Counsel being withdrawn, '»

Mr. Fawnes, a Member, informed the Committee, That the Petition in 85, upon some Gentlemen in the House giving an Account of the Fairness of that Election, was rejected:

That the Committee came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of S in the County of Dorset, is not only in the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Borough.

That the Counsel being again called in, Sir John -

4 # m o o

tons Counsel applied themselves to make it appear, That the Right was in the Scotland Lot Men; and that Sir John Moreton had the Majority of them.

John Walker, Sam. Belpin, said. That they had known

several El eft ions; and that none were admitted to vote that did not pay Scotland Lot, or Watch and Ward. And,

Mr. Ahrell, the Town-Clerk, was called in: Who said,

He had examined the Poll, and that there was, of Scotland Lot Men,

For Sir John Moreton - - - 97.

For Sir Matth.Andrewes - 95.

That, on the other Side, for Sir Mathew Andrews, was delivered in a List of 102 Names, taken out of the Poll, of Men that paid Scotland Lot, and voted for Sir Mathew Andrewes.

Upon which it rested, upon Sir John Moreton s Side, to disqualify lb many as might give Sir Moreton a Majority: And, as to that, the Evidence was thus;

That John Bourne was upon the Rate, but not for Land, in the Borough:

Nathaniel Swetman was admitted to be no good Voter: That John Jaques did not live in the House for which he was rated; but the Overseer had received of him since Michaelmas:

That William Dyer had been assessed; but not paid:

That Wm. Good did not live in the Town; but was rated.

That, for Sir Math. Andrews, was called Two Witnesses; viz.

Phi. Andrews,* Taylor: Who said, Not only the

Scotland Lot Men, but the Inhabitants that did not receive Alms, had voted in the free Parliament that brought in King Charles, and had used to vote in other E left ions.

That; the Counsel being withdrawn, the Committee came to these further Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

On behalf of Mr. Nicholas, was produced a List of 110 Scotland Lot Men, that voted for him; and only of 82, that voted for Mr. Cornish: Which not being objected to by the Counsel for Mr. Cornish;

The Committee came to this further Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Edward Nicholas Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaftsbury.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Bourcher Wray have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence-Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Locourage-

Sir John Hoskins: fSUL

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; and for the Encouragement of Privateers; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Allb,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Baliol Col-afeertuin and settle the Payment of the impropriate Tythes ,eSe of the Parish of St. Laurence, Old Jewry, in Lotulon, to the Malter and Scholars of Baliol College, in and for confirming an Award made concerning the same; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

That the Right of Election of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, is only in the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Mathew Andrews is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Shaftsbury.

That then the Counsel was called in again, upon the Petitions of the Inhabitants, and Mr. Cornish.

And the Counsel, being acquainted with the Resolutions of the Committee, inlisted upon, on bchalt of the Petitioners, That Mr. Cornish had the Majority of Scotland Lot Men.

And, to prove such a Majority, they the Scotland Lot Men for each Candidate

But it appeared, that Lift had not been taken out of the Mayor's Poll, nor examined by it: So the Committee were of Opinion, That it was not Evidence: And

Mr. Cornish's Counsel not having further to offer on his behalf;

Vol. XL

gave in a List of

Mr. Poulteney, according to Order, reported, from the Habeas

Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for 90r?u® impowering his Majesty to apprehend, and detain, such Suspenfkm. Persons as he shall find Cause to suspect are conspiring against his Royal Person, or Government, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards, delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Lieutenants of all the Counties of the Kingdom, or their Deputies or Agents, may, until the Firl't of September 1 b()6, seize the Horses of such Persons as they shall judge to be dangerous to the Peace of the Kingdom; and that, if such Horses be left with any Inn-keeper, the Owners shall pay for their Meat, not exceeding Four Shillings per Week:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, touching fending Persons to foreign Prisons:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Proviso was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to seize any breeding Mare in Foal, or having a Colt at her Foot, under Three Years old:

And the same w as twice read; and, upon the Question put therepon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

inwofled.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Encouraging whole House, to whom the Bill for Increase and Seamen.

Encouragement

290 Febrmrii — 20 Martii.

Sitting of Parliament on Demise of the Crown.

The House interpose to prevent a (Quarrel.

Encouragement of Seamen was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill, That whenever it shall please God to afflict these Realms by the Death of his present Majesty, the Parliament then in being shall not be dissolved thereby; but shall continue until the next Heir to the Crown in Succession, according to the late Act of Settlement, shall dissolve the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the said Committee, That he was directed to leave the Chair, upon account of a Matter of Privilege.

Then the House was informed, That some Words of Heat had passed between Colonel Granville and Colonel Thompson.

And Colonel Granville being gone out of the House;

Ordered, That Colonel Thompson do not go out of the House: And that Colonel Granville be font for.

Colonel Granville coming into the Houlb.

Ordered, That they be enjoiued not to prosecute any Quarrel between them.

And they severally stood up, and declared, They would not.

A. 1695.

A Bill to naturalize William Viscount Tonbridge, and Lord Ton-other the Children of the Earl of Rochfort, was read a brid6e's>&c-Second time. Nat

j Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland (ktyn, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Arnold, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr.

Sloane, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Hedger, Sir Jac. Ashley, Mr.

Brewer, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Waller, Mr. Philipps, Sir Fr. Windham, Mr. Moore, Mr. , Mr. Cttl-

liford, Mr. Watlmgton, Mr. Roberts, Sir Edw. Ernie, Mr.

Vincent, Mr. Osborne, Sir Wm. Lozvther, Mr. Lowther, Sir John Kay, Mr Burdet, Mr. Whitac Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Venables, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Yorke<, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Thompson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Whitacre reported from the Committee, to whom Ease of the Bill for the Ease of Jurors, and the better Regulating Jurors, of Juries, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Bill of Indictment shall be brought to any Grand Jury, but in a plain legible Hand, and in English:

Sitting of Parliament on Demise of the Crown.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House,

That he was directed by the said Committee to move, ....

That they might have Leave to lit again. Ordered, That the Committee touching the Hackney Hackney

Resolved, That this House will immediately resolve Coachmen do fit for Half an Hour, during the Sitting of Coachmen, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wallop's to enable Trustees to make, and fill up, Leases of the re- &c. Eftaie. spective Estates of Bluet Wallop Esquire, and John allop Gentleman, during their Minorities; and to purchase other

further of the said Bill.

And the House resolved accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair

itself into a Committee

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer took the Chair of Lan(jSj by the Fines thereby to be received, to the fame

the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to appoint.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next

Uses as the Estates so to be leased are already settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Committees.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lujue,2* Martii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Ryder's

Estate.

A1

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish an Exchange, made between Thomas Ryder Esquire, and Christopher Esquire, of certain Messuages in London, for the Manors of Bilsington, and other Lands, in Kent, of the like Value, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Norris, Sir Row. Gwyn, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Gardiner, Mr. Mr. Freke, Mr.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Prohibiting Counties of Kent, Norfolk, Suffolk, and Somerset, be added India Silk, to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Calllc0*ifcc* Monday Petition of the Canterbury Weavers is referred.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Baliol Col-Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, k*e ^ale-An Act to ascertain and settle the Payment of the impropriate Tythes of the Parish of St. Lawrence, Old Jewry, in London, to the Mailer and Scholars of Baliol College, in Oxford; and for confirming an Award made concerning the same:

And the said Amendments were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 3. L. 26. for " Appointments," read " Apportionments."

L. 30. after " Parish," add " of which."

L. 31. leave out " whereof."

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Committees.

Sloane, Mr. Paget, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Frauen, Mr. Mr. Bromley, according to Order, presented to the Stretton, Hedger, Sir Roger Palest on, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Thompson, House a Bill for making the Towns of Stretton and *c- Parishei.

Sir John Kay, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Gery, Mr. Slater, Mr. Thorpe, in the County of Warwick, a separate Parish from Fleming, Mr. 11alter, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Whitacre, WoolstoAnd the same was received. Mr. Lassells, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Campion; and all the Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Wednesday Members that serve for Kent: And they are to meet this Morning next.

Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. A^ .

n , rp, 11 . ... Mr- reported from the Committee, to whom Rotherhith

Urdered, That all Committees be revived. the Bill to enable Trustees to raise Money for making a Dock.

24 wet

l

IT.*

g S. it

ut ot rors,

dcknev

jaciiit

aJlff:

to'

*5

C'i

liaftk

UC*

ftie

t

8 W. III.

2° Martii.

481

wet Dock, and improving the Ettate of* the Marquis and Marchionds of Tavistock, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in hi.s Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

The Committee have examined the Matter of the said Petition.

That it was infilled, on behalf of the Petitioner, That Kingston upon Hull, with some Towns thereto adjacent, being a County of itself, that the Election ought to

Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and have been in the next County-Court after Receipt of the then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Writ

severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be in-

grolfed.

St. James', The House proceeded to take into Consideration the M'fihninfier, Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Panfli Debt. to enable the Parish of St. James', within the

Liberties of the City of to raise upon them-

lelves so much Money as will discharge their Debts, for bililding the Parish-Church, Rector's House, Vestry, and other publick Works, there:

And the said Amendment was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Proviso, marked A: That there shall not be aboveTwo Bells at a Time in the Steeple of the said Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

And they produced an Indenture of a Return, 1* Maria; by which it appeared, That the Writ was directed to the Sheriff, and commanded him, quod, facta proclamations in pros' com' villa brevis de die loco, he should cause Tw o Burgesses to be elected.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members agree, That that had been the Form of the Writs; and Returns had been made accordingly from that time to this:

That then the Writ for the present Election was read: Which was in the same Form.

That, for the Petitioner, were produced, as Witnesses, John Craven: Who laid, The County-Court was adjourned from the 7th of October to the 18th.

Mr. Baker laid. That the 18th, being the Anniverlaiy for swearing the Mayor and Sheriff, after the Sheriff was sworn, the County-Court was adjourned from the 18th to the 21th October.

John liaddehough

of returning Otiiceri.

laid. That Anthony , on Monday the 2lthof October, called a County-Court, and Elections — An ingrossed Bill for the further regulating Elections; adjourned it to the Monday after: That the County-Court Irregularities and for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and is kept within the Verge of the Gaol; by which means,

-; other Officers, in ele6ting and returning Members to Par- though a Prisoner, he had an Opportunity to be present; liament; was read a Third time. and that a Boy, that was Servant to Joseph Iiopnum a Ser-

An in if roiled Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the jeant, was then Crier; and he heard the Court adjourned Sheriff of the County of Southampton shall, at the Requell from the 21 th to the 28 th; and that one Henry of a Candidate, adjourn the Poll from Winton, after the was also present: That, on the 22th of October, the Freeholders there polled, to Neuport, in the Me of Wight: Sheriff and Two Freeholders called another County-And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to lervcin Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning l'uch Members.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Select

Vellrits.

A Petition of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the Parish of St, Martin's in the Fields was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Parish greatly increasing with Inhabitants, a select Vestry of 49 Persons, besides the Vicar and Churchwardens, was, by Instrument, under Hand and Seal, instituted by Gilbert Bishop

Court, the Doors being lhut; and, on the next Day, proceeded to this Election:

That the said Raddehough laid, when he was before the Committee, That he was discharged, and did borrow 7 /. of one Frame, and 40 s. of Sir James Bradshaw, for which he hath given Bond to pay at Midsummer.

Mr. Baker said, That, at the County-Courts, the great Doors into the Market-place used to be open; but now they went up the back Stairs:

That, the Day before the Election, he saw Sir Jama Bradshaw in Alderman Ives' Shop; and that then Sir Jama declared, He would be a Candidate: That Sir James sent for the Sheriff) and asked him, If he had received the Writ? And the Sheriff told him, He had received it that Morning, and would proceed to an Election the next Morning: That Sir Jama told the Sheriff, it was not County-Court Day; and used several Argu-

oi London, in 1662, and, in 1673, confirmed by Humphry ments not to e]ea till the County-Day; but the Sheriff

then Bishop of London: That the said Vestry, by succes-five Elections, hath ever since continued; and managed the Affairs of the said Parish, to the Satisfaction of the Inhabitants; but the Petitioners are informed there is a Bill depending in the House, for Regulating of felefit Vestries, and preventing Abuses arising the reby; which may tend to alter their said Confutation: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pals this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed.

and

Kington upon Hull Elec lion.

Colonel Granvill, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Election for the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull, as it appeared to the said Committee, arjd the Refblutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwardsdeliveredinat the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir James Brads/urwKidght, complaining of an undue Election for the Town of

Kingston upon Hull.

Vo l.XL

laid, He had promised the Mayor and Aldermen, would keep his Word:

That the Mayor, at the Election, came with ' his Mace in an extraordinary Manner; and 25 were made free that Morning: That, by Computation, the Burgesses are 700: and, at this Election, under 500 were polled:

And said, That feme Soldiers wrere drawn up before the Town-hall; but could not say it was more than usual/ or that they made any Disturbance, or hindered any Person from voting.

That, for the Sitting Members, were called,

Mr. Anth. Caddy, the Under-Sheriff: Who laid, That the County-Court was adjourned from the 18th Octoberto the 21th, and from the 21th to the 22th; which Day the Writ was delivered to the Sheriff; and that Day, being Tuesday, Proclamation was made, the Writ read, and Notice given, that the Election would be the next Day; and, accordingly, he adjourned the Court to the nextDay; on which Day the Election was: That the Day of Election being Wednesday, the Court was adjourned to Mon-' day, the 28th. And the said

Mr. Caddy and Mr. Duncalfe said, That it was the usual Way, when they went to the County-Court, to go up

6 G the

48a

2° Mar til.

the back Way, as at this Time: And that Sit Jarhcs Bradshaw, after the Election was over, said, It was a fair Election.

That the Committee came to these Resolutions; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir William St. Quint in, and Charles Osborne

1695

Markets, that it, in a great rtieafore, prevents the Sale thereof in those Parts:

That he lately bought 3/50 Bags of Ginger, in order t» have them shipped oft', but was prevented therein, though within the Time allowed for Exportation, by the Act for erect'ing a Garbler's Office within the Gity of Esquire, are duly elected Burgesses to serve in this nreient because the Garbler pretended the same was not garbled v Parliament for toe Borough of Kingston upon Hull. and that the Owner was not the Importer thereof; which Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, is a very great Discouragetnent to foreign Trade:

That the Petition of Sir James Bradshaw, complaining That the Garbler demands 1 s. per Hundred Weight

of an undue Election for the said Borough of Kingston for Garbling of G inger; and the Damage he does it is, upon Hull, vs vexatious* frivolous, and grouhdlefe. at lealt, 12 d. per Hundred; which is now worth 34s.jjcr

The First of the UA Resolutiom, being read a Second H"* but before *> W"> " M b°"Sbt at 14 ' t*f

time, was, upon the Questiou put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; And the Question being put, That the House do agree

Hundred

And that the Garbler never pretended or demanded to garble any Ginger, defore July last, that was exported; And, should he be permitted to putfo great Incomenien-

,u u me viueraon oeing pui i nai me nouie uu ag.rc cies upon Ginger as the Garbling thereof, the Fees of noth the Committee in the said Hesolution, That the Pcti- stat amount to 7 or 8001.

tion of Sir James Bradshaw Knight, complaining of an r

undue feteftion for the said Borough of Kingston upon

Eyme'i, &c.

Nat,

- Hull, is vexatious, frivolous, and groundlels.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobby, Mr. Seaward, Sit Gwyn, Mr. Croker, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Travtrs, Mr. Bere, be added to toe Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, for naturalizing Solomon and

others, is committed.

Supply Bill; Du tic 8 on "Wines, & c.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandize, im-

er Ann.

That he hopes, it may be thought reasonable, for preventing the Mischiefs attending foreign Trade, That no Ginger, that shall be exported, shall be liable to Garbling; it being (a)[so late, and] a new Imposition upon the Merchant.

Mr. Robert Heyshom: That, in Times of Peace, Ginger

may be bought for 7 s. per Hundred in Barbadoes; and that the Garbier's Demands here are 12 d. per Hundred: That he is an Importer thereof, and has imported large Quantities, and never had the same (/;) [demanded to be] garbled, till last Summer;

That, about March last, he fold a Parcel of Ginger to Mr. Stonchcwcr, for Exportation; and, because he did not

toe Third time.

And some Amendments being proposed to be made;

Pr. 1. L. *, to leave out " said Four," and insert ,f Three

And some other literal Amendments;

ported, for carrying on the War against France, was read pajr t^e Garbler, was soon after served with a Subpana 1 ‘ nrvi.j from the Exchequer; where he is (till prosecuted by the

Garbler; who generally marks out those Men he designsto be troublesome to, and excuses several others, w ho pay him some certain Composition for not garbling their Goods: That the Rates are so high, that One of his Porters, or The same were, upon the Question severally put there- Servants, may earn him 3/. a Day upon Garbling Ginger upon, agreed unto by the House. only; which, betides the Duty, is very grievous and

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, burdensome to the Merchants, and altogether ncedkfs; An Act for continuing several Duties, granted by former for^ wi, en this Act was made, 'twas in the Infancy of Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and Trade, and not any Ginger fearce exported.

East India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, Mr. Jos. Pickering: That lie has bought larger Quan-for carryingtlie War against France. _ tities of Ginger, though he be no Importer of it; and,

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sit William Williams have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Ldrd Spencer have Leave lb go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Winnington have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

having fold 40 Bags of it to one Mr. Nut t, and 40 to Mr. C'restier, he lent his Men to acquaint the Garbler therewith, and desired he w'ould fend his Servant to garble the fame, because he wanted to fend it home to his Cnftomers; the which the Garbler neglecting, Vliough the Warehouse was just by tire Garbier's House, the said Pickering sent the Ginger to Mr. Cresner, as it is usual for the Garbler to go to the Shops, to garble there; but the Garbler, instead of garbling, l'eized the same; and Mt. Pickering was forced to compound with the Garblet for his 3d; and produced the Garblcv's Receipt for the fame.

Garbling

Spices.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. York have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, his Mother being very ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, ifpbn extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Whitdctereported from the Committee, lo whom

the Corisideration of the Petition of the West-Indik Merchants, and of several other Petitions, relating to the G ar-bling of Spices, Was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Whore the fatae Was-read; and is as foHotveth;

Mr. Stonehewer said, That the GarblingGinger in England is so for from being an Advantage to it in foreign

Upon the Petition of the Spice-merchants;

Mr. John Deleau: That all our Spices now come from Holland dean, and ready garbled; whereby there is no Occasion for garbling them here; it being a great Preju4 dice to the Spices, by disordering them in the Cask:

That what Cloves were imported by the Edit-India Company, they uled to be brought in their Dust and Soil, as were other Spices; and then there was some Trouble in garbling them; but now that Trade is loft, and in the Hands o f the Dutch, who clean it, as clean as is possible; so that now there is no manner of Occasion for it; but a Hurt therein; fend the Garbler is, and will be, paid as much for looking upon these Spices, and doing nothing, as though he had ah the Trouble of garbling the same: That, about 15 Months since, he sealed a Parcel of damaged Cloves, and had hisJFees, as if he had garbled the fame; a Complaint being made by the Buyer, he has since 'been very«xaft, and troublesome, in his Searches, by pull-la) Supplied from the original-Report. (h) letd.

ing

8 W. III. 2°

ing the Goods out of the Bale# and Calks they are kept iu; which proves very prejudicial to them; and that, although he since refilled to put his Seal upon damaged Goods, he w ill be paid for garbling the fame, though he never so much as touches the Goods: That the Garbler demands, and takes, 3 s.6d. per Hundred Weight for Nutmegs, and 4 s.per Hundred Weight for Mace, and id. per Pound for Cloves.

Upon the Grocers and Druggists Petition;

Mr. John Langham: That as to Cloves, and Nutmegs,

they always come clean, and want no Garbling; nor are they garbled; whereby the Garbler, as.to those Commodities, takes his Fees for doing of nothing more than sealing the m;

That the Computation of the Spices spent iu for which the Garbler has his Fees, are, as to these Sorts that follow; viz.

About 60 Hogsheads spent per Atm. of Cloves; Garbler has 3 /. loj. per Hogshead.

80 Hogsheads of Nutmegs per .; Garbler

has W. 5 s.per HogQiead.

30 Hogsheads of Mace per Ann.Garbler has 4,?. per Hundred Weight 200 Bales of Cinnamon per Ann.; Garbler has is. 8 d.per Hundred Weight That the Garbler's Fees, upon Spices alone, bought in London, comes to 4001, per Annum:

That the Ijtid Mr. Langham having shipped off a Parcel of Rice, the Garbler would needs have imposed his Fees for Garbling of the said Rice; but he, believing Rice was never intended by the Act to be garbled, refilled to pay him; and flood Tryal with the Garbler, and cast him thereon, about a Year and Half since, after great Expence and Trouble to him, in the Disturbance of his Trade.

Mr. Thomas Tuckfciid: That he bought a large Quantity of Pepper of the East India Company, and gave Notice thereof to the Garbler, That he intended to ship off some Part thereof, and that he would fend his Servant to garble the relt; hut the Garbler would not excuse the Pepper that was shipped off, but made him pay Fees for the whole Quantity, although his pretended Office was not executed on it; which was never paid before for any Pepper imported by the East India Company.

Mr. Gerrard: That he had a considerable Quantity of

Caraway and Coriander-feeds of the Growth of England, sent up from Colchester, which were very clean; of which

the Garbler having Notice, demanded his Fees of Garbling; which he refusing to pay, he was served with aa Exchequer Writ; but, he resolving to wait the Event of the Cause, the Garbler, when it was ready for Tryal, thought fit to let the same fall; the Defence whereof amounted to 12 or 14/.

Mr. Daniel Perkins: That several Drugs are prejudiced and damaged by the very opening and garbling the m; especially Alleppo and Tripoli Senna, which the Buyem never stir, or open, but just as they fell k; and it never was pretended to be garbled, till within these Two Years past; and that the Garbling it makes it lose both Scent and Colour; which renders it unfit for Sale and Use: As also, Wormfeeds are liable to the same Inconveniencies: And those, and other Drugs, will not fell in foreign Markets, but in their original Package, which best preserves them; but, by being garbled, are rendered dearer to the Exporter, and lei'seftcemed abroad:

That he demands 2 d. per Pound for garbling Worm-feed from the East Indies; which have been bought for aid. per lib.: And for Turkey Wormfeed he hath id. pet' lib.; which, in Times of Peace, is 101, per Cent, on the Value; and, at which Rate, One of his Porters may get '31, a Day for his Labour:

That Maffick pays 8 d- per Hundred Weight garbling; and he doth nothing to it but take a little of the Small from it, which is as good as the rest; and the Buyers afterwards do give poor People per lib. for picking, i'eparating, and dividing, the lam*

Vo L. XI.

Martii. 48 3

That Rhubarb is demanded to be garbled, by his publick Paperj which was never done, or pretended to lie done, before his Time; and the Garbling thereof spoils the fame; and yet the Garbler demands his Fees lor that, among other Drugs, though he does not garble the fame.

Mr. Byer: That he bought 15 Bags of Wormfeed of the East India Company, for Exportation; and thipped them off, accordingly, within the Time limited by the Act; but the Garbler, hearing thereof, brought a Suit against him for the Value of the Commodity, which amounted to 120 /. in the Court of Exchequer; which Suit is ffill depending; and, if he had suffered him to garble them, it would have prejudiced the Goods, and prevented their Sale abroad.

Mr. Eyres: That, about 16 Months since, he bought a Parcel of Turmerick of the East India Company, which had been imported about 14 Years; but, upon bringing the feme home, which he thought he might safely do, it was seized by the Garbler, and taken out of his Shop; and he was also prosecuted in the Exchequer, where he was put to as much Charge, within 5 or as the Turmerick colt him: That, when the same was garbled, he took not above 16 Pounds of Duff out of 1,000 lib.; which Duff is as valuable as the Commodity itself, within 2 d. per lib.; it being chiefly uled for Dyeing:

That, in 1692, he bought 91 Chests of Alcjtjto Senna, and did agree to pay the Garbler 281. 3 s. for not garbling the fame; for that he would not have it garbled, knowing it would have been 5001. Loss to him in the Sale of the Commodity.

Mr. Tho. Rossell:That he bought a Lot of long Pepper of the East India Company, and went to the Garbler to give him Notice to garble it in the Company's Hands, and for their Account; according as he thought agreeable to the Intent of the Act; and the Garbler gave for Answer, That his Office had its Mystery in it, as well as his Trade; and, the Company's Time being near out for the Discount, the said Rossell was obliged to order him to do it on his own Account; and thereby loft about 2 Value, and was forced to pay him a Bill of li. 6 s. for hie Fees j which so inhanced the Price, that it incapacitated him to fell it for Exportation, which, otherwise, he might have done:

That, about Two Years since, 'he efked the Garbled Leave to buy feme Wormfeeds, and to keep them in the Soil, which he granted him; but, when he had bought them, he often sent after him, and was very troublesome, to garble them; threatening the said (a) [Rossell], That he would make him shew Rel'pest to his Servants, when they came about their Business.

Mr. Proctor delivered in a list of the Rates of the Garbler's Demands, for garbling the Drugs therein; wherein he observed. That there were 29 particular Drugs chargeable more than ever used to be charged by any of his Predecessors; and that, if he be not prevented, he may easily increase the Revenue thereof to 5 or 6,0001, a Year:

That he bought a Quantity of Gaffia Fiftula, sealed by the Garbler before he bought it, to justify its Goodnefe j and was, upon felling the same again, forced to allow such Rebates and Loss as proved to his Damage 50 L atleaft: That, when Application was made to the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen, for Redrefe; and they werefhewn, That he had (b) [added] 29 new Commodities to be garbled; the Lord Mayor asked him, Who ordered him to put them down, and to fix those Rates? He owned, That he did it hiraself; and that the Rates were only a reasonable Reward for his Labour: At which Rate. One of his Servants may eai*n 3 /. a Day: And he has been beard to fey, He doubted not but to bring People to garble Oats and Barley.

Upon the Petition of the Turky Company;

Mr. Win. Fawkner: That the Gar bier's Office is now

made an Instrument of a private Revenue to the City, to the great Obstruction of iiade in general, and the Op-(a) Supplied from the origiaul Report. (i)Ibid.

GniMing

- 4

Garbling

Spices,

484 2* Martii. A, 1695.

predion and Disturbance of the Merchants and Trades-v men thereof':

That he had several Bags of Galls, of which he was the Importer (which he could not fell after having them some Years by him), felling them for Exportation, and lending them to the Custom-house, where they were duly entered to be shipped off, 15 Sacks, Part of 60 odd, were seized by the Garbler, and afterwards was Exchequered; and thereupon did petition the Lords of the Treasury; and was forced to compound, and paid 405. for the valuing them, and 30 s.for the ieizing them, besides 14/. more in other Charges relating the reunto:

That Galls are under no manner of Necessity of being garbled (being not used for inward Uses); nor ever were used so to be, till very lately; whereby it becomes an Oppression upon the Subject, and a Hindrance to the Freedom of Trade: For, as the Call or Demand for Exportation of Galls happens oftentimes to be sudden, on the Departure of Ships, the very Garbling them would take up lb much time as prevents and hinders the Exportation, and often is the Occasion of losing the Market for them, besides the Lose, Charge, and Damage, which attends; which is a great Prejudice and Obstruction to Trade:

That they have made their Application to the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen, of the City of London, in December last, complaining of the Hardships and Op-prefiion Trade lies under, by the rigorous Prosecution of the Garbler's Office; but without any Redress: The Answer from the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen, was, That the Grant of the Office was under such Terms, that it was not in their Power to redress; or Words to that Effea: '

And therefore, whether these great Mischiefs and G riev-ances arise from under an old Law, when Trade was very much different in its Nature to what now it is; or whether it be extorted beyond that Law; the Petitioners do hope they are now in a proper Place to be relieved against the Hardships of that Law, or the Rigour in the Execution of it; and do hope to find Relief and Redress from the Honourable House.

Sir Thomas Vernon: That he had received by the Turkey Ships, lately arrived, 5 or 600 Sacks of Galls, which were demanded by Foreigners, and other Merchants, for Exportation; but could not procure them to be shipped before they were garbled; whereby he was very much obstructed in the Sale, and at very great Charges, and Loss of some Part: He loft the Advantage of felling them for the Market abroad: Which Goods, for Exportation, were never required to be garbled, but lately; and That since the late Turkey Ships arrived; to his Know-lege; he having known the Trade about 45 Years:

That he has a considerable Quantity of Senna by him; but cannot sell the same, unless he suffers it to be garbled; and should he differ it lb to be done, it will spoil the Commodity, and, consequently, he must lose the Sale thereof: So great are the Oppressions and Obstructions to the Concurrency of Trade, arising from the Office of Garbling; the Effects whereof, only the Inhabitants of the City of London1, and the Liberties thereof, do feel, and lie under.

Mr. Death: That he has imported Alexandria Senna for 24 Years last past, and never paid any thing for, or had the same garbled: But the present Garbler does demand to garble that Commodity; and he is forced to pay him a Halfpeny per lib. for only putting his Seal upon the Bale; for, should he open the Commodity to garble it, it would be of very great Prejudice to the fame; for that it comes clean, and ready garbled.

Colonel Willett: That the Garbler, till lately, never pretended to garble any Commodities (a) [imported] from the Levant Seas, the East and West Indies, designed for Exportation:

That, about Five Weeks since, he wanted only Five Sacks of Galls, for a speedy Exportation; and was forced to send to the Garbler's to garble them; but, before they could be so done, the Ship went down the River, (a) Supplied from the original Report.

and he loft the Shipping thereof, to his Prejudice: And that if the Quantity had still been greater, as he has sometimes had Occasion for 2 or 300 Sacks, then the Exportation must unavoidably be loft, by reason of Hidden Commission, and Departure of Ships: Besides, the Commodity is rendered the worie in Foreign Parts, notwithstanding the Loss, and Charge thereof.

Mr. Degrave: That the Garbler has, for Two Years past, taken Fees, for pretending to garble Sal-armoniack, at the Rate of 8 d. per Hundred; for which he only opens a Board of the Calk, and puts his Seal thereon; and has paid him, for so Garbling, for Five or Six Ton; after which manner he may garble 100 Ton in a Day:

That, Two Years ago, he fold the Cargo of a Prize-Ship, wherein were several Spices and Drugs: At which Sale it was publickly agreed, That the Buyer should pay the Garbler; but the Garbler, having reierved One or Two Parcels of the said Goods, put him into the Exchequer; and was forced to compound with the Garbler, and pay him Ten Guineas thereupon.

Mr. Tredway:That he had a Parcel of Fennel-feeds, the

which he sold to a Druggist, who would not have them if they were to be garbled; the which the Garbler compelled him to; but, upon a Promise and Agreement, That if the Buyer would not have them when they were garbled, he would have them at the same Price himself: That the Druggist refusing to have the Goods, because they were garbled, he sent to the Garbler, according to his Promise and Agreement, to accept the Goods; but he then totally refused his Bargain, telling him, He was a Garbler, and no Merchant: Whereupon, he filed a Bill in Chancery against him, to oblige him thereto; but. there happening to be no Witness but his Partner, the Garbler, in his Answer to the Bill, swore, That he never made any such Bargain: Upon which, Mr. Tredway was forced to take the said Goods again; which he afterwards fold for 18 Hundred, after garbled; which before he fold for 24 s.:

That he had some Coffee, butdurlt not fell it tell it was garbled, for fear the same should be seized; but, having another Parcel to fell, he joined it with Sir Humphry wyn's, One of the Aldermen of the City; whereby he was excused paying the Garbler's Fees, or from garbling the fame: That Coffee ought not to be esteemed a Drug, they paying but One Third of the Duty; and Coffee pays the Whole.

Mr. Lennox): That he has been forced to garble Coffee for Seven Years past, and paid 12 d. per Hundred for the fame:

That he had a Parcel of Senna by him, but could not prevail to have it weighed eff without Garbling; whereupon he applied himself to a Brokeif, to obtain the fame; who telling him, He had got such Liberty, Mr. Lennoy weighed them off; but, when he had so done, the Garbler put him into the Exchequer, and gave him Disturbance thereon:

That, at the last Return from Turkey, he had a Parcel of Galls, which he designed for Exportation; but could not ship them before they were garbled: As allb some Piftaches; which heretofore was never pretended to be garbled.

Mr. Cresnor: That he has paid 30 and 40/. per Ann. for the Garbling of Spices; vCloves, Nutmegs, Mace, and Ginger; some whereof the Garbler never opened, but only seals the Outside of the Calk; but takes the same Fees as if he had garbled the same:

That, about 18 Months since, he was concerned in a Parcel of Almonds, and other Goods, aboard a Lighter, in the River of Thames, which happened to be funk by Accident: The Goods were damaged to the Value of 500l. Loss to the Owner; and yet the Garbler forced, him to pay the Fees of garbling the fame, although they were exported.

Mr. Falkenor: That Rogers, One of the Garbler's Servants, said, That his Matter made a greater Advantage of putting People into the Exchequer, than he got by his Office:

And produced his Bill of Charges on Fifteen Sacks of Galls, which he fold for Exportation.

Mr.

2° Martii.

8 W. III.

Mr. Danson, who had been One of the Garbler's Servants, owned, He had heard his Matter say, That One Servant going about to make Discoveries, for Informations, was more worth to him than all his Men at Work.

Mr. Smith: That, about Four Years since, he uled to import Spices from Holland; but has since been discouraged from so doing, by the Disturbances and perpetual Haraflings he had from the Garbler: For having at One time a Parcel of Spices by him, he fenttothe Garbler, by reason he had a Customer for them; and received an Answer, and Order, from the Garbler, to fend them to his ' Customers, and he would garble them at their Shops; for doing whereof, he was put into the Exchequer: Upon w'hich he was forced to compound, by paying the Garbler 20 Guineas; and besides, other Charges amounting to near 40 I.

Mr . Mahai':That, about Five or Six Years since, he

happened to fell a Parcel of Cumin -feed, without paying the Garbler's Fees, which amounted to about 19 or/.;

for which it cost him 7 or 8 /.

Mr. Nortwick: That, about Six Months ago, he

bought Six Bales of Worm-feed for Exportation; but the same was seized by the Garbler, and he was put into the Exchequer; but got off for paying 19#. Charges, upon promising to acquaint him, who should buy the Commodity.

Mr. Heysham: That the Garbler makes him pay 12 d.

per Hundred for Ginger; and others but 6 d.w hereby he gives them the Opportunity of underselling him, to his great Disadvantage.

Mr. Morezcood owned he had a Parcel of Ginger for

Exportation, and prevailed with the Garbler to take half Duties; though he was not the Importer thereof.

Mr. Morse: That in April taft, he fold 69 Sacks of ' Galls to a Broker; of which 27 Sacks were seized by the Garbler on the Saturday; and, on Tuesday following, received an Order for the Appraising the m; upon which, the Broker demanded his Money again: Which Matter is now put to Reference between them: But that it has cost 501, in the Exchequer for Charges; although the Galls were fold for Exportation; for which no Duty was ever accustomed to be paid, till lately demanded by this , Garbler.

Mr. VandacheUer: That the said Galls were bought of Mr. Morse for Exportation; and great Part of them have been shipped off accordingly.

That afterwards, the City of , and the Garbler,

appearing by their Counsel, gave an Answer to the

aforesaid Complaints, in Substance, as follows;

That it w as insisted, on the behalf of the City of,

That they have, by Prescription, Time out of Mind, confirmed by many ancient Charters, and Acts of Parliament, an undoubted Right to the Office of Garbling of Drugs, Spices, and many other Commodities, within the said City, and Liberties thereof, with ancient Fees thereunto belonging; and that the said Office, in all times, hath been found very useful and necessary; and great Care hath al-w ays been taken, by the City of , to supply the said Office with skilful and honest Garblers; and no Complaints of the Execution of the said Office hath ever been made till very lately, which was made to the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen; who, on a Hearing on both Sides, thought fit to dismiss the Petition.

Mr. Steward, the Garbler, said, That as to the garbling Ginger for Exportation, it was done long before his time; and where the Right of garbling that Commodity formerly was questioned, the former Garblers obliged the Complainants to a Composition; particularly one Jonath.

who compounded for 361, for not garbling 500 Bags of Ginger, in 1685: And proved the same by a Letter of Licence from the Court of Exchequer, to enable Mr. William Richardson, the then Garbler, to make such Com-

position: Besides, that the Garbling of Ginger is advantageous to the Commodity, and gives it an Advantage in foreign Markets: The Design of erecting the said Office was to prevent Frauds and Abuses from being im-poled upon the Buyers of Drugs and Spices:

Vo 1.XI.

That the present Garbler pays a reserved Rent to the Garbling City of 300 /. per Annum, and all Taxes; and paid to the Spic«». Chair, by way of Fine, Sir Robert Jeffryes being then Mayor, 976/. for the Term of 09 Years, if lie so long lives, for the said Office; and is at great Charge in employing Seven Servants constantly to attend the Service of the said Office:

That all the Rates which he demands for garbling any Commodity, have always been settled, and allowed, before his time, to all the preceding Garblers, by the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen, and Common-Council, from time to time; and, consequently, he cannot be guilty of any Extortion in demanding them; he never taking more, but very often less, Fees than ever his Predecessors did; and much less than the Law allows him:

And delivered in to the Committee several Tables of Fees belonging to the Garbler's Office, so settled and heretofore allowed, by the said Court.

Mr. Sheppard: That he is certain the Garbling of Ginger is a Reputation to it abroad; for that, in 1684, he bought a considerable Quantity of black Ginger, Part whereof was garbled, and Part not; and shipped oft-this Ginger for One Market, where that which was garbled fold for a Fifth or Sixth Part more than that which was not garbled; the which he hath likew ife experienced since; and has had frequent Commissions from abroad to fend over Ginger ready garbled:

That he has dealt in Galls for Exportation for Thirty Years past, and has had them of the Merchant, by Brokers, garbled; and also of the Salters, garbled; and picked the black Galls from the other, and"then exported them; and fold such for 20 s. per Hundred more than other Galls; and has received frequent Directions to fend Galls ready garbled; and has bought as many so as otherwise, the Merchants abroad defil ing their Goods clean.

'flic Officer of the Exchequer produced the Records of 36 Informations, that were prosecuted before the present Garbler's time, for Ginger, Galls, and Spice, not garbled:

Whereby it appeared to be no new Practice by him set up.

The Garbler: That the Trouble and Attendance of his Servants is as great to view and search Spices from Holland, as though they were foul, having often Dull among them, and being often damaged in coming; and, if they be not garbled here, and sealed, the Buyers are apt to rqix good with bad, which they dare not do after they are garbled; though John Lancashire hath been caught in so doing of Anis-leeds; and his Goods seized for the lame, of the Value of 18 /. because then the Law makes them forfeited:

That his Servants are sworn, as well as himself, to do their Duty in the Garbling; and he has Security from them for that Purpose: And that he loles, by many Goods they garble, which require much Labour, as Senna, fyc.

That as to the additional Number of Drugs and Spices, not enumerated in the Act, and yet inl'erted in his Table of Fees, they are Commodities that are garbleable, and so w ithin the Intention of the Act:; and are most of them named in the Acts of Commton-Council, and Tables of Rates, made in the Year 1604; but that he never demanded the Garbling of any Commodities that are not enumerated in the Act; or garbles the fame, but only when he is sent for so to do; and never seized any such Commodities for not being garbled; and that though the same Spices may come over ready garbled, yet the Act vindicates his taking the usual Fees for his Care, and looking after the fame; that they should not be imposed upon any Buyer, ungarbled, or mixed:

That Coffee is a garbleable Commodity, and was garbled by his Predecessors; for which they had the same Fees he now pretends to; but that he never claimed to garble the fame.

Mr Sheppard:That he bought a Parcel of Coffee for

Exportation, and had One Part thereof garbled, whereout was taken Two Tons of Dust; and, when both Sorts came into the Markets abroad, he fold that which w as garbled for Two Stivers per lib. more than that which was not 6 H garbled;

Mariil

Garbling

Spices.

Totnefie

Election.

Sitting of Parliament on Demile of the Crown.

486 2° ----- --3

garbled; the Cleanness thereof being more inviting to the Buyer abroad.

The Garbler: That he never demanded, or pretended, to garble Tea; though it is garbleable, and often mixt with Dust, and other decayed Tea; but that Cocoa-nuts, Turley Senna, come over foul, and want garbling as much as most Commodities:

That as Alexandria Senna is garbled abroad, lo Turley

Senna, which comes over foul, can take no more Hurt to be inquired and searched into, and garbled here, than in garbling the re:

That though Mastick be garbled abroad, it doth want Garbling again when it comes home, it not being perfectly garbled there; though he did never garble but one Quantity, of Three hundred Weight; for which he has but 8 d. per Hundred, and the Garbler gives 2 s. per Hundred to his Workmen, for that Service:

That the East India Company, Eight or Nine Years ago, imported a great Quantity of Turmerick; and, about Eight or Ten Months since, Mr. bought too Bags of them; of which, he seized 15 Bags, and no more, which was at the Value of 23 /. or thereabouts; whereas he might as well have seized the whole too; that he permitted the said Eyres to a Composition, and took only One Third to reimburse him his Charges, and exculed the other 8.5, the same being garbled; and this was occasioned by the Buyer's Wilfulness, who, both himself and East India Company, had Notice before the Sale, that the same ought to be garbled:

That the garbling Rhubarb makes it the better for Sale; but he never garbled any, or ever demanded any Fees upon that Account, though it is enumerated in the Act of Common-Council:

And owned, That he was concerned in the Coffee imported by Mr. Sheppard, and other Merchants, that was since garbled.

That he does sometimes favour those People that are fair and courteous to his Office, and willing to have their Goods garbled according to Law: And, in all new Commodities garbleable, he agrees with the Concerned, according to the Labour that is required to clean the same hoping it is no Crime in him to remit that Duty to any Person that the Law has invested in himself as a Right: And is very well satisfied it is more Ingratitude, than Reason of Complaint, that has induced the Petitioners to give him these lateDif-turbances in the Execution of his Employment; and doqbts not, had he been admitted to have had a Particular of the Petitioners Complaints, to have answered the fame; but, without that, must be contented with his before-mentioned general Defence of garbling Commodities, for the Safety and Security of his Majesty's Subjects at home; and for the Reputation and Advantage of England, in Markets abroad; and for the preventing of Frauds and Deceits, according to the true Meaning and Intention of the several Acts and Grants upon which the Office of garbling Drugs and Spices is erected, and granted by the City of London; and has had its Being, and the Execution

thereof been found useful, for above 400 Years last past.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolution following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Garbling of Goods to be exported is a great Discouragcmentto Trade, and prejudicial to the Merchant.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Tolnesse, in the County of Devon, be made upon

Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill, That whenever it shall please God to affiict these Realms by the Death of his present Majesty, the Parliament then in being shall not be dilfokcd thereby; but shall continue until the next Heir to the Crow n

"t

22

A. 1695.

in Succession, according to‘the kite Act of Settlement, shall dissolve the lame; was committed; the Amendments made by the Committee to the find Billwhich they had directed him to report-to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's-Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And forne other Amendments were made to the Bill, at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill for impowering his Majesty to apprehend and detain, such Persons as 'he shall find -Caule to suspect are conspiring against his Royal Person or Government, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that die Title be, An Act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend, and detain, such Persons as he shall find Cause to suspect are conspiring against his Royal Person, or Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Poulteny do carry the' Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 3* die Martii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray ers.

AP ET IT IO N of the Weavers and Dyers within the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, w as presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That, by reason of the great Losses of the Royal African Company of England, and for want of having their Trade established to themselves against Interlopers, the Petitioners, chiefly depending upon the said Company, have great Quantities of Goods now in their Hands unfold, and must forbear to employ several Hundreds of poor Folks, which they used to keep at Work in the Counties of Stafford, Gloucester, and Salop, who cannot otherwise fub-fist but by the Charity of well-disposed Persons: And praying the protecting and preserving the Traffick of the said Company, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Nation in relation to Trade; and particularly the African Trade,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation in relation to Trade; and particularly the African Trade.

Sir Rowland Guyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize William Viscount Tunbridge, and other the Children of the Earl of was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill bp ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell the Manor of Pespook, in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of William Midford, an Infant, for Payment;of Debts and Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the rest of the said Infant's Estate; was read a Second time.

Resolved-, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Liddall, Mr. Bicherstaffe, Mr. Lambton, Sir John Sir

Marm.Wive//, Mr. Mpuntague, Kay, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Moyle, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gardiner, Mr. England, Mr.

Pocklington,

Habeas Corpus Suf-pension.

African

Company.

State of the Nation.

Lord Tunbridge's &c. Nat.

Midford's

Estate.

8 W. IH.

Habe

Co"vi*.

Afrit Cod x

Saie«c"2

Sit*

T

a* -:' LOiP-<iL

3° Martii.

Pocklington, Mr. Swift, Mr. Taylor, Colonel

Perry, Mr. York, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Askur.st, Sir fVm. Lo Srr Tho. Day, Sir Hen. Ho-

bart, Sir Row. Gwyn, Mr. Gery, Horc, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Mr. Ryder;

and all the Members that lerve for Yorkshire and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Chamber- An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Iain's fcilate. to enable Trustees to exchange Lands, of Sir James Chamberlain Baronet, an Infant, lying in the common Hill or Field of Salford, in the County of O.von, for like Quantities of Lands there, in order to the making an Inclosure, was read & Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the said Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Preventing Sir Ratvland Gwyn reported from the Committee, to Export of w hom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool was *ool‘ committed, That they had filled up the Blank in the Bill, ftjr appointing a Port for receiving Wool from Ireland, before several Petitions, presented to the House, were referred to them.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power, upon Consideration of the said Petitions, to inlert any other Town they shall think fit to receive Wool from Ireland; and also to receive any other Clauses they shall conceive necessary to the said Bill.

Wimondham An ingossed Bill for Repair of the Highways between Road*. Wimondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for repairing the Highways between Wimondham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Alienating Dr. Oxenden reported from the Committee, to w hom Mortmain 1° enable the King, his Heirs and Successors, to

grant Licence of Alienation of Lands in Mortmain, was committed, That they had made Two Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the one agreed and the other disagreed, unto by the House:

And another Amendment made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Briftott ' An ingossed Bill for the better supplying the City of Waterworks. BristolI with fresh Water was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for the better supplying the City of Bristoll with fresh Water.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

487

The Hbiife divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Mere for Vie } >3».

Telterefor theNoeJ^, . }

So it passed in the Affirmative.

And it is committed to Mr. Mountague, Mr. htrgh, Mr. Waller, Mr. Poultehy, Mr. Heveningham, Colonel Granville, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Lord,

Mr. Elwill, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Mr. How,

Mr. Tily, Mr. Yates, Mr. Gardner, Sir Ashley, Mr.

Mason, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Clark,

Mr. England, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Sir Bowl. Gwyn, Sir Tho.

Day, Sir I fin. Honeyuood, Mr. Croker, Sir God). Copley,

Mr. Conyers, Sir Ro. Cotton, Lord , Mr. Bouycri

Sir Wm.Cooper, Mr. Farrer, Sir Wm. York, Sir John Kay, Mr. Beak, Mr. Slonehouse, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr.

Cou-peT, Sit Wm. Latcther, Mr. LSit Wm. Drake, Mr. Colt, Sir Mann. Wivell, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Boyle, Mr.

Burdet, Mr. Molesworth, Sir WmEU'is, Mr. Ashby, Sir Gerv. Ebwes, Sir Cftr. Musgrove, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr.

Venables, Mr. Ph. Foley, Mr. Vincent, Colonel:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide for the said Persons more effectual Payment of Tythes, and the Churchwardens Dues.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Way* whole House to whom it was referred to consider further Mean*, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Eriday Morning plantation next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade, to consider of the Bill for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade.

Resolved, That tills House will, upon Sdiurday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House Duty. House, to consider further of the Bill f6r granting several Rates, or Duties, upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

An ingossed Bill, That whenever it shall pteaft God Sitting of to afflict these Realms by the Death of his present Majesty, Parliament the Parliament then in being shall not be dissolved °" Hemife of thereby; but shall tontihtic until the next Heir to the 1 rown' Crown in Succession, according to the late Act of Settlement, shall difiolve the lame; was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for Continuing, Meeting, and Sifting, of a Parliament, in case of the Death! or Demise of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do cdirry the Bill to the Lords, And desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Red Lion- Ordered, That the Bill for making Part of the Pafrllh square (St of Andrews Holboum,a new Parish, be read a Second Huthourn) t*®* Tomorrow Morning, new P&rtfh.

Member* Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Mace, into summoned. Westminster-hall, Court of Request, and other Places adjacent, and l'ummon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

A Bill, That the lolenan Affirmation, or Denial, of the Affirmation. People called Quakers, may be accepted, instead of an Oath, was read a Second time. 1

And. the Question being put, That the Bill 6e committed;

Vox.. XI.

Ordered, That Mr/ Watlington have Leave to go into Leave of the Gotahtry for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Petition1 of the Merchants, Master-Fullers, and others scrge concerned in the Manufactory'of Serges, commonly called making, the New Drapery, of and within the City and County of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, who are chiefly concerned in the Drelfing and Ordering of the said Serges, were w holly ignorant of the Petition presented to the House in the Name of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Exon, in the Woollen Manufactory, complaining of the stretching Serges with a Skey: That (he said Petition was secretly

carried

4 3 — 4° Martii. 1695.

carried about for Hands, and is not signed by above Two Persons concerned in the said Manufactory: That nothing can he more beneficial in ordering this New Drapery than the Use of a Skey, which hath ever been used in all Parts of England, Ireland and Holland} and renders the Serges, more acceptable to the Merchant: And praying, That the Use of a Skey may not be taken away; and that the Manufacture of the said New Drapery may be preserved to this Nation, by such Methods as may belt improve the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 4° Martii; 8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pra Y ERS.

Council of Trade.

Leave of Absence.

Bringing Plate to be coined.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for constituting a Council of Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks upon extraordinary Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to encourage the Bringing in of milled, broad, or unclipped Monies, to be exchanged, by Commissioners in the several Parts of this Realm, with the common People, for their clipped Monies; and for the Encouraging of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint to be coined.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dawson's for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Dawson Estate- Esquire, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and for Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrer,

Sir St. Andr. St. John, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. BaUhtyn, Sir

Har. Hobart, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Po

Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Poulleney, Mr. Clarke, Mr.

England, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Cha. Sir Rau land

Gwynn, Sir Jac. Ashley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Duke, Mr. Sand-ford, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Boltun, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Sloane,

Mr. Lukener, Sir Tho.Day, Mr. Colt, Mr. Carp, Sir Edw.

Abney, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir

ther, Mr. Brewer, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Staines: And they are to meet this Atternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Encourage- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, inentof take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Privateers. Lor(]s< ^e Bill for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France-, and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

En< lish Ordered, That the Bill for settling and regulating thP

East India Trade to the East Indies be read the Fit ft time To-mor-Company. row Morning.

Encouraging Sir Richard Onslow, according to the Order of the Day, Semneu. reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Company of Fishermen of the River of Thames shall register all Fishermen, and their Servants, within the Limits of their Charter, to be tranlinitted to the general Regil'ter appointed by the Act:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Person registring himself, as the Act requires, shall be obliged to serve as a Land-Soldier:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That if any Ship be taken by the Enemy, through Care-leffness, or Refusal to Fight, the Persons not doing their Duty in such same shall be disabled to recover their Wages:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time; t It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the City of Bristoll to register their Seamen:

Sir Thomas Day according to Order, presented to the Briftoll House a Bill for the F.resting of Hospitals and Work- Hospitals, houli s w ithin the City of Bristoll, for the better employing &c' and maintaining the Poor thereof: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to enable 1,'ruftees to raise Money for Rotherhith making a wet Dock, and improving the Estate of the Dock. Marquis and Marchioneis of Tavistock, at Rotherhith, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Trustees to raiie Money for the making a wet Dock, and improving the Estate of the Marquis and Matclnonels of Tavistock, at Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That M r. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill for making the Towns of Slretton and - Strettna.&c.

Thorpe, in the County of Warwick, afeparate Parish from Pttrlrt,e#-

W oolston,w as read the Fil'd time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize William Viscount Tun- Lord Tun-bridge, and other Children of the Earl of RochJ'ort, w as bridge's, read the Third time. &c. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to naturalize William Viscount Tunbridge, and

other Children of the F.arl o i Rochjort.

Ordered, That Sir Rmcland Gwydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Prohibiting Say-makers and Worsted-yarn-makers, in the Counties of ln, lla Silks, Suffolk and Cambridge, formerly presented to the House, Calhcoes.&c. be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Weavers of Canterbury was referred.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants, of Wool-the incorporated Company of Clothiers in the City of broggers,&c. Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have, for many Years past, kept at Work many Thousands of poor People, who have confitantly had a comfortable Subsistence by the lame;

but

p

8 W. III.

4° Martii.

489

-but, of late, there hath been great Abuses committed disfranchized: And, as to the remaining 28,' they were by Wool-brokers and Engrossers, who have bought made free under the late King s Charter; so that

up vast Quantities of Wool; who hold the same up at their Freedom feetned to depend upon the Validity of that such exorbitant Rates, above what it uled to be Ibid.for, Charter. ' 1 1

Won',

Supply Bill; Dpty on

French

Goods.

Red-Lion-Square (St. Andrews Holborn) new Parish.

Briiid

Hoipitii

h

Pvte

Dock.

font's, Sec. Ltlate.

Stanhope's

Nat.

Taking off Obligation to coin Guineas.

that it is to the great Prejudice of the Grower, and the -Ruin of the Manufacturer; who mult lay down their Employment; and the Poor unavoidably perish for want of Work: And praying, That this intolerable Grievance may be red refled, by making such a Law as may effectually suppreis the same for the future.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Clarke, according to Order, presented to the House a Pill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandize.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Pill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making Part of the Parish of St. Andrews, Holborn, a new Parish, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Petition of the Inhabitants of Red-lyon Sfjuare, Bedford IValk, ike. formerly presented to the House, was read; letting forth, That # #

And the QucTtion being put, That the Pill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Richard Ilol/ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the personal Lltates of Richard Jones Esquire, and Mary Gyfj'ord Spinster, Minors, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Stanhope Esquire, without any Amendment:

And also have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking off* the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned, with some Amendments: lo which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Prfa.

Leri

br.d:;:-

AC. Si*

Totnes

Lledion.

U:

Colonel Granville, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Rclblutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as - follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Richard Gipps Knight, and James Bateman Esquire, complaining of an undue Election of Sir Edward Seymour, and Edward Yard Esquire, for the Borough of Totnes;

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For Sir Edward Seymour - - 34.

For Mr. Yard.....35.

For Sir Richard Gipps - - 10.

For Mr. Bateman - - - - 4.

But that, for the Petitioners, it was insisted, That 32 that had Right, and were for the Petitioners, were denied to be polled:

That the Right of Election was in the Freemen inhabiting within the Borough; and that 10, that voted for the Sitting Members, were not so qualified.

Upon the Petitioners own Evidence, 4 of the 32 were

Vol. XL

And, as to that Matter, it appeared to the Committee, That an Instrument of Surrender of the Charter of Totnes had been made in King Charles the lid's timte; but that Surrender had never been inrolled; however, upon executing of the Instrument of Surrender, the said late King Ja?ncs did grant a new Charter to the said Borough; and, by that, appointed the Mayor, Recorder, Justices of the Peace, and Afliitants to the Mayor of the said Borough, and some Freemen; and that, under this Charter, these Freemen were made; that, after the Proclamation for Restoring of Charters, the old Magistracy resumed their several Offices, abd those appointed by King James's Charter never pretended to aftlince; nor could the Petitioners prove, That the Freemen made by the said King James's Charter had ever voted, or claimed to vote, at any Election since.

Yet the Petitioners insisted, That though King James Charter was not valid; yet, if those that were made free had a Right to demand their Freedom, they were well made free by such as then acted in the Magistracy.

And, to prove their Right, they called,

Mordecai Cockey, Luke Short: Who proved Mordecai Cockey, John Brooking, Christ. Farrcell, Richard Short, were all Sons of Freemen:

They also proved some of them to have been Apprentices in Totnes; but they could not (peak positively as to their Masters being Freemen.

Fancell and Horace, said, That Sir Richard Gipps had demanded the Mayor to poll these Persons; and began with Doctor Burthogg; but the Mayor said, He could not allow' the Men made free by King James' Charter.

That, to prove the Right in the Freemen inhabiting, They produced a Copy of the Freemans Oath; whereby they (wear not to claim, or occupy, the Liberties of the Town, but during such Time as they shall dwell and inhabit within the said Town.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members admitted, That as to Six that voted for them, they did live out of Town at the Time of the Election; but that one was a Magistrate of Totyics, and the other had not lived out of Tow'n Three Months.

That, however, for the Sitting Members, it was insisted, That the Freemen not inhabiting within the Town, as well as those that did, had a Right to vote; and that though a Breach of an Oath might be a good Cause for a Disfranchisement, yet it did not ipfofacto do it.

That, for the Sitting Members, were called,

James Bucklic, Rich. Cockie, John I Utkins: Who said, That Sir Richard Gipps demanded the Mayor to poll the Freemen by King James' Charter; that the Mayor told him. All that he knew had a Right had been already polled; but, in case he could call any more, he would admit them:

W hereupon, the said Sir Richard Gipps, holding a List of Names in his Hand, named Doctor Burthogg; and the Mayor said, He did not allow him; and so Sir Richard named no more:

That, on the Sixth of November before the Election, being at the Mayor's, and difeourfing of the Election, Sir Richard Gipps said, He was commanded by the King to stand; and that, if he had not One Voice, he Iliould fit; for he had as great an Interest with the King as any Man in England; and that he could procure 300l. a Year lor the Corporation: That, at the Election, he stood up, and told Sir Edward Seymour, He had not of-poled him, but that he was commanded by the higher Powers; and, being desired to explain himself, or he might hear of it in another Place, he said, lie was commanded by his Wife: That, after the Election w*as over, he said, lie would give any Man 30/. to lay him 100l. that he did not carry it in St. Stephen's Chapel:

That, 1 Jthof this Month, Sir Richard Gipps said, at the Mayor's Lodgings, Now he iliould lose it, right or

C I wrong;

Totness

Flexion.

1

4® — 5° Mar tit.

A. 1695.

wrong; for Sir Edward Seymour had such an Interest in the House.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Persons made free by the late King James'

Charter to the Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, have no Right to vote in Electing of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by virtue of such Freedom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parlia- ingrossed. ment for the said Borough of Totnes is in the Freemen not inhabiting, as well as the Freemen inhabiting, within the said Borough of Totnes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Edward Seymour, and Edward Yard Esquire, are

duly elected Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Totness.

And the feme was twice read; and, with feme Amendments, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Honour of Tutbury, and Forest of Needwood, by this Act re-vested in the Crown, shall not be alienated from the Crown:

And the feme was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be

A Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to the English East Indies was, according to Order, read the First East India time. Company.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

H

Htc

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Ways and whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Means. Resolved, ThatTit is the Opinion of this Committee, Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to That the Petition of Sir Richard Gipps, complaining of an his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, be undue Election for the said Borough of Totnes, is vexa- made upon Friday Morning next, tious, frivolous, and groundless.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Encourage-The said Resolutions being severally read a Second take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the ment of time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Lords, to the Bill for continuing the Act for prohibiting Pnvat*en*

all Trade and Commerce with France; and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jervis, 5* (lie Martii; 8® Gulielmi Tertii,

Praters.

Fees on Proceedings of the House.

AN ingrossed Bill for settling divers Lands and Rents- Maydwell charge on the Rector of the Church of Rectory.

Tregony

Election.

Leave of Absence.

agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That Sir Richard Gipps, having preferred to this House, a frivolous, vexatious, and groundless, Petition, relating to the Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Sir Richard Gipps do make Satisfaction to the Members of this House he petitioned against, for the Costs and Expences they have been put unto by reason of such Petition.

Ordered, That Sit Jos. Williamson, Sir Edw. Seymour,w

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Harley, Sir JValter Yonge, Sir in the County of Northampton, and his Successors; and, Rich. Onslmv, Sir John Kay, Sir GodfryCopley, Colonel in lieu thereof, for settling other Lands, and discharging Granville, Mr. Bertie, Lord Pawlet, Sir Jac. Ashly, Tythes belonging to the said Church; according to several Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Boscawcn, Mr, Lowther, Mr. Pa- Agreements between the Patron and the said Rector, made

pillon, Mr. Smith, Mr. Woodroffe, Mr. Palmes, Mr. upon the Inclosmgof Lands in and afterwards,

Halsey, Doctor Oxenden, Sir JVm. Lowther, be added to with the Consent of the Ordinary, confirmed by several the Committee, to whom the Fees relating to the Pro- Decrees in the Court of Chancery; was read the Third ceedings of this House are referred: And that they do lit time.

de die in diem :And are impowered to fend for Persons, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

Papers, and Records. An Act for settling divers Lands and Rents-charge on

the Rector of the Church of Maydwell, in the County of Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee of Pri- Northampton, and his Successors; and, in lieu thereof, vileges and Elections, for the Borough of Tregony, in the for settling other Lands, and discharging Tythes belong-County of Cornwall, be made Tomorrow Morning. fog to the said Church; according to several Agreements

between the Patron and the said Rector, made upon the Ordered, That Sir JVm. Coryton have Leave to go into Inclosing of Lands in Maydwell; and afterwards, with the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc- Consent of the Ordinary, confirmed by several Decrees in

IVII

Bn

l)it

E:i

Evil

U

cafions.

Ordered, That Sir Fra. have Leave to go

into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

the Court of Chancery.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Wilton

Bridge.

Veiling Tutbury in the Crown.

Ordered, That Colonel Lee have Leave to withdraw Canterbury his Petition, touching foe Election for the City of Can- Election. Mr. Thomas Foley, according to Order, presented to the terbury.

House a Bill for Repeal of an Act made in the 39th Year

of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth; and for taking off the Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Coparcenary Duty of Pontage payable at JVilton Bridge, near Rosse, in to whom the Bill for the more eafv obtaining Partitions of Lands, the County of Hereford: And the same was received. Lands in Coparcenary is committed. That they do make

.. , the Bill extend to joint Tenants, as well us Tenants in

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the common) if fogy think tit. special Report concerning Mr. Rupert Browne, relating to

the Bill for re-vesting in his Majesty the Honour of Tut- a gfo encourage foe Removal of Bars; and for foe Cleansing bury, Forest of Needwood, several Parks, Manors, Lands, Scouring, Cleansing, and Deepening, of decayed Havens; Havens, and Offices, and other Profits, thereunto belonging, and was read the First time.

vacating certain Letters Patents therein mentioned: Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second time.

And a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That Rupert Brawn should be at Liberty to proceed in a A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and other select Bill of Review in Chancery, for Reversal of a Decree in considerable Inhabitants, of the Parish of Stepney, in the Vestri*. this Bill mentioned, 8$c. County of Middlesex, was presented to foe House, and

2,5 read;

Bri

Hoi

4c.

'll

EnsliOj W It£i Cojnpan.

Wars m Msaos,

Encotifr

mail of Pnvaitt

Miwi

M

1

1

J

t

e

1

Ei£

Cu-

IP

je#

V«3?

Regulating

Hackney

Coachmen.

Wilton

Bridge.

Dawfons

Dilate.

Eyme's, See. Nat.

Briftoll

Hospitals,

&c.

Hawkers and Pedlars.

Plantation

Trade.

8W.UI. 5° Mmii. 491

read; setting forth, That the said Parish hath been governed by a select Vestry above 100 Years; and bath contributed very much to the Peace of the Inhabitants; which will be endangered, and the Election of Vestry-men end in a Mutiny, if the Methods prescribed in a Bill, now before the House, for Regulating of ielect Vestries, and preventing Abuses arising the reby, djould be established by a Law; And praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Nathaniel Tuther, on behalf of himself, and the rest of the Coach-makers inhabiting within the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches do, by Colour of the late Act of Parliament, in that behalf made, prohibit the Petitioners from letting their Coaches to Gentlemen, for their own private Use, which is a great Part of their Trade; and the Petitioners areadvised, such Re-striction is not within the Meaning of the said Act; And praying, That the House will explain the said Act, touching the Premises aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Act for regulating and licensing Hackney Coachmen: And that Mr. Co and Sir // in Coriton do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Bill for Repeal of an Act made in the 39th Year of the Reign of Queen Eliza;and for taking off the Duty of Pontage payable at Wilton Bridge, near Rosse Bridge, in the County of was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoar, Mr. Westeme, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Mason, Mr. Hillersdm, Mr. Beake, Mr. Venables, Sir Robert Smith, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Dawson Esquire in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, is committed.

Mr. Elwill reported from the Committee, to w hom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Solomon Eyme, and others, was committed. That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

Prels 3, L. 33, and 34, leave out " John Provost," and insert "IsaacBerthon."

Prels 4, L. 21, leave out John Provost," and insert " Isaac Berthon."

Press 5, L. 21, and 22, leave out " Preoost," and and insert " Isaac Berthon

A Bill for the erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristoll, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Suppressing of Hawkers and Pedlars was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next

A Petition of several French Protestants, residing in and about London, in behalf of themselves, and other French

Protestant Families settled in the English Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, being prosecuted for their Beligion in their native Countries; and being encouraged V01. XL

to come over into England, by the Declaration of King Charles the I Id, in July 1681; and since, by another of his

present Majesty's in April 1689 i they accordingly did, at great Hazard and Expence, transport themselves into England and America; where they have improved the English Colonies by Trade and great Labour; and especially Carolina and New-York, which are chiefly inhabited by French Protestants, who have employed what little they could lave in the Improvement of Trade there, for a Maintenance for their Families: That in the Bill, now before the House, for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, there is a Clause, That no Person, other than such as are Natives of England or Ireland, or born in his Majesty's Plantations, shall trade, as a Merchant or Factor, in the Plantations, under a Penalty: That, if such a Clause be inlcrted, many of the Petitioners must be undone, and their Families itarve; or return to England, to fublilt upon the publick Charities:

And praying, That the House will omit the said Clause in the aforesaid Bill; which will he the Petitioners Ruin if itfliould pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill for settling and regulating the English East Trade to the East Indies be read a Second time upon India Com-Monday Morning next. l)a"-v‘

Ordered, That the Bill for vesting in the Crown the English and forfeited Estates in England and Irelatul; and to vacate lrith For-all Grants made thereof; be read a Second time upon feiture*-Tuesday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Taking off Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill for taking Obligation off' the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, Qu^jf for a certain Time therein' mentioned:

And the same was once read; and is as followeth; viz.

" And whereas the Importation of Guineas from beyond " Sea may prove very prejudicial to this Kingdom, in the present Conjuncture, if not prevented; Be it therefore Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, from " and after the said 2d Day of March until the said First " Day of January, it shall not be lawful for any Person " or Persons to import Guineas, or Half-Guineas, into " this Kingdom, on any Pretence whatsoever."

The said Amendment was read a Second time:

And an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding " upon Forfeiture of all such Guineas, or " Half-Guineas, as shall be lb imported; one Moiety " thereof to his Majesty, and the other to such Person or " Persons as shall seize or prosecute for the lame; to be " recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster wherein " no Efi'oin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law,

" shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by.

Then the Amendment was read a Third time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

Ordered, That Mr. Godolpliindo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint tliein, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment, with an Amendment: To which Amendment, they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Colonel Grantill, according to Order, reported, from Tregony the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, Election. touching the Election for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon

Tregony Upon the several Petitions of Sir Tredenham, and eeuon. Seymour Tredenham Esquire, complaining of an un-

due Election of Francis Roberts Esquire and James Mountague Esquire:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were thus;

For Mr. Roberts -93.

For Mr. Mountague - - - 99.

For Sir Jos. Tredenham - 88.

For Mr. Tredenham 60.

That it was agreed, That all such Inhabitants of the said Borough as did provide for themselves, whether they lived under the same Roof or not, had a Right to vote.

But the Petitioners insisted, That the Mayor ought not to have voted; and that the capital Burgesses, if they were not House-keepers, had no Right to vote: Which was denied by the Counsel for the Sitting Members.

That the Sitting Members had given Exceptions to Nine of them that polled for the Petitioners; which the Petitioners insisted they could justify; and also would justify 17 others, that would have voted for them, and were refused by the Mayor to be polled.

That the Petitioners also insisted, That many ill Practices had been uled by the Sitting Members or their Agents, with relation to the said Election.

And, for the Petitioners, were first called,

Henry Greby: Who laid, That the Town had been a long time dissatisfied with the Election of Strangers:

r> o

That about 140 went to Sir Joseph Tredenham & House, and desired him to stand for the said Borough; and that the Mayor had promised to do what he could for him: But Mr. Harvey, Mr. Steward, laid, His

Matter expected both Votes; at which the Town being dissatisfied, they desired Mr. Seymour Tredenham to stand:

That it was given out, That such as were Mr. careen's Friends, if they would give a Angle Vote, they should have 6 d.a Day; and, if a double Vote, 12 a Day: And that the Mayor said, Sir Joseph would lose it, unless he did as they did: And that one Melehisedeek Kinsman, who voted for Mr. Roberts and Mr. JMountague, had before promised Sir Joseph; and being asked, Why lie went off? he said, He got Two Hogs by it; One of which Hogs, lie believes, was worth 305.:

‘ That Wooldridge said, He had 1,000 Weight of Tin,

which he was to distribute: And that, a little before the Election, the Mayor said, He could have 100l. for Ten Voices.

To prove the 9, that had polled, and was now objected to, had a Right, they called,

Henry Greby, Ja. T: Who said, That 77 May was a Housekeeper, and had lived in Town above Four Years:

But, on the other Side, it was testified, That he was a poor Man, and had lived (a) [that Time] under Presentments:

That Henry Bozeman had been a House-keeper for Three Years and upwards:

On the other Side, it was testified, He was under the same Circumstances as May:

That Henry Triscawenwas a House-keeper, and soli-, cited for the Sitting Members; and said, He might have had 61.:

On the other Side, it was testified, That, all the Time of the Election, he lay in a Hog-stye:

That John Morse had an Estate in Tregony of 14 or 16/. a Year, and was a House-keeper:

That Henry Tiller is a House-keeper:

That John Collet is a House-keeper, and kept an Inn: That Richard Pasco is a House-keeper, and by Trade a Mason, and sometimes abroad for Half a Year; but his Sifters at that Time lived in his House:

On the other Side, it was testified, That his Sifters did not live with him, and he had no Servant:

That Win. Barnicotewas a Housekeeper:

Supplied from the original Report.

On the other Side it was testified, That he worked in a Chamber, and had no Chimney:

That Peter Gummer kept a Shop:

On the other side, it w as testified, That he lodged with his Brother, and had neither Pot, nor Bed.

That as to the 17, refused by the Mayor to be polled, the Evidence was thus;

That John Collins did vote before:

That James Dodge is a House-keeper:

On the other Side, it was testified, That he lay under a Presentment and was a very poor Man:

That William Bedjord is Minister of the Town, and pays Rates:

But, on the other Side, it was proved-, That he boarded with Thomas Tonkyn at the Time of the Election:

That Ra. Tiller is a House-keeper, and was solicited on the other Side:

For the Sitting Members it was proved. That he had received Charity, but not constant Alms:

That1 John Collett junior was Clerk of the Market:

That Silvester Husbands is Crier of the Town, and a House-keeper:

On the other Side, it was proved, He was a very poor Man, and, 4 Years ago, had been in an Ahns-house:

That Richard Marke maintained himself, and rented a Shop at 4.9. a Year:

That John Minors did rent a House; but it was owned he had received Charity:

That Elias Herd rents a House, and maintains himself:

On the other Side, it was proved, He was a very poor Man, and his Wife buried by the Charity of the Town. That then the Petitioners proceeded to disqualify 18, that they had excepted to, of the Sitting Members Voters: And for that they called,

Triscazcen: Who said, That Peter was no

House-keeper; but went out of Town 3 Quarters of a Year since, and lived at Torrington; but it was owned, he had been M ayor:

On the other Side it was testified, That he had reserved a Chamber in the House he before lived in, and lay there at the Time of the Election:

That Thomas Tonkyn w anted a Month of Age at the Time of the Election;

That John Dean was a Servant; and was removed to some other Town 2 Years before the Election:

On tl ic other Side, it was testified. That he was always House-keeper; and only went for a few' Days to assist his Brother; and reserved a Room, and had Houshold-goods:

That Ri. JMoyle was no House-keeper:

On the other Side, it w as testified, He kept a Shop: That Anthony Woolhousewas an Exciseman, and a Lodger:

On the other Side, it was proved, That he kept a Maid-Servant, and dressed his own Meat:

That Henry /////lived with his Father:

On the other Side, it was said, He lived in a House of his own:

That James Hitchinreceived Collection:

On the other Side, That he voted formerly.

That the Evidence against the rest was not positive, but upon Hearlay.

That the Petitioners, to prove several ill Practices by the Sitting Members, or their Agents, they called, Richard Betty: Who said, That Cana appeared for Mr. Boscawen and $>lr.Mountague-, and that Cann would have given him 20,v. to vote; but he would not take it.

John Knight said, That J Knight senior had promised Sir Joseph Tredenham One Voice; but afterwards

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Drink-cater,&c. told him, That if he

did not vote for Mr. Boscazt en, he must turn out of all Employments:

That Wooldridge had 105.; Hai'vey 105.; Ripping and

Cann 20 s.between them; and he law the Money given:

That Mr. Boscazcenalked, Who he was for? and then

promised him a Lease: and put it down in his Book:

That

8 W. III.

That a double Voice had \id.; and a single Voice but 6 d.

That he met Wooldridge, and some others, on the Election-day; and fays lie, Here is 2.5 y. for the Time past; and, if you will not vote for Mr. Boscawcn you shall not vote at all.

Pascoc Collins said, Conm offered him 3/. to vote for Mr. Mount ague, and gave him 2 s.; and was offered 4/. by the Mayor the Election-day in the Morning, to go off from Sir Joseph, and vote for Mr. Moun~ tague.

James Turnoe said, That Mr. Harvey requeued him to vote for Mr. Boscaucn, and his Friends; and told him, A single Vote would not be accepted; and said, He would give him 50,?.; but he did not accept of it: And Pentyre, Agent for Mr. Boscawen, said, He would give him 6/. and make it worth 10/. to him; but he voted for the Petitioners.

Robert Tiller said, That he was offered 3/.; whereof he received 10^.; and when he had given both his Voices against Sir Joseph, he was to receive the other 50 s.; and told him. If 3 /. was not enough, he should have what he would.

James Triscawen and Wm. Barnicote testified, That the Mayor said, He might have 100 Guineas, if he would be fcgainst Sir Joseph Tredenham; but he would not, for the Kindness he had for him.

John Collet said, the Mayor told him, If he would he for Mr. Boscaucn, lie should have a Voice; and that Ripping, and some others, gave him 16 Half-crowns in Hand to have voted for the Sitting Members; but lie returned the Money again, and was refilled his Voice afterwards:

That lie asked Gild the Rcsfon, Why he would be against Sir Joseph ? And lie said, He had 30/. of Mr. JBoscauen to set up his Trade.

Tho. May heard the Mayor say, Two Days before the Election, If Sir Joseph had 100 Voices more than the Others he should not carry a Burgessship.

That, for the Sitting Members, were called,

John Cole: Who 1'aid, He was Steward to Mr. Roberts; and fays, That, when the Voices were cast up, the Majority fell upon the Sitting Members: That some Queries were made; and those that were made out were allowed, on both Sides; and Sir Joseph, as he thought, seemed satisfied; but did say to Mr. Boscazven, He would fee him in another Place.

John. Wooldridge lit id, That James Trisccncen did manage for Sir Joseph Tredenham \ and lie asked him, If Sir Joseph had paid him ? To which Triscazccn answered, That he had not; and that, if Sir Joseph did not carry it, he questioned whether ever he should be paid.

1 homos Tonkyn said, That the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot.

That as to ill Practices, on the Petitioners Side, they called,

Tho. Carcw: Who said, He was at Sir Joseph Treden-hands House, Half a Year before the Election; and Sir Joseph gave him 1 o s.: That he told Sir Joseph, He w as in Debt 5/.; and Sir Joseph said, He should not want that: That a little before the Election he tendered the 10 s. to Sir Jos.; but he would not accept of it: That he did not vote for Sir Joseph; and, after the Election was over, he lent for the 10a1.; And denied that ever he said any thing of receiving 2.5/. for a Voice:

Rut being confronted by 3 Persons, they testified That he had said, That. had, or could have, 25/. for his Voice.

Wooldridge denied, That he ever offered Carczv any Money to vote.

Another Witness said, He asked Tho. Gammer, Why lie was against his Landlord ? and he said, He had 20 £. for his Voice; that Mr. Seymour Tredenham bid him go to one Ralph for it; which, accordingly, he did, and received it.

Vql. XI.

493

Roger Sundercombt said, He was offered 3/. by Stephen Trrcnny Gibbs, Servant to Sir Joseph Tredenham, for his Voice. Lkmou.

Charles Crocker said, Pascoc Collins told him, That he was with Sir Joseph, and he proinifed him 3/. 10s.; and afterwards had his Money.

Hugh Livy said, Sir Joseph's Servants asked a Voice for his Maitcr; for that his Mailer's Business was dangerous; and told him, if he w ould vote for his Maitcr, lie should have 5/.; and that his Maitcr John had a Ship of Timber coming home, and he should have what he would.

Ja. Triscazccn said, He was requested by one of Sir Joseph's Men to vote for him; and he told them, They should have 50 s. apiece, or jj /.

Mr. Harvey denied, That he had offered Turno any Money to vote.

That upon the whole Matter, the Committee canu> to these Resolutions;

Rcfolted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Francis Roberts Esquire is duly elected a Burgcfe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That James Mount ague Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tregony.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Recovery of his Health. Ablem-u,

Ordered, That Mr. Freke have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and Land-holders, in Avon the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, near Bath, was Navigation, presented to the House, and read: letting forth, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of IVitts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable, if it should pass as it now is, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners; and will not be serviceable to the Publick, as is pretended: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, to offer their Objections against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several other Gentlemen, and Land- Ditto, holders, in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, was prelbnted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill now depending in the House, for* making the River Avon, through the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable; which, if it should pals into a Law, as the same now stands, will very much wrong and injure the Petitioners Freeholds; and he no ways serviceable to the Publick, as is falsly pretended: And praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill, before it pass this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House according to the Order of the Day, rc- state of the solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Nation — consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to ;^cai1 Trade; and particularly the AJncan Trade. ra e‘

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Gram-ill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granxill reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

6 K Ordered\

5* Martii.

F neouragf-ment of Privateers.

Committees-

Members

fuiiimunccl.

Eymes, &c. Nat.

Stretton, Sec. Panthes.

Jones', Sec. Dute.

Ryder's

lliiute.

Serge

making.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Rcfoked, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take into ('onlider.ition the Amendments, made t»v the Lords, to the Bill lor continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 6* Martii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

f~\RDFAlED That the Serjeant do go into Westmin-sfer-hall, Court of Rcqnelts, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the lloule-

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing of Salomon Fand others, was read the Third time.

Rewired, That the Bill do pass, with the Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobbydo carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill for making the Towns of Si ret ton and Thorp, in the County of Warwick, a l'cparate Parish from Wecltvn,w as read a Second time.

Re/iked, That tire Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley, Sir Gtri' Ek es, Mr. Bickers/affe, Lord Sir

Temple, Mr. Bh feild, Sir Robert Sir// Askant,

Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Sfmier/y, Sir lien. Mr. Chad-trick, Mr. Pinned, Doctor Oxer, den, Mr. / / hit acre, Mr. Fleming, Mr. England, Mr. Sir Goff] Mr.

Onsloxc, Mr. Pcpys , Mr. Ba/dwyn Mr. Bertie, Sir Endu, Sir Joint Kay, Mr. Frauen, Mr. Palmes, Sir Robert Cotton. Mr. Wader, Mr. Puller, Sir Treedlian,

Sir John Bodes, Mr. Daniel!, Mr. Newport, Mr.

Sir 77to.DoN, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Frcke, - Mr. Coll, Sir Sa. Barnardiston, Mr. Farrar, Mr. Sand ford,

Mr. Boyle, Mr. Elwill, Mr. Paddington; and all that foi'vc for the County of WarAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for letthng the Personal Eltutes of Riehan Esquire, and Maty Gifford, Spinster, Minors, in Trustees, for the

Purposes therein mentioned, was read the 1'irlt time. Rejoiced, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the iagrolled Bill, from the Fords, intituled, An Act to coutirm and establish an Exchange, made between Tho. RijdcrY.fnwe, and( 'hr'c'tnpherC Titherae Esquire, of certain, Messuages in London, for the Manors o and

other Lands, in Kent, of the like Value, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report the same to the I Joule, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the Merchants, Serge-makers, Fullers, and others, concerned in the Manufactory of Serges within the Town of 7auntou, in the County of Somerset, ard Parts adjacent, was presented to the Iloufe, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. That a Petition hath been lately presented to the House, in the Name of the Merchants and Traders of the City of Exon,

in the Woollen Manufactory; thereby complaining. That the Use of a Skey, in dressing Serges and Cloths, is very prejudicial to the fame, and to Labourers employed therein; but the Petitioners aver the contrary; and that the said Instrumetit hath been used, Time out of Mind, in most Parts of England, and in Ireland; and is of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and all others concerned in the drolling Serges and Cloths; without which, they cannot he completely drelied, so as to be made acceptable in foreign Markets; That if the Lile of a Skey should be prohibited in England, all Buyers would resort so Ireland for the said Manufactures; lo that a great Part of that Trade will be loft to England: And praying the Preservation of their Trade; and that tho Ule of the said Instrument may not be prohibited.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

A Petition of Edward Lord Bishop of St. Asaph was privilege — presented to the House. Petition

And the same relating to Mr. Nanny, a Member of this House; who was not in the House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Nanny do attend in his Place upon Monday Morning next: And that the said Petition be then read.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Proceedings in Courts cf Courts of Equity be read the Second time upon Monday ^(lully-Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Quakers whom the Bill, That the solemn Affirmation, or Denial, Aihrmati*. of the People called Quakers, may be accepted instead of an Oath, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered and Declared, That no Committees ought to Committees, fit in a Morning after the Time of Day to which the Iloufe is adjourned.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloane, Mr. Gardiner, Sir Kay, Regulating Mr. Bare, Sir Mann. Wired, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Bicker- j'riiuins

staff e, Sir Gilbert Clark, Mr. Guy, Mr. Mr.

England, Mr. 7/V.y, Mr. Elwc/l, Mr. Lm Mr.

Norris, Mr. Aislaby, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Yates, Sir I Cm.

Ashurst, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Mr.

lloare, he added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the Regulating of Printing, and Priiiting-prefics, is committed.

A M ell age from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Taking off this lloule, to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, ot, ll-aUo" to a Bill, intituled, An Act for taking off the Obligation Guinea*, and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain Time therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resumed the Conti- Garbling deration, adjourned, of the Report front the Committee, sPlce‘-to whom the Petition of the West-IndiaMerchants; and several other Petitions, concerning the Garbling of Spices; was referred:

And the Resolution of the said Committee was read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating Abuses relating to Garbling: And that the said Committee do prepare the Bill.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Ways and Day, reported, from the Committee of the w hole House, Means, who were to contider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for

carrying

8 W. III.

6° — 70 Mar til.

at

is

:(!

at

iii

at

<*l'

ey

k

ild

e«

of

he

he

en

i*

a? Pri,

lb y

495

0 C:v: ij h-.

a

Ai

pa-

j

I" ('2

5i:'&

I?.#

Rational

Land-Bank,

kc.

Ryder's

dilute.

carrying on the War against France, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; m.

Re faked. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Fund, redeemable by Parliament, be settled in a national Land-Bank, to be settled by new Subscriptions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person concerned in the Bank of England shall, at the same time, be concerned in the said national Land-Bank; nor any Person to be concerned in the said national Land-Bank shall, at the same time, be concerned i« the Bank of England.

Refaked\ That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Coals and Culm be taken oft' from the Seventeenth Day of May 1696.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Tonage of Ships be taken off, from the 17th Day of May 1696.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the making up the Sum of 1,724,000l. already voted by the lioulc, and the Monies to be made good for the Duties upon Coals, and Culm, and Tonage of Ships, resolved to be taken oft; and for the discharging what the Duties upon Salt are to anftu r, irain the 17th Day of May 1696; the Sum of 2, 564,000l. be raised upon the said perpetual Fund, redeemable by Parliament.

Ordered That all Committees he revived.

Committees;

Mr. Farrtr reported from the Committee, to whom MUJforda the Bill for enabling Trustees to lull the Manors of Fes- ^late# poole, in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of William Mid ford, an Infant, for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the rest of the said Infants Estate; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act J ones', &a for settling the personal Estates of Richard Jones Esquire; Elites* and Mary Gyjf'ord Spin Iter, Minors, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Brother ion, Mr. Elzecll, Mr. Burdet, Sir John holies, Mr. Phillips, Sir Gerv. Ekces, Mr. Nezcport,

Mr. Monstcxens, Mr. White, Sir Robert Cation, Mr. Win-ington, Mr. Yates, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Lorether, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Paget, Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Whitacre, Sir Wm.

Cooper, Sir Edzv. Ernley, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Richard Sand-

The Tint, Second, Third, and Fourth/ Resolutions, ford* Mr. Pod: ling ton, Mr. Mr. Hedger, Mr.

: r 11 1 c' .1. _ TY r IfnmiPH ATr h'nUpr ATr Ttnrhlpu ATV Rtnrtlnpv* ATr

being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the lioulc. The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

Some Amendments were proposed to be made, by leaving out "the," and interring "a," after "Ninetylixand Cc not exceeding/' inlread of " of/'

And the same were, upon the Qucition severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Iloule doth agree with the Committee in the said Rclblution, so amended, That, for the making up the Sum of 1,724,000l. already voted by the House, and the Monies to be made good for the Duties upon Coals, and Culm, and Tonage of Ships, resolved to be taken off; and for the discharging what the Duties upon Salt are to answer, from the 17th Day of May 1696; a Sum, not exceeding 2,564,000l. be raised upon the said perpetual Fund, redeemable by Parliament.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Conyers, Mr. 1'i/cy, Mr. Harley, Sir John holies; or any Three of them; do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Rozeney, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Barkley, Mr. Gardner, Mr.

Price, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Robinson,

Mr. Ba/dzeyn; and all that serve for the Counties of Berks and Wilts: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Mr. Or me have Leave to withdraw his Petition touching the Election for the County of Sussex.

An ingrafted Bill for re-vesting in his Majesty the yeftino, Honour of Tutbury, and Forest of Needzeood, and several Tutbury in Parks, Manors, Lands, Offices, and other Profits, there- the Crown* unto belonging; and for vacating certain Letters Patents therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for re-vesting in his Majesty the Honour of Tut-bury, Forest of Atedzeood, several Manors, Parks, Lands, and Offices, and oilier Profits, thereunto belonging; and for vacating certain Letters Patents therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the lull to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Plantation

Trade.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A1

Sabbati, 7° die;

8" Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

N ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish an Exchange, made between Thomas Ryder Esquire, and Christopher Esquire, of certain Messuages in London, for the Manors of Bilsington, and other Lands, in Kent, of the like Value,

was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brener do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

You XL

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Landholders, and others* Avon of the Parish of Chippenham, and other adjacent Places, Navigation, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are very lenlible many Inconveniencies and Mischiefs will attend them, if the Bill, now before the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Gloucester, navigable, should pass into an Act; for that the same will, by degrees, supply the Markets in the said Counties, from remote Parts, with vast Quantities of Corn, Butter,

Cheese, and other Commodities; so that the Price of the like Commodities, brought to such Markets by. the Petitioners, will be much lessened thereby; which w ill be a Discouragement to Husbandry and tillage; very considerable there; and, consequently, the Rents of Land mult fall: That it will also Jefien the Land-carriage in those Parts; whereby many Carriers, Innkeepers, and others, maintain their Families; and thereby discourage the Breeding of Hoi fes; a great Strength of this Nation;

That, by reason of these, and many other Inconveniencies, the Servants employed in Husbandry, the Carriers, and Innkeepers, who now comfortably fubfilt in their several Employments, will be utterly ruined, and inclinable to take ill Courles, if the said Bill should pass: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass this House, for the licafons aforesaid, amongst many others.

Ordered,

Prohibiting India Silks, CttUicoes,&c

49,6 7" Martli. 1695,.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Master,

Wai dcns, and Afliltants, of the Company of Weavers of Canterbury; and the Petition of the Wardcns and Affitt-ants of the Trade and Company of Worsted-weavers of the City of Norwich, and County of Norfolk', and the Petition of the Say-makers, and Worsted-yarn-makers, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge', was referred; That they had examined and contidered the said several Petitions accordingly; and had directed him to report the Matter, with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w ere read; and are as follow; viz.

That it was alledged by John Carter and others, That he had known the said Trade, at Canterbury, about Sixteen Years past; at which time the Manufacture in Wrought Silks, and Silk and Worsted Stuffs, was but small; the greatest Part of which Goods being then brought in from Holland, France, and; but that, by the Industry of the English Manufacturers, they lb improved their Art, that me Hollander, even before the War, was quite beat out of that Trade; and the French and Italians were much diminished in their Importation of those Goods; l'o that the Manufactory incrcaled {a) [at lealt] Three Parts in Four; and would have yearly increased further, but that, about Six or Seven Years pait there was i'uch prodigious Quantities of Wrought Silks and Brngals imported from I/itlia, that put a great Check to the Petitioners said Trade; and if the Company, and others trading to India, bad continued the yearly Import ;tion of I'uch Goods, as Urey would have done, had they nut met with those Lofl'es of their Ships of late Years, the Petitioners must inevitably have lolt their said Manufacture, so beneficial to this Kingdom; and, inftoad of employing our own Poor, and Consumption of our own Manufactures, we should have destroyed them, and lent out our ready Money to buy foreign Manufactures; to the great Damage of this Kingdom.

Mr. Metcalfe: That the Silk so wrought and manu-faClurcd in England is the Produce of our Woollen Manufacture abroad, by importing large Quantities of Raw Silk for the fame:

That the Manufacture of Wrought Silk here is now brought to that Perfection, that we can cope with any Market in the World, favc that of the w here

they are, and must always he, undersold, by the cheap and inconfulcrable Wages of the Natives there; who yet are forced to w ork by the English Patterns lent them over by the Company:

That the said Manufactory of Silk at Canterbury has so increased there, that it employs, and has depending thereon, at lealt 10,000 Persons;

That b:tides the Persons actually concerned in the aforesaid Manufacture, the very Throwing the Raw Silk imported from Turkey, Spain, and Italy, employs between 20, and 30,000 Persons more.

Upon the Petition of the Worsted-weavers in the City of Noneich, and County of Norfolk:

It was alleged by Mr. Lamand several others, That he has known the said Trade for Thirty Y'ears past; and that it has very much increased lately, by reason of the Discouragement the East India Trade hath met with since the War:

That the Returns from Norwich, being formerly about 8,000l. per Meek, are now got up to at least 14,000l. one Week with another;

That, by a modest Computation, there are at least 100.000 Persons have their Dependence on the said Norwich Manufactory:

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

That, about Fifteen Years ago, the Goods

being much in Use in England, the Petitioners Market^ fell, and their Stocks were much diminrflied; but that, upon such Discouragement of the Trade, their

Manufactory is revived, and has increased above One Third more than before; by reason w hereof, and the Multiplicity of Work, the Wages usually given is increased from 6d- to 10 d.upon the Poor who are employed therein:

That the said Manufactory is become so very coufidei'-able, that it consumes above 200,000 /. Value of Wool yearly; whereby it is risen from 16.V. to 40.?. per Todd; which Price might be very well afforded, if the said Trade be not interrupted by the East India Company's importing those Commodities; the Consequence whereof will lessen the said Trade, discourage the Manufactory, and reduce many Families to their former Poverty, who now maintain themselves chearfully by their Labour:

That it is not the City of Norwich, or the County of Norjalk, that has had the folc Advantage of this Manufacture , but it has Iprcad itlllf into many, and (bme remote, Counties of this Kingdom, where it was never, before lately, let up; and whereby they have felt a sensible Advantage in the F.mployment of their Poor, and preserving them from Want, or becoming, as before, perpetual Burdens to their Parishes; all which must again fink into, and be restrained in, the narrow Compais of an inconfulcrable Manufactory, if the Indian Silks, printed and painted Callieocs, be permitted to be worn in England; that Company being always aide to undersell our Manufactory; and their Consumption is the greater, as their Commodity is the ilightcr, and less fit for a durable Service:

That within these Three Years past, there has been above 2,000 Looms employed in this Manufactory more than before; which, by Computation, spend 3,900 Packs of Wool in their Service yearly: And

That it has and may prove a certain Observation, That the East India Trade has so much Influence over Wool in England, that the Price thereof riles and falls, with the Scarcity or Glut of that Company's said Commodities; and not only the Wool, but the Manufactory thereof; and that not only in England, but in the Markets abroad; whither our Merchants had lent very great Quantities, but, upon the Arrival of the Dutch Fleet to Holland last Year, the 'Markets abroad for our Manufactures fell; and 1110ft of the Goods lie upon the Hands of the Ow ners, and their Correspondents.

Upon the Petition of the Say-makers and Worsted-yarn-makers, in the Counties of Suffolk and Cambridge:

Mr. Grove and others: That there are at least 40,000 Persons concerned in the making their said Manufactures, which heretofore lay under the Discouragement of the East India Trade, in the great Use of their Silks and Callicoes: But that, since the Disappointments of that Company, in the Importation of the vast Quantities of those Sorts of Commodities they used to import, Trade is revived, and Wool risen to 405. a Todd; the Call for their Manufacture, in the room of those from the Indies, being so great, they can i'carce find Hands sufficient to work up their Commodities:

That, from this Encouragement, the poor People take in their Children from the Highways, and their Infant Idlenels; and bring them to the Wool, and the Wheel, whereat One of Five Years of Age will earn 4 a Day, and prove the better Worker by having had so early an Experience thereof:

That the Country are not only sensible of this great Advantage, in the Employment of their Poor, by the great Kale the Parishes lie under, from their perpetual Contributions to which they did belong; but that now the Petitioners, and their Dependents, in the making the said Yarn, and, thereof, the Woollen Manufactures, do use and work up the Growth of every Year's Wool; which here--tofore, when the East India Trade flourished, and they

19 were

Supply Bill Duties on Wine, Sec.

Wye and Lugg Navigation.

Eyme's, &c. Nat.

Habeas

Corpus

Suspeefiou.

8 W. III. 7° Martii. 497

were discouraged, it was not very unusual to a Gentleman to have Six or Seven Years Wool by him; and when he could fell the lame, it was at a very poor Price; and sometimes the Wool, by lying, scarce worth carrying away: So considerable are the Advantages that accidental Disappointments to the Eas Company have given to the Improvement, and Propagation, of lb great and advantageous a Manufacture, not only to the many Thousand Families employed, therein, but consequently, to the Kingdom in general; which if the Trade of that Company, upon their new Establishment, is not restrained from felling their said Silks and Callicoes here, the said Manufacture must dwindle down again, labouring under its first Difficulties of meeting that Company's Commodities in any Markets at home or abroad: So great is the Disproportion of the prime Colts of theirs, and the Manufacture of England, when fit to be exposed to Sale.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following;

Rcfotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Suggestions of their several Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Wearing of the East India and Persia Wrought Silks, Bengals, and dyed, printed, 01 stained, Callicoes, within this Kingdom of Eng, and the Plantations belonging the reunto, is very destructive to the Woollen Manufacture; and tends to the Ruin of many Thousands of Manufacturers, and their Families.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for retraining the Wearing of all Wrought Silks, Bengals, and dyed, painted, or stained Callicoes, imported into this Kingdom of England, and the Plantations belonging

thereunto, of the Product and Manufacture of Persia, and the East Indies.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France, w ithout any Amendments: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for making navigable the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Solomon Eyme, and others.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering his Majestyto apprehend, and detain, such Persons as he shall find Cause to suspect are conspiring against his Royal Person, or Government, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. XI.

An ingrossed Bill for the Increase and Encouragement Encouraging of Seamen was read the Third time. Stamen.

And same small Amendments, of Mistakes, were made at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Major-General Trelmcny have Leave to Leave of go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. MacheU have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Price have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetxcood Royal A (Tent

herd, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleated to give the Royal Afient to the several publick and private Bills following; vis.

An Act for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods, and other Merchandize, imported, for carrying on the War against France:

An Act for impowering his Majesty to apprehend, and detain, such Persons as he shall find Cause to suspect are conspiring against his Royal Person, or Government:

An Act for taking off the Obligation and Encouragement for coining Guineas, for a certain time therein mentioned:

An Act for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt or Damages:

An Act for making navigable the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford:

An Act to enable Trustees to exchange Lands of Sir James Chamberlaine Baronet, an Infant, lying in the common Hill or Field of Salford, in the County of Oxon, for like Quantities of Lands there, in order to the making an Inclosure:

An Act for naturalizing James Stanhope Esquire, and others:

An Act to enable the Parish of James, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, to raise upon themselves lb much Money as will discharge their Debt for building their Parish-Church, Rector's House, Vestry, and other publick Works there:

An Act to ascertain and settle the Payment of the Impropriate Tythes of St. Laurence, Old Jewry, in London, to the Master and Scholars of Baliol College in Oxford; and for confirming an Award made concerning the same:

An Act to enable Trustees to make, and fill up, Leases of the respective Estates of Bluet Wallop Esquire, and John Wallop Gentleman, during their Minorities; and to purchase other Lands, by the Fines thereby to be received, to the same Uses as the Estates so to be leased are already settled:

An Act for naturalizing Solomon Eyme, and others:

An Act for enabling Trustees to fell the Manor of Pes-poole, in the County of Durham, Part of the Estate of William Midford, an Infant, for Payment of Debts, and Incumbrances charged thereon: and for preserving the rest of the said Infant's Estate:

An Act to confirm and establish an Exchange made between Thomas Ryder Esquire, and Christopher Clithero Esquire, of certain Messuages in London, for the Manors

6L of

of Bilsington, and other Lands, in ,of the like Value.

Colchester Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Petition of the Eledhon. Inhabitants of the Borough of touching the

Election for the said Borough, do come on before the Committee of Privileges, and Elections, the Day it would have been heard, in case other Petitions had not been withdrawn.

Morpeth, Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of

Elections Privileges and Elections, touching the Elections for the li ious. Borough of Morpeth, and the Town of Bej'zcick upon Tiveed, be made upon Mondap Morning next.

State of the Nation — African Trade.

Colonel Granville reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the State of the Nation, in relation to Trade; and particularly, the African Trade; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa be settled, and regulated, by Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Trade to Africa be carried on by a joint Stock, exclusive of all others.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for the better Supply of the Plantations with Negroes, all the Subjects of this Realm have Liberty to trade to Africa for Negroes only, within such Limits as shall be prescribed by Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said joint Stock, for carrying on the Trade to Africa, shall not exceed 200,000 /. to be raised by new Subscriptions; regard being had to the real Value of the Stock of the present Royal African Company.

The said several Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quel'tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Conyers, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

llawkers and l'edlars.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for lupprcffing Haw kers and Pedlars was committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

before the House for veiling part of the Estate of Joseph Davison Esquire in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts; and for Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters: That the said Mr. Dawson, as Executor to his Father, is indebted to the Petitioner above 800l. and endeavours to evade the Payment thereof; and, for that Purpose, is procuring the said Bill to pass into a Law: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, unless it subjects the said Estate to the Payment of the Petitioner's said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom Jones'&c. the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, an Act for dilates, settling the personal Estates of Richard Jones Esquire, and Mary GyjfordSpinster, Minors, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill for the Eroding of Hospitals and Work-houses Briiloll within the City of Bristol/, for the better employing and Hospitals, maintaining the Poor thereof, was read a Second time. &c‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley,

Lord Ilule, Sir John Bo/les, Mr. Yates, Doctor

Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Blojcild, Mr. BMr. Moyle, Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Bardet, Mr. PocldingiMr. Mr. Bakkryn, Sir Robert Davers. Sir John Kay, Mr.

II filial,'er, Mr. Coll, Sir lien.Colt, Mr. , Sir Edw.

Aiscough, Mr. Monson, Mr. Phi!lMr. Farrer, Sir

Tho. Dyke, Mr. Ercwen, Mr. Osborne, Air.

Mr. Foley, Mr. IJoare, Sir Ri.Onslow, Sir Day,

Mr. Laxether, Colonel Perry, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Palmes, Sir Hen. Goff \ and all that lerve for the Counties of Gloucester and SomerseAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to p.arl of whom the Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Great Torrington* Seal of England, to Arthur Earl of by King f'nmt ;n

William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Level"*

Part of the great Level of the Pens, called Beiljbrd Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Mcfne Profits; was committed; be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-House Duty, felved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting several Rates, or Duties, upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon W Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday . Morning, Nine a Clock.

Fume, 9* die;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Dawson'. A PETITION of William of in

Eftsue. jTv tire County of Devon, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now 24

A Bill for Repeal of an Act made in the 39th Year of Wilton the Ilcign of Queen Elizabeth; and for taking oft' the Duty Bridge, oft'Pontage, payable at II it ton Bridge, near Rosse, in the County of Hereford; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tho.

Foley, Sir John Bodes, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Mr.

Burilet, Mr. Bittake, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Nicholas, Sir

Keimish, Mr. Whitaker, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Sir

John Kay, Mr. England, Sir Edw.Aiscough, Mr. Monson,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Erehe, Mr. 77 iornhAir. Thompson,

Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Bo. Davers, Mr. Ph. Foley, Mr. Norres, Mr. Johnson, Sir Ro. Cotton, Sir Herbert Crof ts,

Air. Pocklington, Mr. Bahluyn, Mr. Osborne, Colonel Perry, Mr. Bcnn/cr and all that lerve for the County of Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Clothiers of K in the County of Preventing Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; letting Exportot forth, That the Petitioners have employed many Hundreds Wool, of Families in making of Frizes, and other Woollen Alanu-factures; most of which have constantly been exported, and fold beyond Sea; and the Petitioners sufficiently supplied with English Wool, till, of late, that feme loreign Merchanis having privately bought up, and exported our Wool, the same Sort of Goods are made therewith

beyond

lib,

8 W III.

beyond the Seas; which will, if not speedily prevented, destroy the foreign Trade of our Woollen Manufactures, and utterly ruin the Petitioners, whole lole Livelihood depends thereon: And praying, That the House will take some speedy and effectual Care to prevent the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the preventing the Exportation of Wool is committed.

499

mitted; and, if it pals into an Act, will be a great Benefit to most Parts of the said Three Countries; and may be a means to breed up Watermen for his Majesty's Service: and praying, That no Obstructions may hinder the said Bill from passing; for that it cannot prejudice any Person; but it is for a general Good to the Subject.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

9° Martii.

'on A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen,

iviga ion, anc| Jnhabjk, of War, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, That a Bill for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somersett, navigable, hath been read the First time: That the Petitioners are very sensible the said Navigation will not only be a great Advantage to them, but also a Promotion of Trade in general: And praying, That the said Bill may pals without any Obstruction.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Merchants, Gentlemen, and Avon Tradesmen, of the City of Bristoll, was presented to the Navigation. House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable;

which, if passed into an Act, will not only be very advantageous to the Trade of Bristoll, but to Trade in general; and may be a Means to breed up Watermen, who may be lerviceable to the Nation: And praying, That the said Bill may pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Dtto.

Ditto.

Lit to.

Ditto.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Chippenham,

Caine, and Devises, in the County of Wilts, and other adjacent Places in the said County, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the Bill now depending in the House, for making the River in the

Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somersett, navigable, will be a great Benefit to the Petitioners, and all the adjacent Places to the said several Counties: And praying the Removing of all Obstructions against passing the said Bill; it being a great Promotion to Trade in general.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Tow ns of Trowbridge,

and other adjacent Places, in the County of Hilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now before the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable; which, if it should pals, will be a great Benefit to all the adjacent Places to the said Counties, and probably a Promotion to Trade in general: And praying, That all Obstructions, which tend to hinder the passing of the said Bill may be removed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Towns of Frome and Norton, and other adjacent Places in the County oiSomerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making Rivers navigable is a great Advantage to Trade in general: That there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wills, Gloucester, anti Somerset, navigable; which Navigation will be a great Advantage to the Petitioners: And praying, That nothing may hinder the said Bill from passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Tradesmen, of the County of Gloucester, near Bath, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making Rivers navigable is found by Experience to be advantageous to Trade in general: That a Bill is now depending in the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable; which is com-Vol. XI.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Landholders, in Ditto, the County of Somerset, near Bath, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable; which Bill, if it should pals as the same now is, will be a great Prejudice and Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard, to offer their Objections against the Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for papifl3 preventing Papists from dilinheriting their Protestant Protestant Heirs: And that Sir John Bol/es do prepare and bring Heirs, in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the King, his Heirs and Alienating Successors, to grant Licence of Alienation of Lands in Lands m Mortmain, was read the Third time. Mortmain.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made therein,

L. # by inlerting " Thirty:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the King, his Heirs and Successors, to grant Licence of Alienation of Lands in Mortmain.

Ordered, That Doctor Oxenden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Ease of Jurors, and the better Ease of Regulating of Juries, was read the Third time. Juror*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Ease of Jurors, and better Regulating of Juries.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitalccr do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Oaths of tituled, An Act for altering Part of an Act, made in the Supremacy. Third Year of his present Majesty and the late Queen, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Allegiance and Supremacy in Ireland-, and appointing other Oaths; be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Whitaker reported from the Committee, to whom Bamfeild'* the Bill to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to Ertate. make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Bamfeild, during his Minority; and for laying out the Monies raised thereby, in Purchases, to be settled to the fameUfes; was committed; That they had examined

Leave of Absence.

King's Speech to coiifidered.

Morpeth

£le&ion.

examined and considered the same and the several Petitions referred to the said Committee; and that Mr. Antics Bamfeild did not consent to the said Bill: Which Matter, together with some Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, the Committee bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterward* delivered them in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendments were once read; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}»-

Te.tefcheNoes.^;

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, take into further Consideration his Majesty's gracious Speech at the Opening of this Parliament.

Colonel Granville reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read: and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Hcttry Lundy Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the Borough of Morpeth, in the County of Northumberland

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Elefilion.

That, as the Poll was taken, there was.

For Mr. Nicholas -90. For Sir Hen. Bel/asis - - - 51.

For Mr. Lumley -39.

That, at this Town, it was agreed, There had not been any controverted Election before.

That, Mr. Nicholas was agreed to be duly Elected: So that the Question was only between the Petitioner and Sir Henry Ballasys; and That depended entirely upon determining the Right of Election.

That the Petitioner infilled, That the Freemen of the several Crafts of the Borough, being in Number Seven, had an equal Right to vote with the free Burgesses.

That, on the contrary, for the Sitting Member, it was infilled. That the Right was in the Bailiffs and Free-Burgesses only.

That, to prove the Right in the free Brothers (so they call the Freemen of the several Crafts);

They produced a Copy of an Oath taken by the Fullers and Dyers, one of the Seven Crafts; whereby, they swear to be true and faithful to the Town and Borough:

And also, a Copy of ancient Articles, made between the Lord Dacre, Lord of the Manor, and the Burgesses and Commonalty of the Town; whereby, the Seven Crafts are instituted, and many Orders for their Regulation are provided; and particularly, That every Apprentice serving the Space of Seven Years within the said Town, should give, or pay, to the common Hutch, for his said Freedom, lid.:

By which the Counsel for the Petitioner would infer, That the said free Brothers were Freemen of the Town.

But it appeared to the Committee, That there was a plain Difference , in several respects; The free Burgesses had each of them Two Stints in the Common, more than the free Brothers; and that the free Brothers did not choose either Bailiffs or Constables; nor were ever summoned to choose Parliament-men; only, at Elections,

they have appeared, and shoutsed with the free Burgesses at such Elections.

That, on the other Side, to prove the Right in the free Burgesses;

They produced several Returns of Members to serve in Parliament:

And a Return, i* Marias, wa* read; which fays, The Bailiffs and Burgesses elected.

And it was agreed. That the Returns had been in the said Form to this time:

And called Witnesses; viz.

Edward Thompson: Who said, He had known Morpeth Threescore Years:

Robert Story said, He had known Forty-five

Years:

JVm. Tate said, He had known Morpeth Forty Years: And all Three said, That the free Brothers never voted at any Election of Parliament-men; nor have claimed any such Vote.

That it was also proved, That the free Burgesses took an Oath to the Lord of the Manor, which the free Brothers did not; That they, being elected Freemen, and free Burgesses, within the Borough, should be true and faithful to the (a) [Ix>rd of the] fame; and maintain and defend all the Orders, Privileges, and Customs, belonging to the Town and Corporation.

That the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Morpeth, in tire County of Northumberland, is only in the Bailiffs, and free Burgesses, of the said Borough.

Rejblvtd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Henry Bellasysse is duly elected a Burgess to serve

in this present Parliament for the said Borough of

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Colonel Granville also reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Refeiution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is followeth;

Upon the Petition of Sir Francis Blake, complaining of ah undue Election of Mr. Ogle, for the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed.

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Mr. Ogle - 10G.

For Sir Fra. Blake - 103.

That the Right of Election is in the Freemen of Berwick.

The Petitioner objected to Four; viz. William Nelson, Henry Richardson, Robert Watson, and Joseph Bunton; who voted for Mr. Ogle; That they were made free after the Teste of the Writ:

That the Writ was tested the 12th of October; and they were made free the 18th of October:

But that it appeared to the Committee, That, by the Custom of the Borough of Berwick, There are four Quarter Guilds; and they are commonly adjourned for a Fortnight: And that there was a Quarter Guild the 4th of October, and adjourned to the 18th of October; at which time these Four were made free:

It appeared also, That they had a Right for many Years to demand their Freedom; and One had had a Right for many Years, being the eldest Son of a Freeman, and Forty Years of Age:

It was admitted. That these were excepted to at the time of the Poll.

That, to prove these Four, so made free, ought not to be allowed to the Sitting Member;

The

( a) Supplied from the original Report.

Berwick upon Twee4 Election.

8W. Ill

90 — to0

ITi

wi

The Petitioner produced.Two, Report* from the Committee of Privileges and Elections; One of the 28 Wm. 1* Gulielmi et of the Election of Clifton' Dartmauth-Hardnesse wherein Mr. Booth was the Sitting, Member; and Mr. Herne the Petitioner; and that 25 Freemen, that voted for Mr. not being duly and

legally made free, were not allowed to Mr. Booth, as good Votes: And. thereupon it. was resolved* That Mr. Booth was not duly elected:

That the other was a Report of an Election for the City, of York, between Mr. Edward Thompson and Mr.;

Thompson-, whereby it appeared, That 22 that voted for! Mr. Edward Thompson, w ere, objected to, because they were

made free after the Teste of the Writ .\It was allb proved* That Mr. Foster, Mr. Watson, Mr, Moor, and another Person, had Right to demand their Freedoms, and would tare taken their Freedoms, and voted for Sir , Blake; but Mr. Foster gave it as his Opinion, That it would doj Sir Fra. Blake no Kindness, to have them made free after the Teste of the Writ.

That, on the other Side, to prove. That they ought to be allowed as good Votes, having Right to demand-their Freedom, was produced a Copy of a Report of an Election for the City of Chester, 2d December 1691, between Sir Tho. Grosvenor and Mr. Feeing, Sitting Mein-: bers; and Mr. Whitley and Mr. Mainwaring, Petitioners; by which it seemed to be allowed, to the Sitting Members, That such as were made free, after the Teste of the Writ, being qualified, to demand thpir Freedoms, had a Right to vote:

And a Copy of another Report of an Election for the Borough of Ludlow, 8* Dec. 3* Gukcl' et Maria, between Mr. Hanmore and Mr. Gower:. Petitioners; and Colonel Titus and Mr. Lloyd Sitting Members; by which it seemed, That the Committee and House were of the same Opinion.

That the Petitioner also excepted to Three others of Mr. Ogle's Voters; Mr. Luke Ogle, Mr. Ralph Gray, and die Lord Pollard; for that though they had a Ticket given them to be Freemen, yet they had not been sworn:.

But it appeared, That they had all been entered in the Roll of Freemen, and were always called over with Freemen at Elections; and all in the Roll were taken tp have a Right to vote.

That the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That h is the Opinion of this Committee, That Samuel Ogle Esquire it duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed onto by the House.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

Sawyer^ The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en-Biirte. able Trustees to fell a Messuage, Garden, and Outhouses, in Lincolns-Inn-Fields, late of Sir Robert Sawyer Knight, deceased; and for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses: And allb,

Wagftaff*', A Bill, intituled, An Act to enableSir

Knight to raise and secure a Portion for Frances, his only Daughter, and Heir-apparent:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

501.

Gentleman,: That, in order to recover the Possession again, the Petitioner, in the Name of Geo. Higgins Gentleman, served Mr. Price with a Declaration in Eje&menty to which he appeared, and pleaded to Ilfoe-; but the Petitioner. cannot prevail with any Attorney to make out the Record, in regard Hugh Flamy Esquire, a Member of

this HOufe, doth protest the said Peter Price, although he is not a menial Servant of Mr. Nattnye's: And praying such Redress in the Premises, as shall be agreeable to Justice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Apd that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions do not proceed to the hearing any Cause, relating Privileges, to Elections, during this Session, after Wednesday come Seyennight.

Ordered, That no mqre private Bills, but what are now, Private Bills depending, be received during this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon every Monday, Supply. Wednesday, and Friday, proceed in the Consideration of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Bill for settling and regulating the East India Trade English East was, according to Order, read a Second time. dia

Resolved, That the Bill; be committed to a Committee ompany* . of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* tp eonfider of the said Bill.

Ch'dered, That the East India Company do, upon East India Wednesday Morning next, lay before this House an Ac- ^)t^and count, signed, of the real Value of their Stock; and also an Account of their Debts.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, relblved plantation itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Trade, of the Bill for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chadwick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chadwick reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him so report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made To-morrovr Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 10* die Martii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Privilege. Mr. Numy, according to Order, appearing in his Place;

The Petition of Edward Lord Bishop of St. Asaph, formerly prerented to the House, was read; letting forth, That Robert Wynn, Be6tor of in the County of Merioneth, Clerk to the Petitioner, was, in June 1695, outed of his Possession of the said Rectory by Peter Price Vo 1* XI.

MR. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom Stretton, &c.

the Bill lor making the Towns of Stretton and Parifl,e8* Prince-Thorpe, in the County of Warwick, a separate Parish from Woolston, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act WagfaffV to enable Sir Thomas WagstaffKnight to raise and secure Etta* -'

6M a Portion

502

xo° Marta.

A- 1695.

Elections.

Sawyers

Estate.

a Portion for Frances* his only Daughter, and Heir-appa- of the Earl of Rock fort, with some Ametidments. To ent, was read the First time. ^\ch they define the Concurrence of this House: Also,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. That have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for " &ulat,nS

further regulating Elections of Members to serve .111 An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Parliament, without any Amendments

to enable Trustees to fell a Messuage, Garden, and Out-house, in Lincolns's-lm-Fields, late of Sir Robert Sawyer

Knight, deceased; and for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

: Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to explain the Act for regulating und licensing Hackney Coachmen.

And the Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

the Pra6tifers

Regulating

Hackney

Coachmen.

Ordered, That the Bill for requiring tltlwLrw'vw t*ie Law to take the Oaths to his Majesty be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Waller, according to Order, reported from the Quaker* Committee, to whom the Bill, That the solemn Affirma* Affirmation, tion, or Denial, of the People called Quakers, may be accepted instead of an Oath, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he-read in his Place; and afterwards dleivered in at the Clerk's. Table; where the same were once read; and then, a Second time, ohe by one; and several of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

‘ Clause C, That no Quaker shall have the Benefit of the Act, who shall not produce a Certificate, signed by Six or more substantial Perl'ons of the Congregation to

O O

Bi:

U

Garbling

Spices.

which he or she doth belong, That such Person is One Sir Samuel Barnardiston, according to Order, presented Of their Congregation, being read a Second time; to the Iioule a Bill for regulating Abuses relating to And the Question being put, That the House do agree

Eapifts

Protestant

Heir*.

Supply Bill; Duty on

French

Goods.

Expiring

Laws.

Puni thing Mutiny and Desertion.

Railing

Militia.

garbling Spices, Drugs, and other Merchandizes.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Bolles, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for preventing Papists from disinheriting their Proteltanl Heirs.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandize was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Iioule.

A Petition of John Lofting, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read ».

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bethell, Mr. Stockdale, Sir

St. Quintin, Mr. Thomhagh, Six Robert Cotton, Mr. Pres-

ton, Mr. J\lawdit, Sir IVm. Bowes, Mr. Burdet, Sir Hot hum, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Osborne, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to inspect what Laws are near expiring, and fit to ... confirmed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing falle Musters; and Payment of Quarters; and also the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1696, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid; was committed; be made Tomorrow Morning.

with the Committee in the said Amendment; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

107.

Tellers for the Noes,-

| in,

TMr.

'\Mr. Hoare:

So it passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,fJ*r* CJfrke\

' [ Mr. Hecemngham:

Telle, for, he Noes So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

1/1 Tui ftc,

} 155

T

J

141*

Sir Henry Hobart, according to Order, presented to the Prohibiting House a Bill for retraining the Wearing of all Wrought J.nd,!a Sllki>' Silks, Bengals, and dyed, printed, or stained, Callicoes, 8 c°e>' c* imported into the Kingdom of England, and the Plantations belonging the reunto, of the Product and Manu-fa6ture of Persia, and the East Indies.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Coolie and

Mr. Meredeth; ,

Mr. Speaker,

OreaiQueen- T'‘c Lo]'ds »" l»«M ‘ Bill, intituled, An Act for ,hd , through lhe BiH. and tn.de fe.er.1 Amend->trect Litate. the better Improvement of a House and Ground m Great \ ?. , P , A

S,urn stmt! To which the deftre the Concurrence of ""** had dtreaed htm to report, wheo the

House: Alio;

Ordered, That Sir James Rushout have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouraging of Persons to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coi.ned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Smith reported from the said Committee, That

Leavt of Abfeacfe

Gre;

Hu

Dr

k

Bringing Plate to be coiaed.

Ht

h

Bigg'sEstate,

Lord-Tunbridge*, Nat.

this

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands of Thomas Bigg, and his Wife, in Chislet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their Children, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to na-. turalize William Viscount Tunbridge, and other Children

jS

House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday

Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

.1

Ir.di

i^j

ft

8 W.III.

11* Martii.

5°3

Jones', Ac. fcfiates*

Bigg's

A Petition of the Gentlemeu,. Yeomen, Farmers, Land* Avon holders, and other Inhabitants, in and about Navigation

St.Peters, Biddeston St. Nicholas, Cor sham, Bo.r, terford, and Colerne, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting fort!), That there

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act is a Bill now depending in the House, for making the for settling the personal, Estates of Richard Jones River Avon, in the Counties and

Esquire, and Mary Gy ford Sjpiufter, Minors, ip '|Yuffees, Somerset, navigable; which will be very prejudicial to the for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Petitioners, and Multitudes of Families, In, near, and time. ' ‘ remote from, the said Places; and wall be a much greater Resolved, That the Bill dp pals. ", publick Evil than Good; which they doubt not to make

Ordered, That Mt.Parrel do carry the Bill to the Lords, appear t And praying, That they may be heard, to offer

and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed, to the their Reasons against Palling of the said Bill, if the.Houib fame, without any Amendments. ‘ shall think it requisite.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the be referred to the Committee, to whom, the said Bill is Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, committed.

An Act for vesting certain Lands of Thomas Bigg, and

his Wife, in Chiskt, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, Yeomen, Far- Ditto,

for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their mers, Land-holders, and other Inhabitants, in and about Children: . Bradfor

Avid the same were twice read; and, upon the Question ford, arid in the Counties oilVUts and Somerset,

severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That are as follow; viz. 1 the making the River Avon navigable, from to

4.Press, 27 L; after " whatsoever," add Clause J^; Bath and Alalmesbury, will be a very great Damage to That the Act shall not extend to prejudice any Demand, the Petitioners; and a greater publick Evil than Good: or Right, which Lewis Lord Rockingham, or any'claim- And praying, That the intended Bill, for making the ing under him, hath to any the Premises, by Virtue of a River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Statute, dated the 21 July 1680,entered into bytheiaid Somerset, navigable, may not pals the House; but that Thomas Bigg to the said Lord Rockingham, for 600l.; the Petitioners may be heard against the fame, if the but that the Premises shall remain liable thereunto, as House think fit.

if the Act had not been made. ! Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Ordered, That Sir John Bo/les do carry the Bill to the be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed committed, to the said Amendments. '

Mercurii, 11* Mprtii; 8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Lord The House allb proceeded to take into Consideration

Tunbridge's the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, inti-ftc, Nau tuled, An Act to naturalize William Viscount Tunbridge, and other Children of the Earl of llochfort:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

In the Title after " insert " comfnonly

" called;' and for u llochfoinfert " Rochjurd.' Press t. L. 4. after " Zu lest an," Insert "commonly " called." _ '

Ordered, That Sir Rowland G:ryn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Land holders, Ditto, in the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Gloucester, near Bath, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the fliver Avon, in the Counties of Wills, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable, will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners; and not f'erviceable to the Publick, as is pretended: and praying. That they may be heard, by Counsel, to offer their Reasons against Palling of the said Bill, if the House shall think it requisite.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. ‘ '

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Great Queen- An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act trect Estate. for the bettter Improvement of a House and Ground in Great Queen-street, was read the First time.. '

llefolved. That the Bill be read a Second time.

D»*son'i

Estate.

Heron's

Estate.

Ordered, That Mr. Romney, Mr. Gardiner, Mr. Gay, ~Slr.Thompson, Woodhouse, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Bro-therton, be added to the Committee, to whom the ih-grossed Bill, from the Lords, for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Dawson Esquire in Trustees, for Payment i of Debts, and for a Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters, is committed.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Heron Baronet to fell Lands, for Payment of.a Portion, and Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and made fume Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 22. L. 5. after "Years," insert "or Day of . " Marriage, which of them shall first happen; and after " Time," add "or Times."

Vo 1. XI.

The Lord Cornbun/, according to Order, reported from Hawkers

the Committee, to whom the Bill for Suppression of and Pedlars. Hawkers and Pedlars was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clek's Table: Where the same were once read; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with feme Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for making void all Subl'criptions, or Contrafts, that had been made for carrying on the said Bill.

And the same w as tw ice read , and, upon the Question. . , put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Re/olral, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into what Subl'criptions, or Contrafts, have been made for or against the Bill for Suppression of Hawkers and Pedlars, of any other Bills; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edzv Seymour, Mr. England,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Whitaci'C, Mr. Brewer,

Mr.

5<H

II

Marin.

Leave of Absence.

Maidwell

Redlory.

Mr. Boyle, iVlTi'i Gardiner, Mr. Sit. ' JCfcr^, Mr.

Co/r, Sir Marni. JVtveU, Mr. E Sir <Sa.

Sir Roa>. Gzcyn, Mr. Forlescue, Mr. Outlaw', Sir Hen'. Hobart, Mr. Lowther, Sir Tho. Lord Cavendish'

Mr. How, SirAfew. Colt, Mr. SSir IFMlHdnlfitabo,

Mr. Henley, Mr. jttoleszcorth, Sir John Bollts, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Mr. Brolherton, Sir Gods- Copley: And they atfe to meet this Afternoon at five.of the Clock, in thd Speaker's Chamber: Anti have Power to fend fdf Persons and Papers.

Ordered, That Mr. Pepys hate Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions*

A Mdffa^e from the Lords* by Sir and

Mir. Meredeth:

Mr. S;>eaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling divers Lands and Rents-chargd on the Rector Of the Churfch of Maidwell, in the County of Norlhdmpiotii and his Successors; and, iii lied thereof, for settling other Lands, and discharging Tythes belonging to the said Church; according to several Agreements between the Patron and the said Rector, niade upon the inclOfing Of Lands iii Maidwell; and afterwards* with Consent of the

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till the said Bill is read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved*That the said Petition be rejected.'

1W House, according tb the Order of the Day, prd» King'* ceeded to take into Coiifidferation his Majesty's gracious Speech Speech at the Opening of this Parliament: considerei

And the same was read.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Civil List, to his, Majesty for defraying the Expbrtces of the Civil Lifti for the Year 1696;

An Addition was proposed to be rtiftde of, " and for " Relief of the poor French Protestants

And the Question being put, That those Wbftfa* be added to the Motion;

The House divided.

Hie Yeas go forth.

ToUers forth. Yea, }»

TcUta for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

86*

Sitting of Parliament on Demite of tht Crowiu

Ditto.

Ordlhhty, confirmed by several Decrees in the Court of Resolved, That this House will, upon Mdrfiing

Chancery; without any Amendments: bext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

And have also agreed to the Bill* intituled, An Act for *° corifider of that Motion, ftfe Chhtinuing, Meeting, and Sitting, of a Parliament,

iii care of the Ifeath, or Demise, of his Majesty, his Heirs* The House being informed* That several of the East- F.aft India or Successors, with some Amendments: To which they Company, with Mr. Beyer their Accountant at- Stock and

5 . a.L. '___ . _ /? . f 'i IT j /*_ f PT1Q PPAr/ Imrf f A II'I tit on Anoonnf nf iKnii. DtDtl*

desire the Concurrence of this Hdufe.

And then the MeflbngCre withdrew*

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments tirade to the said Bill:

And the famte were twice read; and, upon the Ques-tton severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; And are as follow; viz.

in the Title* L. 4. foV "or," read " and."

1 Skin, L.7. after " preserve," add "or by the Death " of any of his Heirs and Successors."

L. 17. for "or," read " and." L. 23. for " or," read " and."

L. 25.

Add " and no " foOner," add

after "Six Months," longerand after " prorogued or."

L. 32. after " Crown," add "and if the said " Parliament shall be lb prorogued, then " it shall meet and fit on, and upon, the " Day unto which it shall be prorogued, and continue foT the Residufc f the " isaid Tithe of Six Months, unless fbonbr " prorogued, or diffolted* as aforesaid." L. 36. for " of," read " and "

Ord&ed, That Mr. Smith do entry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this HoUfe hath' agreed to schfe said Amendments.

tended, according to Order, with an Account of their Stock, and Debts;

They were called in: And Mr. Beyer prefanted the said Account to the House.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the East India Company do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Coningsby, according to Order reported, Punifting

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Mutiny and Bill for continuing several former Acts for punishing t)eferuon* Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty s Service j and for punishing false Musters; and Payment of Quarters; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A ClaUfe was offered, tb be added to the Bill a '

And the same was twice head; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, Agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Highway

Laws.

Another Clause wa9 offered, to be added to the Bill, . j a. That if no Prosecution be made upon the Bonds given by

Ordered, That the Report from the Chrntaittee, tb Agents for anfWrfrig the Monies by 'them teceiveu, withfti

whom the Petitions of the Waggohert and Carriers Arete referred, be made upon Saturday Morning next

Ind^'s'^k8 A Petition of the several Merchants and tirfendrApeft, Callkoesjk'c.' trading in the Goods imported from the Etist-IndleS, fold Persia* in behalf of themselves, arid others, Aras ptefehted to the House, and read; letting forth, That thte Bill . ntow depending in the House, for restraining thb Wbaring of all Wrought Silks, Bengals, arid dyed, printed, or

Tlrree Years after their Agency, such Bonds shall be void:

And the same was twice read; And, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by tire House, to be made Part of the Bill.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

_ _ The Lord Coningsby tftfo reported, from the said Com- Rajfm*

stained Callicoes, imported into the Kingdom of England, notice of the whole House, to whom the Bill for railing Militia, and |he Plantations belonging the reunto, of the Product the Militia for the Year 1696, although the Month's And Manufacture of Persia, arid 'the East Indies, Ain not pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, only be. very prejudicial to the Petitioners, if itfhould pafa the Amendments to the said Bill; which he read in hrio.w Law, buCalfo to his Majesty in his ‘CultOnlS, Arid his Place; Arid afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's to the East India Company of this Kingdom: And pray- Table: Where tire same werfe once read; and then a . ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration; Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe* and that tire Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, verally prit thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

.therein. _ ,

A Dlause

8 W. III.

11° — 12* Martii.

505

vinn

'M

-ivj Ll

Supply Bill; House Duty.

F^: ]

s!'XII

Debt*.

Sawyer's

Estate.

WagstaflVs

Estate*

Stretton,

Parishe*,

p

Hawkers and Pedlars.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That where any Papist, or other Person, is liable to find a Horle-man or Foot-Soldier, the Lieutenant of the County may appoint a fit Person for that Purpose; and charge the Estate, so liable, with 8/. for a Horle-man

and Arms, and 30 s.per Ann. for a Foot-Soldier and-Arms:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting several Duties upoivHouses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money, was committed, be made upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Juris, 12* die Martii;

S* Gulielmi Tertii.

PltAYERS.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell a Messuage, Garden, and Out-house, in Lincoln s-Inn-Fields, late of Sir Robert SazrycrKnight, deceased; and for purchufing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. New-port, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Geiy, Mr. Sir

Davors, Mr. Campion, Mr. GSir Mr. Monson, Mr. Lordlier, Sir /f in Mr. Taylor, Mr.

Bagnold, Mr. Foley, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Mr. England, Sir John Kay, Mr. Liddall, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mr. Whi-

taker, Mr. Bromley, Sir 77to.Roberts, Mi-. Clarke, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gantlet, Mr. MonstSir Tho. Littleton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Wagstaffe Knight to raise and fccui e a Portion for Frances, his only Daughter, and Heir apparent, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bromley,

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. PocklingMr. Mr.

Gay, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Baldzcyn, Mr. Taylor, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Chadwick, Lord Digby, Mr. Frewen, Sir Hen. Mr. Monste-

fens, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Newport, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Campion, Mr. Burdet, Mr. , Sir

Tho. Roberts, Mr. Foley, Sir Gilbert Clarke, Mr. Parker,

Sir William Ellis, Sir IVm.York, Mr. ;and all that

serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Hawkers and Pedlars; which Bill seems to design the Clearing of all Cities, Boroughs, and Market-Towns, of such vagrant People, who invade the Property of Freemen, and settled Traders' to their very great Damage in their several Trades: That the Petitioners are Scotland Lot-men, and Freemen of the Cities of London and ?ninster; and arc incorporated into a select Company of above 500 Persons; and hope to have the intended Benefit of the said Bill, as well as their Fellow-Citizens j but that, in the said Bill, a Liberty is given to carry about, for Sale, Provisions; which Allowance, if not rclirained, will be a great Detriment, if not the Ruin of the Petitioners; and will establish Haw kers and Pedlars amongst them: And praying. That there may be Provision made in the said Bill, against the Carrying about Belli Provisions, for Cry or Sale, in or about the Cities of London or I Westminster, and within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given, upon the Third Reading of the said Bill, to bring in a Clause, according to the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,(^r

' [Mr Barnardiston:

Tellers for the Noes, fS

[Mr. Arnold:

So it passed in the Negative.

1

J

29-

Mr. Serjeant Cozcard reported from the Committee, to Sami'* whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Moiety of the Manor of in the County of Somerset, and a divided Moiety of the Manor of H ells, in the said County, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of a Mortgage charged thereon; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wife of William Sarnies Esquire, and her Children; wras committed; That they had examined and considered the same j and the several Petitions referred to the said Committee; and bad made lbme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

Prels j. L. 17, alter " of," insert " the Manors of."

Prels 4. L. 32, after " Wells,"insert "Gent." Prels 7. L. 13, after " Bridges," insert " and Richard " Llealy";and leave out " his," and insert " their."

An ingossed Bill for making the Towns of Stretton and Prince-Thorpe a separate Parish in the County of Warwick, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making the Towns of Stretton and Prince-Thorpe a separate Parish from in the County of

Warwick.

Mr. Chadwick reported from the Committee of the whole Plantation House, to w hom the Bill for preventing Frauds, and regu- 'i ra<ie-lating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the lame, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And another Amendment made to the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for naturalizing his Majesty's Subjects in Office:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for Merchants to transport Servants:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the with Blanks, That all Ships, trading to the Plantations, shall give Security of Persons, of known residence

and Ability, by Bond, to discharge such Ships Lading in England, Wales, or Tow n of Berwick, or some other English Plantation, within Eighteen Months after the Bond given, and produce a Certificate of such Discharge; otherwise such Bonds to be in Force:

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Poulterers, London, on behalf of thern-selves, and others of their Company and Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in the House, for suppressing Yol. XL

6 N

And

506 12 ° Martii.' - A. 1695.

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the East India Trade is committed.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Fairer have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Quakers Ordered, That the ingossed Bill, That the solemn Af-Affirmation. firmation, or Denial, of the People called Quakers, may be accepted instead of an Oath, be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Robert have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Prohibiting A Bill for restraining the Wearing of all Wrought Silks, India Silks, ]}engaiSj and dyed, printed, or stained Callicoes, imported icoes, c. jntQ Kingdom of England, and the Plantations belonging the reunto, of the Product and Manufacture of and the East Indies, was read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Earl of Tor-That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Great Seal of England, Bedford" to Arthur Earl of Torrington, by King William and Queen Level. Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Mesne Profits; was committed; be now made;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next.

The Account, presented to the House Yesterday by the East India

East India Company, was read; and is as followeth; Stock and

Debts,

The

£ &'

O

10

C

The East India Company are - - - - Delators.

I'or the Debt owing at Surat, with all Interest due to the l Gill January 1 694,'! as by Advices lately received thence - - - - J

To Money, in England, owing on their Seal, at Interest, the 20th February 1695.

To Money due for Interest since the 30th of September last -

To Money due for Custom -

To Money due for Freight and Demurrage, not yet adj ulted -

257,002 10 —

817,127 3 ,

24,000 ——

7,522 15 5 5,269 ——

To Balance

To Money demanded of the Company, by sundry Persons, in Controverly

£ 1,110,981 9 —

- 1,225,502 1

£ 2,336,483 10 1

The East India Company are

Creditors.

£' d.

2,531 5 —

8,212 10 ___.

13,440 — __

25,000 -

Ry Lead, 9,000 Maunds, remaining at Surat, as by Advices lately received thence By Money owing by the Great Mogul, besides Interest, as by Advices lately!

received thence - - - J

By Cloth fold out of the Modena in Persia, as by Advices lately received thence, the Effects whereof not yet returned ----- - J

By good Debts and Remains at Surat, and on the Coast of Malabar, and in Persia, viz.

At Broach, as by Surat Books E. E. Rupees - - 20,168: 6

Carrxcarr, as by their Books F. F. Pag*. - 23,406 93,624

Callicutt ditto - - X. Fanhams 256,858 '73,388

Bombay ditto - - R. Zeraphims 256,463 192,347

Gombrooneditto F. F. ScG.G.Shahees 1,323,080 196,012

Rupees 575,539 = 6's Sterling 64,748 By good Debts and Remains at Fort St. George, and subordiiiate Factories;

the 21 February 1695.

I afiert this to be a true Account, according to Letters and Books received from India, and our Books here; only, the several Articles of Valuation are done by the Order and Direction of tht Governor, Deputy-Governor, and Committees, of the East India Company.

Francis Beyer.

2 11

viz

At Fort St George, as byV^ p dag

their Books Vhagapalamditto York Fort ditto Fort St.David's ditto Tonijucen ditto Ditto as by Fort-Books

74,985

- K. - - - 21,214

F. Ryals - 33,344 18,524

B. 22,442

Q. Tale - 18,660 13,822: 8

K. K. sent thither since 6,018: 32

Pagodas 157,00614 is Sterling 70,652 15 __ By good Debts and Remains in the Bay of Bengali; viz.

At Chutauutte, as by their Books

Cassumbuzar -

Mauida-Dccca -

Patiana, nothing but dead Stock

Ballazore -

L. L. Rupees 371,737: 1 L. L. - 34,862:15

L. L. - 259,618

X. - 104,672

Q.

97,9*3

By good Debts and Remains at St. Helena, as by their Books, No. 24.

By the yearly Custom, at Gombroon, of 1,000 Tomands, at 3 8 per

Tomand, amounts to 3,333/. 6s. 8 d.as by their last Books F.F. and G.G. which, at 10 Years Purchase, is -

Rupees 868,803 is Sterling 108,600

721 33,333

7 & 4 — 6 8'

o

o

o

oo_

CJV

O

8 W. III. 1

g

<n

t f

n'

CD

Q.

cr

'C

o

o

The East India Company are

Creditors.

By Revenue at Fort St. George, as by their last Books K. K. 9,902 I.

Ann. at 1 o Years Purchase, is ----- - J

By Ditto at Bombay, as by their.last Books, R. 9,5381- per at 10 Years'!

Purchase, is - - - J

By Ditto at Fort St.David's, as by their last Books, B. 3,9481, per Ann. at^ 10 Years Purchase, is - - -J

By 15 Ships now in India, upon their Return home, their Cargoes amount-1

ing to

By 5 per Cent, for contingent Charges of investing the said 543,7711. 11 8 d.

By 50 per Cent. Advance on the aforesaid 543,7711. \ \ s. 8 d. in Consideration of the great Advance in the Price of Bullion, and all English Commodities, then carried out; and also of the Interest and Insurance, and the Profits to be made on the Sale of t.hose Cargoes in India By Fort St. George, Fort St. David's, the Island of Bombay, and ,'

Bencoolen, and Sumatra; with Buildings, at and on all the chief and fiub-ordinate Fa Stories; which are settled and supplied with Factors, proper Officers and Soldiers; together with the Ordnance, Mortars, Arms, and) Ammunition, with other Stores; and all the Capitulations, Privileges, and\ Immunities, purchased at a vast Expence, in the several Places within the j Limits of the Company's Charter ——

By Four Ships now at Spithead, and the Sampson in the Dorvnes, their Cargoes'! amounting to - - ----- -- - J

By 5 per Cent, for contingent Charges of investing the said 239,5801. 17 3

By the Company's Parts, as Owners of Seven Ships -

By Imprest-money, to the Owners of several Ships now in the Company's Service By Leases and Buildings in London ——

By Debts due in England ——

By Cash remaining the 20th February 1695 -

By Goods bought, shipped, and ready to be shipped -By 5 per Cent, contingent Charges of investing the said 72,179 /. 7 s. 11 By remains in the Warehouse, unfold -

By Stock belonging to the general Adventurers, 149,432/. 195. 6d. valued"! at 75 per Cent. - - J

99,020

95*380

39,480

543.771

27,188

s. d.

11 8 ii 7

271,885 15 10

370,000 ——

239.580 17 3

11,979 — 10 16,436 1 1

31,560 6 —

9,600 ——

23,576 6 11

61,53* 5 10 72,179 7 3,608 19 5

5,390 -

112,074 14 8

£ 2,336,483 10 j

By the Advance that may realbnably be expected by the Company on the Return of the 15 Ships now abroad.

By Debts owing in England to the Company, from several Persons, now in Controversy, about 60,0001.

By several doubtful Debts remaining in India, not included in the above-mentioned Articles, 142,541/. 14 s.6d.

cn

O

00

12° Martii, Ai 1695

8 W. HI.

12" — 130 Martii.

509

English East India Company.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade is committed: And that the said Committee have Power to /end for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Granville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported, from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refoked, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Colonel Granville also acquainted the House, That he was direfited by the said Committee to move, That a fe-lect Committee may be appointed to audite and state the Account of the East India Company presented to the House.

Resolved, That a select Committee be appointed to audite and state the Account of the East India Company presented to the House; and to report the Matter of Fact, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That no Person concerned in Interest in the

for declared, in both their Presence, That the Will was according to his Direction; and approved of it as his Will: Which Will is the same as now read to him: And then the said Thomas Gilbert told the Testator, That there were Three Witnesses in the next Room; if he pleased to execute his Will, he would call them in; to which the Testator answered. Ay, or Yes: And, accordingly, the Testator raised himself up in his Bed, with little Assistance; and the Will was laid on a Book before him, to sign; but so loon as he was up, and the Pen in his Hand to write his Name, his Spirits funk, and he fell into a Slumber; in which he continued about Three Hours and then died: He further said, That the Testator while he lay in his Bed, and when he dictated his Will, and approved of it after it was read, he was of good Understanding, and disposing Memory:

And fays, That he has been long acquainted with the Testator, and his Family j and well knows the Condition and Circumstances thereof; and verily believes, That the Will, if performed, will be much for their Advantage; and if not allowed a good W ill the Family will be in a miserable Condition.

Colonel Robert Walpoole, who is a Trustee, and of Kindred to the Testator, declared to the same Effect: And further, That if the Act do not pals, and if the Lady Barhham should have a Son, that Son will be in a worle Condition than if it do pals; by reason the Term for Years, in about 7001, per Am. of the Norfolk Estate, does not

present Eak-India Company, nor any concerned in any "fnd the Inheritance; but is a Term in graft; and ill

v . a. . J J hp nnnr tn thp nnrfnn?il Rif-atP nnrf miHt- h*» folH fni* Potr-

Oaths of Supremacy in Ireland.

Interlopers be of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Nominating of the said Committee be adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for altering Part of an Act, made in the Third Year of his present Majesty and the late Queen, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Whitchurch

Election.

Veneris, 13* Martii;

S° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. have Leave to

withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton.

Barkham's Mr. Brevier reported from the Committee, to whom ilrtate. the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making good the last Will of Sir William Barhham Baronet, deceased; and vesting of Lands in Trustees, to be , fold, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children; was committed; the Matter in relation to the said Bill, as it appeared to the Committee upon Examination thereof; and that they had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments; and he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Report of the Matter of Fact was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That Thomas Gilbert, upon Examination, teltified, That being sent for to the House of Sir William upon

the 2 ith Day of December last past, the said Sir William Barkham did then require him to write his Will for him; which he did: And after he had written the fame, according to the Direction of, and as the said Sir William Barkham dictated to him, the said Sir Wm. Barkham desired him to call in Robert Walpoole Esquire who was then in the next Room; which accordingly he did: And then, in the

belong to the personal Estate; and must be sold for Payment of Debts, unless this Bill pass: And the Estate in London and Middlesex is not worth above 3001, per Ann. and is now charged with Incumbrances of about 2,000l.: But the Norfolk Estate, which by this means is intended to be preserved for the Son, will be near 1,500l. per Annum.

That John Bowns said, That he heard the Testator own, and approve of, the Will; and took the Pen in his Hand to sign it; but, striving to raise himself up beyond his Strength, fell into a Slumber, and died before he. signed it

That Mr. Lewis said to the same Effect.

Mr. Fout kes said, He had, for many Years, been a Coun-fel for, and made several Settlements of the Estate of, Sir Edward and Sir William Barkham: And that this Bill would be much for the Advantage of the Family; and particularly of the Son, if any shall be born; and for the Preservation of the ancient Norfolk Estate in the Family, which was left incumbered by Sir Edward Barkham in above 11,000l.; which Sir William Barkham, the Testator, before his Death, had cleared all off, except 4,000l. with which the same is yet chargeable.

That the Will, and the several Deeds mentioned in the Bill, were read; and were to the Effect as in the Bill mentioned:

And that the Consent of the Trustees and Parties interested in the Estate appeared to the Committee.

being

put,

1

J

53-

A Motion being made, and the Question That the Bill be now read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellprs for the Yeas /Mr. Halsey,

tellers for the *eas,^Mr Brewe

Tellers for the Noes,.

So it was rel'olved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Breaker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendments.

Colonel Granville reported, from the Committee of Tavistock Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Election Election.

c 11 n_______L rrt 1 1 w n»«

Presence and Hearing of the said Mr. Walpoole, and the for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, Testator, he read over the Will; upon which the Testa- as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions Vo 1. XI. 60 ot

510 130 Martii. . 1695.

of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same wej-e read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Ambrose Esquire, com-

1 plaining of an undue Election of the Lord James

Russell for the Borough of Tavistock:

The Committee appointed a Day for the Hearing of tire Matter of that Petition.

That, for Mr. Manaton* to prove the Right of Election,

was produced, as a Witness,

John Bourne: Who laid, He had known Tavistock ever since the Restoration of King Charles the Second; and had been at Seven or Eight Elections; and that the Right of Electing was alw ays in the Freeholders of Inheritance in Possession inhabiting within the said Borough.

That he also produced a Poll, which, he laid, he took by Order of the Portreve; by which

The Petitioner had - 7°lv t

The Lord James Russell, only - - 2<)J 0 eS‘

Againfit this Matter of Fact,

The Lord James Russell did not think fit to make any Defence: So the Committee came to thel'e Rel'olutions;

Resolveed.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of electing Burgesses to l'erve in Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, is in the Freeholders of Inheritance in Possession, inhabiting within the said Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Lord Janies Russell is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tavistock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ambrose Manaton Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Tavistock.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the said Return.

Servants Sir Han't/ Dutton Colt reported from the Committee,

"a°c*- to whom the Bill for the more ealy Recovery of Servants Wages was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That al Persons Healing Fruit, Turneps, or other Roots, being convicted before a Justice of Peace, final 1 make such Satisfaction for the same as l'uch Justice shall appoint; and, in cale of Insufficiency, or Refusal, to commit the ' Offender to the House of Correction:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredeth;

Mr. Speaker,

Bristol The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Waterworks. for t))e better supplying the City of with fresh

Water, without any Amendments: And also,

Rotherhith To the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to Dock. raise Money for the making a wet Dock, and improving the Estate of the Marquis and Marchioncfs of Tavistock, at Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

An ingrossed Bill, Xhat the solemn Affirmation, or

Denial of the People called Quakers, may be accepted Quakers instead of an Oath, was read the Third time. Affirmation.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas gq forth.

TeUe^ortheYe^p-^- / } .46.

Tellers for the Noes,. } 99.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be instead of an Oath.

Ordered, That Mr. Waller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to the Order of Yesterday, pro- East India needed to the Nominating of the Committee toaudite and Stock and ftute the East India Company's Account presented to the ^ebts-House:

Resolved, That the Number of the said Committee be Seven.

And thereupon were nominated Sir Herbert Crofts,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Chadwick, and Sir Fit ah

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Sir // illiam Scaxeen be One of the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,p; . } 148.

Tellers for the Noes, {ulpeff' } 9«-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then were nominated. Sir Godfrey Copley, and Mr.

Tayter.

And the said Names being called over; and Mr. Taylcr not being in the House;

The House proceeded to nominate another in his field; viz. Mr. Robert Henley.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Four of them, have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit at such Times and Places as they shall think fit, notwithstanding the Sitting of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. 7 rye have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Halfpence whom the Matter of the Complaints, touching the Half- and pence and Farthings, was referred, be made upon Monday Farthings. Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Civil LIII. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of a Motion, made upon Wednesday lait, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Civil List, for the Year i (>96; and for Relief of the poor French Protestants.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Smith, according to the Order of the Day, re- Bringing ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Plate to U whom the Bill for the encouraging the bringing in of coine ' Plate, to be coined, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerics Table: Where the same were read the First time. 1

24 Ordered,

s

Ei

Pr.

Ex

Vh

Diij

ii\1

G*

Ci,

F.c:

h

l;

8 W. III.

sJcers

13* — 140 Martii.

5n

Supply Bill; House Duty.

Hi

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting several Rates, or Duties upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the dipped Money, be made upon Monday Morning,

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at Highway the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are Laws-as follow; viz.

That the Committee had examined several Witnesses, and find the Matter to be as followeth; viz. First,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sawyer'i

Ella!*,

Preventing Export of Wool.

Disposition by Will iu Wales.

Great Queen Street Elute.

Courts of Equity.

Highway

Laws.

Sabbati, 14* die Martii;

8# Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Baldwyn reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell a Mefl'uape, Garden, and Out-house, in Lincolns-Inn-Fields, late of Sir Robert Sawyer, Knight, deceased; and for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses; was committed; That they had examined and considered the lame; and madelome Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were tw ice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 8. After u Alolyncux, inferfc " and also " the said Cary ll Lord Viscount Mulyncux"

L. 19. Leave out "Courtyard," and insert, instead thereof, " Courts, Yards."

Sir Rowland Gxvyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and encourage the Importation thereof from Ireland, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the lloule; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

1

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to take away the Custom of K ales, which hinders Persons from disposing of their personal F.fiates by their Wills: And that Mr. Brcirton and Sir Roger Puleston do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better Improvement of a House and Ground in Great Queen-street, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate, to Mr. Sane ford, Mr. Storehouse, Sir Mr.

Jl/oyle, Mr. Foley, Mr. MountaguMr. Sir

John Conway, Sir John Bolles, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Manley, Mr. Yates, Sir Robert Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Brothcrton, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Gerv. Elzves,

Mr. SeijcantCwiWv/, Mr. Roul Colonel

Ferry, Mr. Newport, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Bagnohl, Mr. Burdct, Mr. Gardiner, Mr. LSir Robert Cotton, Mr. Statute: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Proceedings in Courts of Equity be read a Second time upon day Morning next.

Mr. Rickard Mountague reported, from the Comtpittee,

to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Carriers, Waggoners, and others, travelling the Western Roads; and all'o the Petition of the Carriers, Waggoners, and others, travelling the Northern Roads; was referred; the Matters complained of, as the same appeared to the Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon: Vol. XL

Upon the Petition of the Northern Carriers:

Mr. Johnson laid, That, within Three Years lafi: past, upon Discourse with Littlehale, who pretended to be a Surveyor of the Highways, the Informant asked him by what Authority he afcted, and distrained the Waggoners Horses; who said. He had a Deputation for it from Justice Laurence, which cost him 20 /: And further asked, What he had done with the Money arising by such DistreHes, which belonged to the Poor, and Highways j and by what Law' lie demanded quarterly Payments of the Waggoners, and took their Gecle, Turkeys, and Ducks, without paying for them; to which he laid, That w hat he received of the Waggoners was for Gratuities, for to suffer them to go without making Distresses on them; and, as to the Poor, he was ready to answer to those to whom it belonged to demand it: And Littlehale then told Mr. Johnson, That he had distrained upon one Thom. Smith, Carrier of St. Ives, when he had only Pack-horles, for Six Offences committed by him, a Quarter of a Year before, when he drove a Waggon; and made him unload his Pack-horses in Shoreditch, and pay 12/. 10 s. before he could have his Horses and Goods to go on his Journey.

John Guest, of Stamford, Waggoner, said, that he bought of Mr. Warren, formerly Stamford Carrier, his Waggon and Horses, and has followed the Employment of a Waggoner ever since; and that, the first Time of the Informant's coming to London, Littlehale demanded 8/. a Year of him; and laid, his Predecessors paid him after that Rate: That the Informant paid him after that Rate for 3 Quarters of a Year; but Littlehale afterw ards raising his Rent, from 8 /. a Year to 12/. and from thence infilting on 20/. a Year, the Informant refused to pay him any thing; though, had he stood at his old Rate of 8/. a Year, the Informant believes he had still paid it him; w hereupon Littlehale procured 12 Warrants, of 40 s. each, which were served on the Informant by a Constable at Barnet as for so many Offences committed by the Informant, for driving on the Road, contrary to Law; and paid 24/. 13 s.thereupon; and afterwards brought his Afition, and had Judgment against the said Constable, for the said 24/. 13$.; but, he proving poor, the Informant loft his Money:

And said, His Predecessor was under an Agreement with Littlehale to pay him 40 a Quarter to draw' his Waggon with as many Horles as he pleased; but the Informant had not transgressed the Law w hen Littlehale demanded the first 40 s.; nor ever was convicted of any Offence; but paid his Money upon producing of the Warrants against him.

Samuel Meager, Waggoner, said, That, at as he

was driving to London, Littlehale demanded 10 s. of him; which the Informant refilled to pay; hut, as the Informant w'as returning into the Country, Littlehale feizod Two Horles out of Five; and, the Informant proceeding on his Journey with the Three Horles that were left, it killed them all; whereby he is quite undone; and knows not for what Reason Littlehale should demand the lo,v. or seize his Horle; for that he never travelled with more than Five Horses:

And lays, Littlehale has taken from him, at Newgate Market, Butter, Cheese, S'c. without ever paying for them.

William Lacy, of Loughborough, Carrier, said, That he, at first, paid Littlehale$s. fa) [a Quarter], and afterwards to*, a Quarter, for about 10 Years lafi past, for Liberty to draw as be pleased; and that Littlehale has rode by the Informant when lie has drove with more Horses than the Law allows of, without informing against him.

Mr.

(a) Supplied from the Original Report.

1

Highway

Laws.

4

512 14 Martii. 1605.

Mr. Ward., Innholder, laid, That, in Seven Years time

lift past, he has compounded with not to inform,

for above 20 Waggoners, that they might draw with as many Horses at Length as they pleased; and that, before such Agreement, he was many times forced to go to Barnet, and leave all his Business here, to agree, and make Peace, with Littlehaleon behalf of the Carriers, before he would permit them to come to London.

Mr. Forster, of Huntingdon, Carrier, laid. That, about

Four Years ago, Lit tlehale ieized.....of his Horses atBar-

net, by virtue of 6 Warrants granted by one Mr. Justice Hassell, of Barnet; and compelled the Informant to pay 12/. 65. thereupon: That one sMan, as

he said, was the Informer; and had a Letter of

Attorney from Poynter, to receive the Money: And said, That one Murriden, another Carrier, had his Horses seized

for the like Sum; and that Littlehale pulled out of his Pocket 30 or 40 Blank Warrants, as he called them:

That afterwards, the Informant came to a verbal Agreement with Littlehale, to pay him 8/. a Year, by quarterly Payments, that he might draw his Waggon with as many Horses as he pleased, without his Molestation; and then Littlehale has l'een, and rode by, the Informant, when he has drawn with 7 and 9 Iiorles, at Length, and never made any Complaint thereof: But said, That would make 6 or 8 Quarters in a Year.

Robei't Barnes, of Lincolne, Carrier, said That, for about Ten Years together, his Father, since dead, and himself, did pay Littlehale4/. a Year, pursuant to a verbal Agreement made between them, for drawing at Length with more Horles than the Law allows of; and, while they continued Payment of the a Year, they drew' as they pleased, without his Molestation; but the Informant having since thought it an Abuse of Little-hale, and refusing to pay him any longer, he has produced 10 and 20 Warrants at a time against the Informant, as an Offender against the Statute, and distrained his Horles thereon.

Thomas Woodison said, II'c has served the Stamford

Carriers, as a Warehouse-keeper, for about 24 Years last past; viz. Mr. Warren 12 Years, afterwards his Son about 6 Years, and Mr. Guest, the now Carrier, about 6 Years; and paid for them to Littlehale 40 a Quarter for all of his Masters, for their quiet drawing of their Waggons, without the Molestation of Littlehale, but, when young Warren refuted Payment, as he did, Littlehale distrained his Horses at Burnet, and made Warren pay 12/. for the Redemption of them, before he would suffer him to proceed on his Journey: That he heard Littlehale lay, That if Guest would pay him 40.9. a Quarter, he should draw with as many Horses as he would; but, Guest not complying with him, he made him pay 24/. at One time: And laid, Littlehale would never give him any Receipt for the Money that he lb received; but would always Ihuffle away, with a Pretence of being in Haste; but now-and-then would give the Informant a Shilling to drink his Masters Healths.

John Gilbert, of Holloway, Victualler, said, That L ttlehale seized a Horse of one Edward Edwards, a Waggoner, by virtue of a Warrant granted by Justice Harryot for a Riot, as Littlehale said; that Edxvards had then but Five Horses in his Team; and Littlehale took the Horse away, and fold him in another County.

Simon Marryott, a Warehouse-keeper, said, That Mrs.

Faulkoner, a Carrier, was forced to pay Littlehale io$. about a Fortnight ago, as Contribution-money, or else he threatened to distrain her Horses.

GeorgeBowyer, a Warehouse-keeper, said, That he paid Littlehale 61. Composition-money for Mr. drawing as he plealed, and 205. for Francis Spencer; and then Littlehale had 200 blank Warrants about him, as he said:

And no longer ago than the 2d of this Instant March, Littlehale told the Informant, That there were other Committees, and there would be a new Parliament; -and that this Matter should not be tried this Parliament.

Thomas Fryer, Carriers Porter, said, That he used to

go out of Town to meet the Waggons; and had seen Littlehale (a) [several times] take of the Carriers at Holloway 2 s.6d. and 5 s.apiece, when they have drawn but with Five Horses, and Four, and Three, in Pairs; and threatening to follow them, if they did not pay him; and pulling out Warrants out of his Pocket:

And that Yesterday, the 27th of February, Littlehale threatened the Informant, as he was summoning Witnesses to attend the Committee, to ruin him, if he appeared in this Matter; and that a Gaol should be his Reward; saying, That he had him in a Gaol once before, as he had last Year on an Action; and he would Ipend the Cloaths off his Back but he would have him there again.

John lloach said, That Fryer coming to the Ram Inn in Smithfield to summon Witnesses, who were Carriers, to attend the Committee; and the Informant's Master not being at home; Fryer left the Summons with Roch; and Littlehale, being then present, said to Fryer, What! have you nothing elle to do than to serve Orders? I will find l'ome other Employment for you; 1 had you once in Gaol, and I will Ipend my Cloaths off my Back, but I will have you in again; or Words to that Purpose: To which Fryer answered, He would serve Orders for him if he would pay him for doing it.

Thomas Elsey said, he heard Littlehale say, as he was going out of the Ram Inn, That he had him once in Gaol, and he would spend the Cloaths off his Back, but he w ould have him there again.

Thomas Sian said, That he heard Littlehale threaten Fryer, as aforesaid; but know s not for what Reason,

To these Complaints Littlehalanswered, and said. That he had received Money many times of the Carriers, but not by virtue of any Agreement made with them for quarterly Payments, to give them a Liberty to draw7 with more Horses than the Law allows them, as they pretended; but the same w as by w ay of Gratuity, for keeping the Roads in Repair, and for travelling from Place or Place, at the Carriers llequest; and prosecuting in the Crown-Office the several Parishes where the Highways were defective:

And produced a Certificate out of the Crown Office, to Ihew7 the several Prosecutions:

But the Committee did not think fit to receive it for Evidence.

That he acted as Deputy-Surveyor of the Roads, by virtue of a Deputation granted him, for £. 20 by Mr. Justice Lawrence, for 21 Years: And, the Committee demanding the same of him, he said, That he had it not about him:

That, it is true he many times caused the Waggoners Horles to be seized on the Road; but it was for Offences done by them contrary to Law; and the Constables executed the Warrants, and distributed the Money, as the Laws directs; and, as to what did, Littlehale fays.

He is not his Servant, but afits as an Informer for himself: That he received 8/. o HVoodisupon the Account of (b) [Guest, for] geltingBaldock-Lane repaired; and Guest afterwards sued him for the Money, as for Money lent: And that Guest, and other Carriers, have brought an Action of 1,100l. against Littlehale, and have beaten him, on purpose to discourage him from prosecuting them for their Offences; and that Guest has drawn with 9 Horses at Length at a time; and made his Brags, That he had conquered Littlehale, w hen he w as not prosecuted.

As to the Threatening of Fryer, he said, That he never did threaten him for serving the Orders of the.Committee; but told him. He had put 8 or 10 Names to the Petition against Littlehale; and that perhaps he might repent it:

And said, That Fryer is a Fellow of no Reputation, and will say or swear any thing; and that, last Year, he swore the Peace against Littlelmle, when he did not touch the Person pretended to be assaulted:

That not above 3 or of the pretended Petitioners did really sign the fame; which he could prove, if he had Time, as he said; but that his Witnesses, being Waggoners, were out of Town, and had not been in Town since

he

(a) Supplied from the original Report. (6) Ibid.

8 W. III.

he had Notice of the Petition; and denied what said touching this or a new Parliament:

But Bowyer iuftified it to his Face before the Committee.

Maty Smith, Littlehale'a Sifter, said, That about a Fortnight ago, the was at the Ram Inn in in

Company with her Brother, and Mitchell, Neivannb, Banks, and Chapman, Four of the pretended Petitioners; who denied, that they had let their Hands to the Petition.

To answer her Information, the Petitioners produced,

Robert Beeson: Said, That Banks and Newcombe gave him Orders to sign the Petition for them; and that young Chapman ligned for his Father.

John Edwards laid, That, about a Fortnight ago, he served Littlehale with an Order to attend the Committee, thereby giving him Notice of the Waggoners Petition.

Upon the Petition of the Western Carriers:

The Matter appeared as followed]; viz.

John Edwards said, That, about a Year and Half since,

one Palmer, who was FeilderMan, upon a Warrant granted by Sir Roger Langley, distrained his Horses, at Hounslow, for an Offence formerly committed, by drawing on the Road with Five and Three Horses, contrary to Law, as Palmer said; but Edu ards said, he rather believed it was becanle he refused to pay Folder 10s. quarterly as he used to do, by reason of an Agreement made between them for that Purpose; whereby Edwards was to have Liberty to drive with as many Horses as he pleased; and during the Time that he kept such his Payments, Feilder never troubled him; but he cannot say, that Feilder ever saw him draw contrary to Law, though, in Cafes of Necessity, he has lb done; however, he was weary of his said Agreement, which he looked upon as an Abuse; and thought it was high time to break it, having paid, as he believes, in Money, and its Value, at times, about 20/.

And laid, That other Waggoners, who were not under an Agreement with Feilder, their Horles were distrained, when Eduards went free; and that, on Discourse with Feilder, he urged, that the Waggoners ought not to drive with more than Four and Three Horses; but, if they would agree with him, they should draw as they plealed.

And further said, That Palmer, about 3 Weeks ago, told the Informant, That he would have 10 Parliament-men for him, to One against him; and, if they got the better of the Petitioners they would have no more Mercy on them, than they would have of a Toad under a Harrow.

Mr. Whitaker, a Petitioner, said, That he agreed with Feilder for 7,?. a Quarter, to draw his Waggon with as many Horses as he plealed; and that, since such Agreement, Feilder has seen Whitalcerdraw with above Five Horles at Length; and did not inform against or inoleft him in his Journey.

Mr. Fox said, That Feilder is indicted, by Order of the Lord Chief Justice Holt, for taking the 7 Compofi-tion-moneyof Whitaker, as aforesaid, for a Forfeiture.

Giles It hell, Carrier, of Somersetshire, laid, in January 1691, he was drawing his Waggon up a Hill, with above Five Horles at Length, it being very Hippery, by reason of the Frost and Snow' that then happened; and Feilder overtook him; and, they afterwards drinking together at Bristoll, Feilder said, That he was the King's Surveyor of the Roads, to see that the same were kept in good Repair, and to lee them punished that offended contrary to Law; and that It hell had so done; but, if he would draw at Length, he mult pay as others did: Whereupon /Me//then paid Feilder 20 s. to be quiet; and afterwards made a verbal Agreement in London, to pay him I os. a Quarter, to draw as he plealed; and then and his Man Palmer, often law him draw with Seven and Nine Horses at Length, without any Hindrance:

And laid, That Feilder persuaded him to buy Two Flitches of Bacon for him, which cost 2 which he VOL.XI.

5*3

ordered to be left at Slaa>, tend afterwards received them; Highway but never paid any thing for them. Law*.

SusanWaUhew, Wareh wife-keeper at the Inn,

laid, That Ihe belongs to Thirteen or Fourteen Carriers; and has paid Feilder several Sums of Money for all of them; and for feme 10#. and others 20 at a time, as quarterly Payments; and when he has come to demand his Rent, when the has had no Orders to pay him, he has sworn, God damn them, he would be revenged of them; and, when they have not kept their Payments according to his Expectation, he would seize their Waggons, at Hounslow, by Warrants, when they have drawn with

Four and Two in Pairs, and Five and Three in Pairs; and said, He would have Money, let them draw as they would; and that, if they draw with left than the Statute allows, it was a Breach of the Law; and heard him say,

That he had gotten Goo I. by the Carriers; and that he and Littlehale had agreed, that Littlehale should have the Northern Road, and he was to have the Western Road.

FlexnyBrookes, of Hounslow, Innkeeper, said, That he did Ice Feilder distrain a Horse of one at tlounslow,

for drawing with Five and Four Horses.

Tobias Lew ton, of Hinton, Waggoner, laid, That Feilder kept a List of the Waggoners travelling the Western Roads; and, when they were in Arrear of their quarterly Payments, he would shake his Cane, and say, He would make an Example of all such Rogues as did not keep their Words:

That he agreed to pay Feilder 10.?. a Quarter; and afterwards, both he, and his Man Palmer, did fee him draw with 9 Horses at Length, and 13 Horses in a Team, and did not complain; but Feilder did lay. He would have Money of the Waggoners, let them draw in what manner soever they could; for that it was impossible for them to travel the Roads without a Breach of the Law.

Richard Brown said, That he paid Feilder 5 s. a Quarter, to draw as he pleased; and believes, that in 7 Years time he has paid him about 20/.

Tho. Child Waggoner, laid, He agreed with Feilder, and has paid him 5 s. and 7* a Quarter, to drive with as many Horses as lie pleased; and then Feilder had rode by him, when he has drawn with more Horses than the Law allows, without complaining.

Anthony Webb, of Gloucestershire, Waggoner,- said, he

has paid 10a Quarter to Feilder, for 6 or 7 Years, to drive with as many Horses as he plealed; and, while he kept to such Payments, Feilder and Painter has seen him draw contrary to Law; yet never molested him.

To these Complaints,

Mr. Feilder said, That he has received of several of the Complainants 5 s. and to$. at a time, for his Civility in advising them not to transgrcls the Laws, by drawing with more Horses than the Law allows of, and for travelling, and causing the Overseers to amend their several Highways; but never received above 10#. of anyPerlon at One time; and never made any Agreement or Corn-poll tion with the Waggoners, whereby to give them any Liberty or Encouragement to draw with more Horses than the Law allows of; nor has he taken any Money since St. Paul's Day was Two Years, from any of the Waggoners, in, any other Manner than what was recovered, in pursuance of the several Statutes made for repairing the Highways, by virtue of Warrants granted by the Justices of the Peace for that Purpose; which were always served by the proper Officer, and the Forfeitures distributed by the Constable, or other Officers of the Parish, according to the Direction of the several Acts of Parliament:

And said, if he had offended in taking Money without a Warrant, he did it through ignorance; begged Pardon for it; and said he would do so no more; and submitted to the House:

That his present Majesty, in the First Year of his Reign, granted a Patent to Michael Studholme, Esquire, for the Office of Keeper of his Majesty's Roads; and, for the First Year after the Patent, Mr. Studholme made

6 P Feilder

14° Mar Hu

5*4

140 Martii. A. 1695.

Highway

Laws.

A Person committed for threatening Suin-montr of Witnesses.

Avon

Navigation.

Feilder his Deputy from Month to Month, and afterwards from Three Months to Three Months, till June 1692; and then gave him a general Deputation, without any limitation; under which Feilder acts; and produced the Deputation:

That the Deputation was granted to , in Confederation of his great Losses, by trusting the late King James's Army, and Attendance at and Houn-

slow, with Corn, Hay, and Straw; he being a Corn-chandler, and then living at Windsor:

That he always attended his Majesty in his Progress, and where-ever he travelled in England', and waited on his Majesty into Ireland-, and managed, and looked after, the making the new Coach-way, from the Cockpit to Kensington, through Hide Park; and never, till after that Way was finished, followed the Employment of an Informer:

That Littlehale offered Mr. Studholnie Money for his

Deputation; but Mr. Studholme said, He would not have any thing to do with him, nor any-body else, in that Manner:

And said. It is true, that it was agreed between Little-hale and himself, that one should look after the Northern Hoads, and the other after the Western Roads; and it was the Desire of the Western Carriers, that Littlehale might be kept out of that Road:

And said, He many times saw the Carriers commit Forfeitures; but did not inform against them, because it was Mr. Studholms Direction not to be severe upon them:

And produced a Certificate, under the Hands of many of the Carriers travelling the Western Road, certifying, that they knew not of any Compositions made with them, or any others, by Feilder, or his Man Palmer, to give them Liberty to draw with more Horses than the Law allows of; nor ever heard, or were informed, that they ever disturbed any body that drove with more Horses than they might do. by Law: All which they would have testified, but that their Business is so confined to particular Stages, that they could not attend to give their Evidence, without great Prejudice, as the Certificate mentions:

Which he proved by one Collins.

Thomas Collins said, He saw the several Persons, whose Names are set to the said Certificate, sign the fame, except Margaret Vyner, who could not write herself, but ordered her Porter to set her Name to it.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their several Petitions; and deserve the Relief of the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the House be moved, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the several Acts relating to the Highways; and for preventing the Abuses arising the reby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining the several Afits relating to the Highways; and for preventing the Abuses arising the reby: And that Mr. Mountague, Sir Hen.Hobart, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That a Copy of the said Report he delivered to Mr. Attorney-General; and that he do take care to prosecute John Littlehale, and Richard Feilder, and others, mentioned in the said Report, for the Crimes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That John Littlehale, for threatening the Person employed to summon the Witnesses to attend the said Committee; be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Justices of the Peace, and Grand Jury, at the Assizes held at Neto Sarum, in the County of Wilts, the 6th Day of March instant, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester,

and Somerset, navigable, will, if it Should pals, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and the Farmers of Wiltshire: for that it will lessen all Sorts of Land-carriage; and, thereby, the Consumption, made by the Carriers, and their Cattle, will be lessened; and the great Addition of Corn and Grain that will be brought out of remote Parts by Water, to Bath, and thence dispersed; which will not only hinder the Vent of the Product of the Petitioners Lands but, consequently, the Rents thereof must fell; for that Com, brought by Water to Bristoll, and thence being conveyed on Horseback, does, at feme Seasons of the Year, glut the Markets as far as Warminster, Devizes, and other Places, in Wiltshire: And praying. That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, Yeomen, Ditto. Farmers, Land-holders, and other Inhabitants, in and about Colertic, NorthW)raaall, Castle-comb, and

in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now in the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and Gloucester, navigable, if it should pass into an Act, will be a very great Damage to the Petitioners, and Multitudes of Families, both in, near to, and remote from,' Bristoll and Bath; and will also be a much greater publick Evil than Good; which they doubt not to make appear: And praying, That they may be heard, to offer their Reasons against the Palling of the said Bill, if the House think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Aldermen, Common- Ditto. Ccuncilmen, Tradesmen, Freeholders, and other the Inhabitants, of the City of New Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable, will, the Petitioners are very fenlible, be a great Advantage to them, and all adjacent Places of the said several Counties; and, in all Probability, a great Promotion of Trade in general: And praying, That the said Bill may pass without any Obstruction.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order, Taviftocfc and amended the Return for the Borough of Tavistock, Ret0111 in the County of Devon, by rafing out the Name of the amen^<1' Lord James Russell; and inserting the Name of Ambrose Mannaton Esquire, in the room thereof.

Mr. Ambrose Mannaton, being elected to serve in this Camelfori present Parliament as a Burgess for the Borough of Toots-tock, in the County of Devon-, and also for the Borough of Camelford, in the County of Cmade his Election to serve for the said Borough of Tavistock.

Ordered,

A Petition of the Bakers of the City of Bristoll was Avon presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Navigation, the Bill, now before the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable, will be a great Prejudice and Wrong to the Petitioners, if it should . .; for that thereby several Mills will be taken down, which grind Com for the Supply of Bristoll, which cannot be ground elsewhere: And praying the House to consider of the Petitioners Cafe, before the Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

H

tlx

1

8 W. III. 140 — i 6" Marti/.515

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Came ford in the County of in the room of Ambrose Maunaton Esquire; who hath elected to serve for the Borough of in the County of Devon.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Ambrose have Leave to

Absence. go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

African Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented. to the

Company. House a Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa: And the feme was received.

Southamp- Ordei'ed, That the Report from the Committee of Privi-

ton L eftion. je^eg an(j £|e5tions, touching the Election for the Borough of Southampton, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

I^ave of Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Civil List. Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of a Motion, made upon Wednesday last, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Civil List, for the Year 1696; and for Relief of the poor French Protestants; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Expences of the Civil List, i'or the Year 1696.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the Relief of the poor French Protestants.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ditto- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Expences of the Civil List, for the Year 1696; and for the Relief of the poor French Protestants.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Ridoutv

Mr Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Lands in Horsington, in the County of Somerset,

Part of the Estate of Christopher Ridout, an Infant, for Payment of Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the Residue of the said Estate for the Infant: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing several former Acts for E"n'/hio8 punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for Payment of Quarters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or detert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Mullers; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented Supply Bill; to the House a Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Salt Duties Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War ^k, Ml again!! France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a national Land-Bank: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Alonday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lumee, 16* die Marin;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Brereton, according to Order, presented to the Disposition House a Bill to take away the Custom of Wales, ln which hinders Persons from disposing their personal Estates a es' by their Wills.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Earl of Tor- Sir Richard Onslatv reported from the Committee, to rington's whom the Bill for confirming a Grant to Arthur Earl of Grant in Torrington, by King William and Queen Mary, of several L«vel>rtl Parcels ofr Land, Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said

Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Melhe Profits; was committed: That they had considered the fame; and the Petition of the Countess of Dorchester, referred to the said Committee; and had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Bill shall not prejudice the Countels of Dorchester's, Title in Law or Equity:

And the same was once read; and by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to confirm the Deeds by which fire claims r And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time j

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee, upon the Debate of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vo 1.XI.

Mr. Pocklingtonreported from the Committee, to Dawson's

whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate.

Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Dawson Esquire in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and for Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters, was committed; and to whom the Consideration of the Petition of William Fowellwas referred; That it did not appear to the Committee, That Mr. Fowell signed the Petition, or that it was presented by Order from him; and that Mr. Ash, who presented the same to the House, defined, if the House pleased, to have Leave to withdraw the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Ash have Leave to withdraw the said Petition: And that the said Committee do proceed upon the said Bill.

Sir Robert Dovers reported from the Committee, to WoollenMa-. whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the Woollen nufa^ures. Manufactures of this Kingdom was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and other Amendments were made to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered,

5*6

6° — 17'

A. 1695.

Select

Veltrie#.

Great Queen* Ordered, That Mr. , Sir John , Mr.

street Eft ate. Foley, Sir Tho. P. Blount, Mr. Moore, Colonel Grarrvill, Mr. Brewer, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Mr. Tho. Foley

junior, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Boyle, Sir Hen. Vane, Doctor Dormant, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, for the better Improvement of a House and Grounds in Great Queen-street, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughm, Sir John Sir Godfrey

Copley, Mr Moore, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Foley, Sir Robei't Dovers, be added to the Committee,

to whom.die Bill for the Regulating of select Velines, and preventing Abu fee arising the reby, is committed.

Briftoll Mr. Blaake reported from the Committee, to whom the

Hospitals, Bill for she Erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within c* the City of Bristoll for the better employing and main-

taining the Poor thereof, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Billwhich they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

Preventing

Escapes,

Raising

Militia-

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing Escapes; and better Security and Relief of Creditors; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read the First time.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Thursday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for raising the Militia for the Year lfigG, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1696, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill} A Bill for continuing unto his Majesty certain Rates and

Salt Duties Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France-, Bank and au(^ for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and dn ' upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Roberts have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Nanny have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Wogan have Leave to go into the Country upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Morley have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Call of th* The Names of such Members were called over as were House. absent upon the last Call of the House:

And several of them being still absent in the Country, and ill in Town, who had not signed the Association;

viz.

The Lord Irwin, having signified his Consent to sign the Association;

Ordered, That he be excused from attending the House.

Sir Michael Wharton, having signified his Consent also;

/and being ill;

Ordered, That he be excused from attending the House.

Sir Cloudesly Shovel, having signified that he bad signed the Association at Sea} and being the re;

Ordered, That be be excused from attending this House.

Sir William Thotnas, having signified his Readinels to sign the Association; and being ill in the Country;

Ordered, That he be excused from attending the House.

Mr. Price Devereur, having signified his Readinels to sign the Association; and being ill in the Country;

Ordered, That he be excused from attending the House.

Colonel Gibson, being at Portsmouth; and having signified, That he will be speedily here, and sign the Association;

Ordered, That he be excused from attending the House.

And others being ill in Town, and in the Country, who had not signified their Intentions touching the fame;

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write to such Members as are in the Country, and have not signed the said Association, or declared their Refusal so to do, to know what they will do, and to return their Answer by the first Opportunity: And that the Clerk of the House do attend such Members as are ill in Town, with the said Association, in order to their signing the fame, or receiving their Answer of Refusal; And that he do acquaint the House therewith.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- civil List, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, towards the defraying the Expences of the Civil List, for the Year 1696; and for Relief of the poor French Protestants.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for granting several Rates, floult Duty' or Duties, upon Houses, for making good the^Deficiency of the clipped Money, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 17° die Martii;

8° Gulieluii Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ridouu

for Sale of Lands in Ilorsington, in the County of Estate. Somerset, Part of the Estate of an

Infant, for Payment of Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the Residue of the said Estate for the Infant; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Barton, Chaplain to this House, Mr. Barton do preach before them at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon the Thanksgiving-Day, appointed by his Majesty's ing^Day, Proclamation, in case the House be then fitting.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sandes'

25 for Ellate>

I.

8 W. III.

17° Martii.

5i7

Sawyer's t irate.

Kensington

Pavement.

Regulating

Hackney

Coachmen.

Jbr vetting a Moiety of the Martor of Sheptaw-Mallet, City, if it should pass into a Law; and wiJl also impair

Disposition by Will in Wales.

Garbling

Spices.

in the County of Somerset; and a divided Moiety of the Manor of Wells in the said County; in Trustees, to be told, for Payment of a Mortgage charged thereon; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wife of William Sondes Esquire, and her Children; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals, with the Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Coward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill to take away the Custom of Wales, which hinders Persons from disposing their personal Estates by their Wills, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brereton, Sir John Bodes, Serjeant Coward, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Kay, Serjeant Bond, Sir Robert

Cotton, Mr. Moyle, Mr HecetungWyndham,

Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Mr. Monstevens, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Row. Gxvyn, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Gery, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Gardiner, Mr. Nicholas,

Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr. PhiUipps, Sir Wm. Ashurs Mr. Mr.

Phi. Foley, Sir Wm.St. Quint Sir Edw. Abney; and

all that serve for the Principality of fPales; and all that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell a Messuage, Garden, and Out-house, in Lincolns-Inn-Fidds, late of Sir Robert Sawyer Knight,

deceased; and for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals, with the Amendments. Ordei'ed, That Mr. Baldwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with lbme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Cha. Carteret, Doctor Mr.

Carney, Mr. Eison, Mr. Gray, Mr. Monstevens, Mr. Morgan, Sir Tho.Roberts, Sir F Massam, Mr

Mr. Lowther, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Robert Davers, Mr, Tredenham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of John and

other Inhabitants, of the Town of Kensington, is referred.

the Orphans Security: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel, at the Bar of die House, touching such Matters as they have to oiler against the said Bill.

And the said Bill was read a Second time. Garbling

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Spices. Debate.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rob. Davers, Mr. Gardiner, Sir&z. Bamardiston, Sir Wm. Cooper,

Mr. Manly, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Swift, Serjeant Bond, Sir Walter Yffnge, Sir John Parsons, Mr.

Bagnold, Mr. Frewen, Mr. PapilloMr. Halsey, Mr.

Mountague, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. England, Mr. Monstevens,

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Colt, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Culliford, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Fuller,

Doctor Oxenden, Mr. Hetdey, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Mar.

Wived, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Clarke, Sir Eliah Harvey,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Sir Wm.

Lowther, Sir John Fleet, Sir Math. Andrewes, Sir John Bodes, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Row. Gwyn, Mr. Stokes, Serjeant Coward, Mr. Parsons, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Foot Onslow,

Mr. Perry, Mr. Guy, Mr. Done, Mr. Gery, Mr. Moore,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Ryder, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Brotherton,

Sir John Kay, Mr. Newport, Mr. lloicmyAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of William Stewart, present Garbler for the Ditto.

City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setling forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for regulating Abuses relating to garbling Spices, Drugs, and other Merchandizes, if it should pass into a Law, will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioner, who hath a Freehold in the Office of Garbling within the said City, and Liberties thereof: And praying. That he may be heard, by Counsel, to Offer his Objections to such Parts of the said Bill as may prejudice him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Pocklington reported from the Committee, to whom Dawson'» the irigrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate.

A Bill to explain the Act for regulating and licensing vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Dawson Esquire in

Hackney Coachmen was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manley, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Halsey, Sir Bolles, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Hcnly, Sir Wm.Cooper, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. England,

Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Newport, Mr. Monstevens, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Serjeant Coward, Mr. Foley, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Colt, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Onslow, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Clark: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That it be an Inffruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for impowering the Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches, to make Hackney Coaches and Horses more useful and convenient; and to regulate the Standing of Coaches in the Streets, and other Inconveniencies occasioned by Hackney Coachmen.

A Petition of the Court of Lord Maypr and Aldermen of the City of London was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible the Bill, now depending in the House, for regulating Abuses relating to garbling Spices, Drugs, and other Merchandizes, will be greatly prejudicial to the said Vol. XI.

Trustees, for Payment of Debts; and for a Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters; was committed; That they had examined and considered the lame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Duty on fider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional "

Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandizes. u

Ordered, That the Matter, touching the Election for Yarmouth the Borough of Yarmouth, in the County of Southampton, Isle of Wight, be heard before the Committee of Privileges and Elec- E e l0"‘ tions, as loon as they can, in course, notwithstanding any Order to the contrary.

A Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Africa

African

Company.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford Duchess of

1 If rR... Buccleuiih's

and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have

Buccleug &c. Estate.

puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for 6 Q impowering

impowering the Most Noble Ann Duchess of and the Right honourable James Earl of Dalkeith her Son, of the Kingdom of Scotland, to grant Leases for improving a Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

African A Petition of the Merchants of Plymouth, trading to,

Company. and interested in, the Plantations of Virginia and Maryland, was presented to tiic House; relating to the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir John Smith have Leave to go into Absence. the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitaker have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Pra&ifers of Ordered, That the Bill for requiring the Pra&ifers of Law to take the Law to take the Oaths to his Majesty be read a Second Oaths. time Tomorrow Morning.

Bringing Resolved, That the Report from the Committee of the

coined0 '* 'v'l0*e House, to whom the Bill for Encouraging of Persons

*e to bring Plate into the Mint, to be coined,..be taken

into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Southampton Mr. Gxnjn, according to Order, reported, from the Election Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Town, and County of the Town of Southampton, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Smith Esquire, complaining of an undue Election of Sir Benjamin to

serve for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That the first Question, between the Petitioner and Sir Benjamin Nearland, was upon the Right of Election: That the Petitioner inlified, That the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses Inhabitants, and other Inhabitants, of the said Borough; and that the out-living Burgesses had no Right to vote:

That, on the other Side, it was insisted. That the outliving Burgesses had a Right to vote, as well as the Burgesses Inhabitants.

That it appeared to the Committee, That the Poll began on Friday Morning, and was continued, by several Adjournments, to Monday Morning:

That, upon Friday N ight, when the Poll was adjourned, there was,

' For the Petitioner - - - 171.

For Sir Benj. Norlan - - 170. But that of the 171, that were for the Petitioner, there was one Corny ns put down with a Querc; who, on Monday, upon further Examination, was not allowed to be a good Vote.

It appeared also, That the Mayor and Two Bailiffs voted on Friday, and were for Sir Nero land.

That the Petitioner insisted. That the Poll was closed, or ought to have been closed, on

And, for that, the Petitioner's Counsel called,

Mr. Isaac Watts: Who said, He was One of the Five employed to take the Poll by Sir Benjamin and

Mr. Smith, and the rest of the Candidates; and allowed by the Mayor: And that the Poll used to be made an End on in One Day:

That, before he put down any, they were allowed by the Mayor; but Corny ns was put down with a Quere: That, on Friday, the Poll was adjourned between Two 23

A. 1695.

and Three a Clock: That, before the Poll was adjourned, the Mayor aiked, If there were any more to poll? but none offered themselves, except such as had been before disallowed by the Mayor: That, a little before the Adjournment, he acquainted the Mayor, by a Paper, That Sir Benjamin Newland had loft it by One: That the Mayor said, He found Cause of Adjournment: That Sir Benj. Newland and Mr. Smith both opppfed the Adjourn-

ment; but the Mayor said. In regard of the Noile, he would adjourn to some more private Place; and then adjourned to Saturday, 10 a Clock} and then adjourned

to Monday:

That Fassett and FFmson were refused on Friday, and polled on Monday:

That, at former Elections, out-living Burgesses have been polled; but put down with a Mark, to be tried upon any Question in Parliament.

That, on the other Side, to prove the Fairness of the Election, and that the Out-Burgesses had a Right to vote: for Sir Benj. Newland, were called,

Mr. Mitcham the Mayor, Doctor Speed, Mr.

Mr. Crosse: Who faitl. That the Out-Burgesses had always voted at Elections; and never knew any excepted to, but Colonel Norton-, who was excepted to by Sir Ho. Ilcnley; whereupon Colonel Norton laid. He did come to vote for Sir Robert Henln/;but, hecauie Sir Robert Hailey had excepted to him, he would vote against him, and jufrify it: which accordingly he did; and no Complaint afterwards of it: And that the Out-Burgesses choose Mayor, and other Officers, and have been ciiole themselves; and particularly Mr. BromjVdd was chosen Mayor:

That, as to the pretent Election, the Candidates agreed to go by the Poors Books; and, accordingly, the Mayor did:

That the Poll began on Friday, between Seven and Eight, and held till between Three and Four; during which Time the Mayor was not off the Bench:

That, before any Note given by he spake of the

Adjournment; and asked JFatts, How he durll give him any such Note, before the Poll w as doled ? And that One of the Clerks did say, Sir Benjamin had

carried it by Two:

That the Reason the Mayor did give for the First Adjournment was, because of the Tumn.lt; by which several, and particularly Webb, was hindered from being polled: and several were abused, particularly Bucket, who polled for the Petitioner and Sir Benjamin; and some were put down with a Quere:

That the Reason of the Adjournment on Saturday was, because it was Market-day, and the Tumult of the People then:

That, on Monday, the Out-Burgesses polled on both Sides; and, Comynsbeing struck out by Content, the Poll

was cast up, and the Numbers were,

For Sir Benj. Newland - - 182.

For Mr. Smith - - - -174.

That the Petitioner also endeavoured to justify Eleven that were refused to be polled; and, for that Purpol'e, called,

Mr. IVin. Lisle: Who said, Nathaniel Robinson w as a House-keeper, and a Freeholder; but could not lay That he paid to Church and Poor:

That Austin Talbot had paid to the Poor Four Years; and the Reason he was not on the Poors Book at the Time of the Election, as the Overseer told him, was because they kept that Money to pay for Che Books:

That Thomas Burgisslloufe was in the Preamble of the Town, and had voted for 17 Years, and paid to the Poor of the Town:

But it was proved, on the other Side, That he lived in Milbrooke Parish, and had been Constable there:

That William Guibons claimed his Vote in the Street, near to the Place of the Poll, on Saturday; but could not say, it was before the Poll was adjourned:

That Robert Comyns took a House at Midsummer last; and had paid Michaelmas Dues to the Poor:

But

170 Martii.

Civil Liti, kc.

8 W. III.

170 Martii.

5*9

But it was proved, on the other Side, That his Name thereupon, agreed unto by the Houfo; and arc as fol was put into the Poors Book, by another Hand, after the low;

Rate was made:

That Rich.Tyler is an Inhabitant, and had paid to the

Poor formerly:

That T/io. Ofdy is an Inhabitant; but fallen to Decay:

That James Edmonds pays to the Church and King's Tax:

That Win.Pigeon is an Inhabitant, and has voted

formerly: i

That Eduard Doby pays to Church, and King's Tax,

That tire Petitioner also objefited to l'everal that voted for Sir Benjamin. Neu land: And,

William Lisle said, That Anthony Poole only rented at Chamber, and his Family was removed:

But it appeared. That he was Minister of One of the Parishes of Southampton, and had a particular Apartment of the House, where he maintained his Family; and they were only removed by reason of the Small-pox, and returned before the Elefilion:

That Thomas Butler did not pay to Church and Poor:

But it was proved, on the other Side, That he was Minister of another Parish in Southampton, and excused by the Parishioners, out of Respefil to him:

That Daniel Gasse, Charles Smith, and Edward Downer, did not pay:

But it was proved, on the other Side, That all Three

were Burgesses.

That it was agreed, That there were Eleven Outliving Burgesses who had polled for Sir Acrr-

land.

That the Petitioner also infilled upon l'everal ill Practices ul'ed against him at the Election: And,

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Civil List, for the Year 1696.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the Relief of the poor French Protestants.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Ways ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Civil Lilt, for the Year 1696; and for the Relief of the poor French Protestants.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from Preventing the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Expor- Export of tation of Wool was committed, be adjourned until - 'Vo°*-day Morning next.

Sir Herbert Crofts reported, from the Committee who East India tvere appointed to audite and state the Account of the Stock and East India Company, presented tothe House, the Matters, Debt*-as they appeared to the said Committee, relating to the said Account; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same read; and is as followeth;

was

viz.

That, as to the Sum of 257,062/. 105. od. the First Article of the Debet-Side in the said Account;

The only Evidence that was produced by the Company, was, a Letter from at dated

Mr. Wm. Erie laid. That Mr. Hammond had promised the 16th January 1694; wherein he gives this Account:

to be for Mr. Smith; but Mr. Winter and Mr. Cornells went to Hammond's Wife, and threatened, if her Husband was for Mr. Smith, to turn him out of his Place.

Robert Adderly said, That Mr. Daniel Beale and Jacob Ward brought him a Letter, as they said, from Mr. Brandon, an Agent at Portsmouth; which he refused, and did not read; but they told him, it contained, That if he w ould be for Sir Ben). Norlthe Agent would take off all his Biscuit, he being a Baker, and gratify him with a Bill of 100 /. which the said Agent would take out in Bread.

Lisle said, That Mr. Scale first promised to be for Mr. Smith; but afterwards said, He could not do it, becaul'e he had been protniled to have a Servant got off that was prefl'ed; which he valued at 10 /.

That upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Which together makes

Rupees.

655 ,000. Sent home as Cargo in the Ships Defence and Resolution.

2.000. 000. The Company's old

Debt at Surrat.

180.000. Interest thereof, to January 1694.

2.835.000. And,

550.000. V alue being paid, by' the Arrival of the Ship Thomas to Surrat, to be deducted;

Then remains- - 2,285,000

which is 257,062 /, 105. od. Sterling.

Which laid Account, the said Mr. Annesley observes, That the Out-living Burgesses, as well as the Burgesses by his said Letter, to be upon his Memory:

Inhabitants, and other Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, That there has been no Entry of this made in the Com-have a Right to vote for defiling Members to serve in pany's Books; nor any_ Account from Surat since April

Parliament for the Town, and County of the Town, of

Southampton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Benjamin Norlandis duly defiled a Burgel's to serve in this present Parliament for the Town, and County of the Town, of Southampton.

The said several Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, towards the defraying the Expences of the Civil Lilt, for the Year 1696; and for the Relief of the poor French Protestants; the Resolutions of the said Committee: which they had direfited him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put Voju XL

1687, by reason of the Lois of their Ships:

That there is 14 Months Interest more due, at 9 Cent.-, amounting to 28,158/. 2 10

That, as to the Sum of 817,127 /. 35. 7 That 282,572 /. 15. Sd. lately taken up upon Bottomree, is included in the said Sum; and was paid in at 80/.; and have Credit for 100l.; and the Company allow 61. per Cent, running Interest, thereupon:

That Mr. Beyer, and Mr. Portman, the Company's Accountant, and Treasurer, affirmed, That this is all the Debts whatsoever the Company owe in England.

That, as to the Sum of 24,000l.;

It appeared tobe Int^eftof the said 817,127/. 3s. 7 for Six Months.

That, as to the Sum of 7,52 2 / 155. 4d.

It appeared to be due for Customs to the 10th September 1696.

That, as to the Sum of 5,269/. 05. o d.;

It appeared to be for Freight of Ships, not made up j and That by Computation only.

Upon

1

East India Stock and Debts,

520

17® Martin A. 1695-

Upon the Credit-Side of the said Account:

That, as to the Sum of 8,212/. 10$. o;

It appeared, by Letter in November 1694, to be a Debt from the Mogull, for Goods seized by his Governor

at Surrat, in the late War, in the Year 1687.. '

That, as to the Sum of 13,440 /. od.;

It appeared likewise, by Letter from Mr. at

Gambroone, in Persia, dated 14 December 1694, That it was for Cloth fold there upon the Company's Account; but that this is carried to no Account in any of the Company's Books here in England.

That, as to the Sum of 64,748/. 2s. 1 id. given in for (a) [good] Debts, at Surrat, and the subordinate Factories;

That, as to the Sum of 271,885/. 15 s. 10 being 50 per Centum more Advance upon the said Goods;

It is demanded by the Company, upon Account of Interest, Insurance, and Advance of Goods, in and

that they have Advice but of 11 of their 15 Ships being arrived there; but value the 50per Cent, as though they were all arrived, and veiled to be shipped back for England.

That, as to the Sum of 370,000l. given in for the Value of all their Forts, Factories, and Buildings;

It appeared, That Gambroone, and all other the Forts and Factories, that were transferred by the old Company to this Company, were valued to them but at 20,0001.; and though this Company have acquired some Forts since, yet they have loft more of their old Purchase.

It appeared to be for Land, Guns, Ammunition, Provisions, Household-ftuff, and Remains of Stock, brought down from Book to Book from the Beginning of the Establishment of the said Factories.

That, as to the Sum of 70,652/. 15s. od. given in for good Debts at Fort St. George, and the subordinate Factories;

It appeared to be for Lands, Guns, Ammunition, Provisions, Houshold-stuff, and Remains of Stock, brought dow n from Book to Book from the Beginning of the Establishment of the said Factories.

That, as to the Sum of 108,600l. 7 Gd. given in for good Debts at the Bay of Bengali, and the subordinate Factories;

It appeared to be for Lands, Guns, Ammunition, Provisions, Houshold-stuff, and Remains of Stock, brought down from Book to Book from the Beginning of the Establishment of the said Factories.

That, as to the Sum of 721 /. 45. od.;

It appeared to be for Guns, Stoics, and Houshold-ltuff, for the Factory of St.llellena.

That, as to the Sum of 3,333/' 6s. 8.v. per Ann.;

It appeared to be a Revenue of 1,000 Tomands a Year, paid by the King of Persia's Custom Officer, by Agreement with the English, for their assisting him against the

Portugucze; and Mr. Beyer afiirmed to have known it paid-for 20 Years Lift pall.

That, as to the Sum of 9,002/. per Annum, given in for the Revenue of Fort St.;

It appeared to be by several Impositions raised upon the People, most of them within 6 Years palt, granted by a Fermaund from the King of obtained by the

Natives, at the lultance of the Company, for the English Nation in general; and that the Revenue does not defray the Charge of the said Fort.

That, as to the Sum of 9,538 Annum, given in for the Revenue of Bombay;

It appeared to arise from several Impositions raised upon the People, within Six Years last past; which Revenue does not defray the Charge of the Place.

That, as to the Sum of 3,948/. given in for the Revenue of Fort St. David's;

It appeared to arise by Customs, Ground-rents, and Licences of Punch-houses; and had been in Possession of the said Fort Two Years, when the last Account came away in September 1693; which Revenue does not defray the Charge of the said Fort; and that the said Fort coll the Company 13,000l.

As to the Sum of 543,771 /. 11 s. 8 for the Cargo of the 15 Ships;

It appeared, by their Invoice, to be the prime Cost of their Gobds; Customs, and all petty Charges thereupon, being included therein.

That, as to the Sum of 27,1 S8 11s. 7 being 5per Centum, Contingency upon the said Goods;

It is demanded by the Company, upon the Account of Warehouses, Servants Wages, and Houl'e-keeping.

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

That as to the Sum of 239,588/. 17 3 Cargo of

5 Ships;

It appeared, by their Invoice, to be the prime Colt of their Goods; Customs, and all petty Charges thereupon, included therein.

That, as to the Sum of 11,979 /. o to being 5 per Cent. Contingencies upon the said Goods;

It is demanded by the Company upon Account of Warehouses, Servants Wages, and House-keeping.

That, as to the Sum of 16,436 /. u. 1 It appeared to be paid for the Company's Parts in the

7 Ships following;

In the King William, -f Part

Fleet Frigate, x Part, Russel Frigate, T\ths, East India Merchant,

v

ths, -

3,8.50

1,480

L525

2,750

s.

8

19

15

d.

8

7

Madrass Frigate, 4, The Sedstcick, whole,

Sidney, -i,

828 17 10

- 1,650 ——

- 350 ——

- 4,000 ——

£. 16,436 1 1

That, as to the Sum of 31,560/. 6$. for Imprest; It appeared to be Money advanced according to the Contrail, by their Charter-parties.

That, as to the Sum of 9,600 /. for Leases and Buildings in London; viz. £. s. d.

The Lease of the East India House 2,000 -

Warehouse in Back-yard - - 1,200 ——

Warehouse in St. HeUens - - 6,000 ——

Exchange Cellar Lease - - 200 ——

I- 9,400 ——

It appeared to be over-charged.

That, as to the Sum of 23,576/. 6s.

England; viz.

By Sir Thomas Cooke - Ditto, repaid by Mr. Bates By 3d. per Pound on Pepper By Mr. John Cooke - Mr. Skinner, Taxes - Mr. Long -

Mr. Smith -

Mr. Tamil -

Mr. Lexis -

Advanced to pay Seamen -

11 d. Debts in

C

- 6,298 13 6

- 5-500 ——

- 1,464 5 9

- 1,800 ——

- 2,700 ——

2,768 ——

200 — — 126 19 4

1,018 18 4

- 1,700 — —

£ 23,576 16 11

Few of the said Debts appeared to be good.

That, as to the Sum of 61,532/. os. od. in Calli; Mr. Portman, the Treasurer, ottered to make Oath of

the lame, That most of it was in Guineas at 30 s.

That, as to the Sum of 72,179 /. 7.5'. ] 1 d. for Goods flopped, and to be flapped; appeared, by the Invoice to be the prime C oft of

their

8 W. Iir. if — Marti. 531

their Goods, in oft of them bow on board the Company's And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in Ships in the River. the Speaker's Chamber.

That, as to the Sum of 3,608/. or. 0 being 5 Cent. Contingencies upon the said Goods j ' It is demanded by the Company, upon the Account of Warehouses, Servants Wages, and House-keeping.

But this, and the aforesaid Articles of Contingencies, are not allowed in Merchants Accounts.

That, as to the Sum of 5,3.90/. Remains of Goods in the Company's Warehouse j -

It appeared to be, By Two Pieces of Tan- jeebs valued at J *5°

And, By Saltpetre valued at - - 5,040

5,39

As to the Sam of 112,074/. M*. Stock, belonging to the general Adventurers;

It does not appear, that this Stock, at present, can be accounted of Value; but may hereafter produce something, if the said Stock be (old for more than it ooft the Company.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to the East Indies is committed.

Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom Wagrtaffe'* the ingrafted Bill, from the IxmJs, intituled, An Act to Ellate* enable Sir Thomas Wagstaffe Knighttoraile and secure a

Portion for Frances, Iris only Daughter) and Heir-apparent,

was committed. That they had examined and considered the fame; and made (bme Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 9, leave out " Southwark," and iufert " wick.'

Pr. 5. L. 13. after "Whereas," insert "the said Sir " Thom. Wags! of ft has covenanted and agreed to make a " good and sufficient Recompence and Satisfaction for the * Premises Ihc."

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Daw-Con'* for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Bauson Esquire E<Iat*‘ in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and for a Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocklingtondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendments.

EnglishE.I. Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for suppressing Hawker.

in" next> rdolve illto a Committee of the whole Haw kers and Pedlars be read the Third time upon Friday «»d Pedlar*. Callii-oes, A-c. House, to consider further of the Bill for fetding and Morning next, regulating the Trade to the East Indies;and of the Bill

for restraining the Wearing of all wrought Silks, Bengals, An ingrafted Bill for the more easy Recovery of Ser- Servants and dyed, printed, or stained, Callicoes, imported into the Vants Wages was read the Third time. Wage*.

Kingdom of England, and the Plantations belonging the re- An inarofled Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks.

unto, of the Product and Manufacture of Persia, and the East-1naies.

And then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 18* Martii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Ducfaefs of A N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Buccleuch's, J~\ for in 1 powering the Most Noble Ann Duchels of c. tate. Bucclauh, and the Right Honourable James Earl of Dalkeith, her Son, of the Kingdom of to grant

Leases for improving a Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was read the Pirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ridoot* An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Eitaie. for the Sale of Lands in in the County of

Somerset, Part of the Estate of Christopher Ridout, an Infant, for Payment of Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the Residue of the said Estate for the Infant; was read a Second time.

Resellrd, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pocklitiglon, Mr. Serjeant Coward, Sir Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Granville, Lord Mr. Lasse/ls,

Air. Hedger, Mr. Lamhton, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir Eduard Abney, Mr. Taylor, Sir John Botles, Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Day, Sir Alarm. Wivell, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Gardiner, Mr. loxtihei', Mr. , Mr. Hoare, Mr.

Yates, Mr. Paget, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Ashby, Mr. White, Mr. Bagrnld, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Moore, Mr. Bremen, Sir Sa. Barnardiston, Sir John Buck-nail, Mr. B/oJeild, Mr. Bromley, Sir Fra. Mr.

Clarke, Mr. Venables, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Phillips: Vol. XL

That no hired Servant shall gain any Settlement in the Parish wherein they are hired, unless they shall continue in such Service for One Year, or more:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more ealy Recovery of Servants Wages; and for determining Differences between Masters and Servants.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence there-unto.

A Petition of Nathaniel Hill, John and InlhAnwa,

other poor Troopers, w ho served in the W'ars in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, by Order of the House, the Lord and Mr.

Fox have brought in their Report, concerning the Petit tioners Irish Arrears: And praying the House to take tho

said Report into Consideratiod; and that they may bq paid the Arrears due to them.

"Whereupon, Mr. Fox presented to the House an Account, in Writing, signed by the Lord Coningsby and himself, pursuant to the Direction of the House, upon a former Petition presented to the House by the said Troopers:

THAT they had perused the said Petition; and do humbly inform this House, That, loon after the Reducing of Ireland, his Majesty did cause several Regiments to be brought from thence; and gave Directions for the Stating of all their. Accounts, to the lft of Aprif 1692: Which being accordingly done, there did appear to be due to this Regiment, then commanded by Brigadier Villiers, and -bow under the command of Brigadier

6 R,

Courts of Equity.

Supply Bill; Salt Duties and Land Bank.

Supply Bill; House Duty.

52?

1

Leveson, the Sum of ' In Part of which, there has been-!; paid - - - J

18d — 190 Martii.

5.555

s.

8

d.

n

3,333 5. —

So that there still remains due,"I to clear them to the lit off 2,222 3 7$

April 1692 - J

And although the Petitioners may probably have a just Right to the Sums against each of their Names expressed in the annexed Schedule; yet it is impossible for any but the Officer that received the Money, hr those he employed in the paying of it out, to make a just Distribution of it: And it is only from such an Account that the Petitioners Pretensions can be ascertained dr comptrolled.

Cha.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petitions be referred to a Committee:' And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir JVm. Hustler, Mr. Sh acker ley, Sir Gerv. Elices, Mr. Molcsworth, Sir John Bodes, Mr. For, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Frewen, Lord Corn bury. Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. White, Mr. Mr. Arnold,

Air. Stonehouse, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mr. Manley, Sir

Johji Austin, Sir Mar. IVivell, Mr. Chadwick, Sir God-fry Copley, Sir John Kay, Sir , Mr. Moyle,

Air. Palmes, Sir Rozcl. Gwyn, Sir William Mr. Yates, Sir Hen. Colt,' Sir Hen. Mr. Brotherton, Colonel Godfrey, Air, Monsoh, Mr. Bfaihrcaite: And! they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Proceedings in Courts of Equity be read a Second time upon Friday Alorning next. ....

A Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against;

and for taking oft the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Goals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of tire whole House.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do restrain the Bank not to lend Aloney but upon Land-Security, or to the Government into the Exchequer.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn* mittee, That they do receive a Clause, That, if the Aloney do not come in by a certain time, his Majesty be enabled to borrow the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Alorning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the

Day, repotted, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting several Rates, or Duties, upon Houses, for supplying tire Deficiency of the clipped Aloney, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments made at the Table, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That such Dw elling-houses as are inhabited by Persons that are not rated to Church and Poor, shall be taken as Cottages:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the I. ill.

- Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against the Currency of clipped Money:

1695.

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause, of Credit, was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled Up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause of Appropriation was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to charge any poor Cottage; with a Blank for the yearly Value:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

' It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the Receivers shall account, upon Oath, to the Auditors of the Imprest, for the Alonies by them received, and paid, by virtue of the Act:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means, House, to consider of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Civil List, for the Year 1696; and for the Relief of the poor French Protestants.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Supply Bill; additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchan- '

dizes, be committed to the same Committee. Goods.

Ordered, That the Bill for requiring the Praftifers of Praftifenof the Law to take the Oaths to his Majesty be read a Se- I-aw 10 ote

F!

Ti

cond time Tomorrow Alorning.

Oaths,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 19* die Martii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Durhtfsof for impowering the Aloft Noble Ann Duchels of Bucclrudi's, Buccleuch, and the Right Honourable James Earl of &c'tUate' keith, her Son, of the Kingdom of Scotland, to grant Leases for improving a Piece of Ground in the Pari fit of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air.

Sir Math.Andrews, Sir Jos. Tily, Sir God fry Copley, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Hare Mr. Serjeant

Bond, Lord Hide, Mr. Whitaker, Lord Air.

Henley, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Adam Felton, Mr.

Air. Heveningham, Sir John Bollcs, Mr. Felton, Sir John Kay, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Onslow, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Mann.Wivell, Mr. Yates, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir De-

lavall, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

Newport, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Edw. Sir

Masham, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dolbin, Mr. Robinson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Au ingrafted Bill for the Erecting of Hoi'pitals and Briftoll Hof-Work-houses within the City of Br is toll, for the better piuls,&:c. employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Erecting of Hospitals and Work-houfts within the City of Bristoll, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

Ordered,

8 w. m.

19" Marta.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaake do carry the Bill to Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

the

tyagftaffe's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable Sir T/10. JVagstaffe Knight to raise and secure a Portion for Frances, his only Daughter, and Heir-apparent, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass, with the Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed tQthe fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

plantation

Trade.

Expiring

haws.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, was read the Third time.

tinue, and be in force, for Three Years, from the 2,7th Day of March 1G03, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; be continued.

llesolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Abuses in printing leditious, treasonable, and unlicensed Books and Pamphlets; and for regulating of Printing, and Printing-Prelies; which was, by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James, revived and continued, from the 24th Day of June 16S5, lor Seven Years; which said Act was revived and continued by an Act, made in the 4th and ,5th Years of the Reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining, several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired, and near ex-

And several Amendments being proposed to be made; pinng, for the Space of One Year, from the 13th Day of r/-. February 1692, and from thence to the End 01 the then

next Session of Parliament; and which is since expired j be revived.

The First Four of the said Resolutions,'being severally

Pr. last but One, L. last, to leave out " ,"and

insert " December;" and to leave out " One Moiety,' and inlert " Three Fourths, without Composition and to leave out " Fourth

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Chadwick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Brothert on reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inspect what Laws are near expiring, and fit to be continued, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he rend in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 20th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for giving 'Liberty to buy and export Leather and Skins tanned and -drefi'ed; which Act was revived by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James; which Acts were revived and continued by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King and the late

Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving Two former

Acts, for Exporting of Leather, for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the First Session of Parliament then next enfoing; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 1 (5th and 17th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Measures and Prices of Coals; which Act w as revived and continued by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving a former Act for regulating the Measures and Price of Coals, from the First Day of December 1690, for the Space-01 Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the First Session of Parliament then next following; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ‘ That an Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Discovery of Judgments in the Courts of King's-Bench, Common-Pleas, and Exchequer, at IV minster;which Act was continued by an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the said King and late Queen, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, for One Year, from the 23th Day of March 1694, and from thence to the End of tire then next Session of Parliament; be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for regulating Proceedings in the Crown-Office of the Court of King's Bench at Westminster; which was to con-Vol. XI. 16

read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The lait Rclblution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Abuses in printing seditious, treasonable, and unlicensed. Books and Pamphlets; and for Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Prelies; which was, by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James, revived and continued, from the 24th Day of June 1685, for Seven Years; which said Act was revived and continued by an Act, made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of King William and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving,

continuing,

and explaining, several

Laws therein mentioned, which are expired, and near expiring, for the Space of One Year, from the 13th Day of February 1692, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which is since expired; be revived;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions agreed unto by the House: And that Mr, Serjeant Bond, Mr. Brewer, and Mr. Brothert on, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A

virtue

Petition of the Seven hundred Persons licensed, by Regulating 3 of a late Act of Parliament, to drive, or iett to Coadomen

Hire, Hackney Coaches, and Coach-IIorfes, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That *,

A Petition of divers Citizens of the City of London, London Slie-behalf of themselves, and many other Citizens of the riffs Election. said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Prescription, and immemorial Usage, thfe said Citizens have enjoyed the Liberty of electing their Sheriffs; which Liberty hath been confirmed by many Charters, and Acts of Parliament; but, for some Years last palt, the Petitioners have been defeated in their Elec* tions; the Court of Aldermen having discharged those that were duly chosen for the Lucre of their Fines; and new and partial Elections have been carried on by an inferior Number of the Common Hall, while the major Part have adhered to their former due Elef tion; whereby the Right of a Common Hall to make a free Election of Sheriffs is become of none Efteft, as they conceive: And praying such Relief against the said Grievance, as the House shall think fit.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejefte d

Ordered, That Air. Worsley have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for requiring the Praftifers of the Law to take Pwflifers of

jjie Law to tike

Leave of A bience.

Oaths.

5*4

19* — 20" Martiu

A. 1695.

the Oaths to his Majesty wag, according to Order, read a Refo That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Prohibiting Second time. next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, India Silks,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Moyle, to consider of the Bill for restraining the Wearing of all Callicue*,&c' Sir John Kay, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. wrought Silks, Bengals, and dyed, printed, or itained,

Clarke, Mr. Shane, Sir God fry Copley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Callicoes. imported into the Kingdom of ami

- - - - - the Plantations belonging the reunto, of the Product and

Manufacture of Persia, and the East Indies.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- EngliOi Fail next, relblve itself into a Committee of the w hole I >du Com-House, to consider further, of the Kill for settling and pani*

tng

Phillipps, Mr. Foley, Doctor Oxenden, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Heveningham, Lord Hartington, Mr. Newport, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Colt, Mr. Frerwen, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Monstevens, Sir Win.Lowther, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Monson, Mr. White, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Lowther,

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bickerstaff, Sir Rowland Gioyn, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Moun- regulating the Trade to the East Indies, tague, Mr. Thornhagh, Colonel Granville, Mr. Freke,

Mr. Travers, Mr. Lasselks, Sir Harry Hobart, Sir Rich.

Sand ford, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Blaake, Sir Henry Colt:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That all the Members that are of the Long Robe be of the Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Bank of England.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in a General Court afi'embled, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners,

Leave of

A bfence.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Bringing cceded. to take into Consideration the Report from the t01)4 Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for eu- coined* couraging the bringing of Plate into the Mint, to be coined, was committed:

And the Firli Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be re-committed, upon the Debate of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

And that Amendment, and the Residue of the said

being incorporated by their Majesties Royal Charter, in Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, pursuance of an Act of Parliament, did, in Confidence of upon the Question severally put thereupon, with lbme the publick Faith, advance to their Majesties the Sum of other Amendments, agreed unto by the House. 1,200,000l. upon the Fund of the Tonage-Act; which A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Fund, they are informed, is designed to be taken away the Act shall not extend to prohibit the Exportation of from the Petitioners, without making a sufficient Provision, such Bullion as shall be hcenled by his Majesty, lor the as they apprehend, in lieu thereof: And, praying, That they Payment of the Army, l'o as the same do not exceed may lie heard, by their Counsel, in Defence of their Rights. 200,000 /.:

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom Blanks were filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and put thereupon, agreed unto by the lloule to be made Part Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France; of the Bill, and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank; That whosoever shall take clipped Money, contrary to an is committed: And that they do hear the Petitioners, by Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin of the King-their Counsel, upon the said Petition. dom, shall forfeit double the Value thereof:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Ordered, That Sir Robert Smith have Leave to go into Blanks were filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question

Irish Arrears.

the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, Thi?t Mr. Braver have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the subaltern Officers and Troopers of his Grace the Duke of Scombergh's Regiment of Horse was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That about Three Years since, the Treasury paid to Mr. Moly-neux.Agent for the said Regiment, what Arrears were due to the said Regiment to the Last of December 1691; but Mr. Molyneuxrefufes to pay the Petitioners to that Time,

though there is due to them above 4,0001.: That the said Agent, being a Woollen-draper, undertook to cloathe the said Regiment; and put off his Cloathsat such unrear fonablePrices, that he exceeded the Off-reckonings; and unjustly detains above 3,000l. of the Subalterns Money, which is now due te them, for the Payment thereof: That the Petitioners have fully proved the said Matters before the Commissioners of Accounts: That the Petitioners are not able to prosecute the said Agent, at Law, for their said Dues: And praying, That the House will order the Petitioners some speedy Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Nathaniel Hill, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter

Committe

put thereupon, agreed untp by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause being offered, about the settling the Price of Guineas;

The Clause was read the First time.

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Clause be adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 20° die;

8* Gulielmi TertiL

Prayers.

ABILL for the settling and regulating the Trade to African Africa was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the De-

sk

Company

bate of the House, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn? ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company do, upon J\lomlay Morning next, lay before this House an Account and report the fame, with their of the real Value of their Stock, together with their Debts.

Preventing

Opinion therein, to the House.

The Petition of the Merchants of Plymouth, trading to, Ditte, Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report and interested in, the Plantations of Virginia and Mary-from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the preventing landwhich was formerly presented to the House, and lay El'capes, and better Security and Relief of Creditors, was on the Table, waa, according to Order, read; setting committed, be further adjourned until Monday Morning forth, That the Improvements would soon increase in the next. Plantations

8 W. III.

20° Martii.

5*S

Plantations, if they were faflScieeUy foppJied with Negroes, where they could make twice © much Tobacco io a Year as now they do, every Negro© making as much as win pay 30 or 40/. Custpm yearly to the King; so that then they could supply the Dtdch and other Nations, at much cheaper hates than they can afford to make it; whereby their Trade of Planting mult fall of course, and the Use of our Shipping more incraafed: Tlmt the African Company have been lb far from supplying the said Plantations with Negroes, for Twenty Years palt, that they have made it their fWinels to influence the Men of War lent thither, to flop and feiae all such Ships as carry Negroes thither: And praying, That the Subjects of may have

Liberty to purchase Negroes from Acra to Angola, without any Interruption.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Vivian have Leave to go into the of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. ence*

Ordered, That Mr. Denton have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant so Wicomb the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, cleft ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of // '/comb, in the County of in the

room of fkorrtas Lewis Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Dill for preventing Papists from dif" Papists inheriting their Protestartt Heirs be read a Second time Hroustant

Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Heirs.

Committees*

Elections — Irregularities of Returning Officers.

Fines of ancient Demelne Lands.

(Sawyer's

Estate.

Sandy*

Lffiate.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hojkins, and Sir Richard Ho ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, an Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers in the electing and returning Inch Members, with Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House: AUo,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for proclaiming, and making effectual, Fines levied of ancient Hemefne Lands, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

They have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell a Messuage, Gardeu, and Outhouse, in Lincoln's-Inn Fields, late of Sir Robert Sawyer Knight, deceased; and for Purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to be settled to the same Use*: Also,

They have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Moiety of the Manor of Shepton-Mallelt, in the County of So-

ma set, and a divided Moiety of the Manor of Wells, in the said County in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of a Mortgage charged thereon; and formatting a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wife erf Esquire, and her Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Bushy Mansell have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, upon extraordineiy Occasions. Absence.

The House, according to the Order of Yesterday, pro- Bringing ceeded in the further Consideration of the Clause about P1.a,e 10 k® settling the Price of Guineas: coined.

And the Clause was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Blank be filled up with " 25s.;"

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr iellers lor the 1 eas, JS]> FJ

Tellers for the Noes^jj Hm' Hobart>

167.

J 163.

146.

155*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ffoekers and JPediars.*

An ingrafted Bill for suppressing Hawkers and Pedlars was, according to Order, read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 1. L. *, to leave out "24th of June" and to insert " 29th " of September

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for suppressing Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ordered, That the Lord Combury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Courts of A Bill for regulating Proceedings io Courts of Equity Equity. was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That die Bill be committed to Mr. Bofaaeen,

Lord Corttbury, Mr. Sham, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Mr. Frewen, Mr. Manley, Sir Twisden, Sir 6m

Hungerford, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Dowdswell, __________

JSir John Kay, Mr. Henley, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Gardner,. ny0ffech Mr. Jacob, Mr. Blew Ice, Mr Sir Robert Dovers, ®

Mr. Northmore, Sir RowL GSir Abney, Mr. Cornwallis, Serjeant Coward, Sir Phi. Butler, Sir John Bo lie i1, Sir Tha. Hussey, Serjeant Bond, Mr.. Moore; and all that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet thisr ' Afternoon, at Five, a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

You XL

Sir Wm. Scawen.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle, for U,eYe.Sf

Tell., for

So it passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall keep a Flatting-mil), but what shall be appointed, in some publick Place, by the Wardens of the Goldsmiths Company:

And the Clause was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read1 a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That any Receiver*General may receive by way of Loan' to his Majesty, any Sum of clipped Money, and give at Certificate for the feme; upon Delivery whereof into the Exchequer, such Person shall have a Tally struck for the Sum so lent, with Interest:

And the feme was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered so be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to Two Presses, used only for the Stamping of Pewter, at Wigan in Lancashire; lo‘ as the same be set, and used, in feme publick Place;

And the feme was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read' a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

And thep the House, upon the Question, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning; Nine a Clock.

Zi° Ma

A. 1695*

Sabbati, 21* die 8* Gulielrai Tertiu

Prayers.

Heron's A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ei'ute. Jx. to enable Sir Charles Heron Baronet to fell Lands for Payment of a Portion, and Debts, was read the Third time.

And fotne Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. L* 8. after " to insert " with

" which the said Manors, Lands, and Premises, in the " Hands of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof are to " (land charged, until Payment thereof to the said .1 " beth Heron, Daughter of the said Cuthbert Heron, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said

u O

" Settlement and Decree

Pr. last, L. 22. after " Son," insert "except as to " the Charge of her Portion and Maintenance, as aforesaid:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put < thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Poullney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Highway Mr. Richard Mountague, according to Order, presented La'vs‘ to the House a Bill for the better Explanation of an Act, of the 22th Year of King Charles the Second, for better Repairing of Highways.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a. Second time.

A Mcf)u<*e from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Rills:

Mr. Speaker,

Ecclesiastical The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Courts. the better Regulating of Proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Courts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

Wagftaffe's . They have agreed to the Amendments, made by this

Elute. House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir

Thomas WagstaffeKnight to raise and secure a Portion for Francis, his only Daughter, and Heir-apparent.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

was not suffered to depart, till the Convoy was gone; ttnd then, coming alone, llie was retaken by the French; whereby they lolt both Ship and Goods.

The Counsel for the Petitioners insisted, That, by the late Act of Parliament for Encouragement of Privateers, the Commissioners had no Power to stop any Prize in the Kingdom of Ireland', but expressy enacts, That all Prizes shall be brought to England, and there con* demned.

That, on behalf of the Commissioners,

The Commissioners of Prizes, being present, with their Counsel, did admit the Allegations, contained in the said Petition to be true; but, as to their Agent's offering to discharge the Prize, upon giving him any Gratuity, they do not admit:

They say, All the Dispatch imaginable was given by them for discharging the said Prize; and that it was not in their Power to do more than they did:

That it was through the Default of the Petitioners, that the said Prize was taken; for, if they would have applied themselves to the Com*t of Admiralty, they might have had the Prize discharged sooner 1

That, as to their Agent's refuting to take Bail, for the said Prize, they say, That he had no Power lb to do; nor even the Commissioners themselves have any Power to take Bail for any Prizes.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Stopping the Ship St. Jladen with Fiilij which was taken by the Betty Frigate, upon the Banks of Newfoundland, and droven iutoC'ovA, by Stress of Weather, and there detained by Mr. Beds ford, Agent to the Com--missioners of the Prizes; was illegal; and against the Purport of an Act, made in the 4th and 5th Years of the Reign of King William, and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Brotherton, according to Order, presented to the Expiring

Hoafe a Bill for continuing several Acts therein mentioned.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Detention Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee, to whom

of Betty the Consideration of the Petition of several Merchants of

rugate. |jie Qj^y of BristolI, Owners of the Betty Frigate, was re-

ferred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Petitioners did obtain a Commission, from the Lords of the Admiralty to take Prizes:

That, pursuant thereunto, the Captain of the said Betty Frigate did take a French Prize, laden with Fith, upon the Banks of Natfoundland; and sent her for Bristoll But it happened, that, by a great Storm in her Passage, Ibe was forced into Cork, in Ireland', where the said Prize was stopped by Mr. Bedford, an Agent to the Commissioners of Prizes, for the King's Share of the said Prize.

That the Petitioners did allege, That they offered to give Security for making good the said Prize, having then an Opportunity of fending her away under a Convoy;

' but no Security would be taken, the said Bedsford telling

them, He had no Power to take Security; but yet offered to let the said Prize go, if they would give him a considerable Gratuity.

The Petitioners further alleged, That the said Prize

A Bill to prevent Papists from dilinheriting their Pro- Papists testant Heirs was, according to Order, read a Second Pn»«ft«ui time. r Hwfc

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Clark, Mr. Staines, Colonel Webb, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Burrington, Mr. Sand ford. Lord

Cornbury, Mr. Moncton, Mr. T Lord Fairfax, Mr. Heveninghum, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Low-

ther, Mr. Tily, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Newport, Mr Ryder, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Foley, Sir Henry llohart, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Sloan, Mr. Arnold, Sir Walter Young, Sir Wm.Hustler, Mr. Borwyer, Sir John Kay, Sir Edward Ernley, Sir Fra. Masham, Colonel Gram-ill, Mr.

Mr. Sayers, Mr. Baldzcyn, Mr. Mr.

Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Brent, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Gardiner, Mr. Serjeant Coward, Sir It in B/aeket, Mr.

Blofeild, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Serjeant H ogan, Mr, Winington, Mr. Travers, Mr. Sir Edward

Seymour, Mr. Colt, Sir Scroop How, Sir Cha. Raleigh,

Mr. How, Mr. G 'cry, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bhutke, Sir lien,

Hobart, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. White, Kir. Cooper, Mr. lloiire,

Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Gerv. Elit es, Mr, Bagnold, Sir Richard Sandjord: And they are to meet thisAfternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, Ordered, That it be an Inl'trustion to the said Committee, That they do take care to prevent Papists from being Guardians to Children, or Executors in Trust.

A Petition

8 W. III.

21* — 33° Martii.

Papists Pro. A Petition of Arabella Thompson, Widow of Francis ttflant Heir* Thompson, late of Humbkton, in the County of York, Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner conceives, that a Bill, lately brought into the House, intituled, A Bill to prevent Papists dilinheriting their Protestant Ileirs, will greatly prejudice the Petitioner, if it should pals into an Act: And praying, That the may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass this House.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Sopply Bill; Salt Duties and l^ind-Bank.

Leav* of Absence.

Preventing Export of Wool.

Ways and Weans.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying bn the War against France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishinga National Land-Bank.

Ordered, That Sir St. Andrew St. John have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery ol Ins Health.

527

J Buccleuch, and the Right Honourable Jama Earl of Dalkeith her Son, of the Kingdom of foot land, to grant Leases for improving a Piece of Ground in the Parish of St.Martin's in the Fields, in the county of ,

was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments j And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the better Explanation of an Act, of the 22th Highway Year of King Charles the Second, for better Repairing of La'v,> Highways, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Lasse/ls, Sir Mar. Wivell, Mr. Moore, Mr. Montague, Sir Robert

Dovers, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. England, Mr. Shakerly, Mr.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro-

ceeded to take into Consideration the Hej >1 >rt from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Exportation of Wool was committed;

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were read.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, as to the Ports, by adding " Exeter and Plymouth

And the Question being put, That those Ports be added;

It passed in the Negative.

All'o Clause A was amended....

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That *

And the same w'as once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read t Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against carrying Wool to Jersey:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And feme other Amendments were made to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expellees of the Civil List, for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-six; and for the Relief of the poor French Protestants.

Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sir

Hobart,.. . Bagnold, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Burdet, Mr. t Stoke#, Mr. Slater, Colonel Perry, Sir John Key, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Paget, Mr. Holmes, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Frewen, Mr.

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Sandjord, Sir Wm. Lou ther, Mr. Brmcnlow, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Serjeant Cauard, Sir Biddulph: And they are tefmeet this Afternoon at Five

a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive Clauses, for the better Explanation of the Act, made in the 3d and 4th Years of His Majesty's Reign, lor the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods; and making the same more effectual, either in relptft of the Highways,

Goods.

or Carriage of

The House being informed, That the Royal African AfricanCoro-Company attended, according to Order; - l,a*J7 ® 'loe*

They were called in: And Mr. Yard, their Account- an ebt*‘ ant, presented to the House an Account of the real Value of their Stock, and of their Debts.

And then they withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Encouragement Kingdom

was

An ingrossed Bill for the Woollen Manufactures of this Third time.

And the Question being put. That the Bill do pass; It passed in the Negative.

of the Woollen 1 fa-read the nufatture*.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Englifti End- Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning India Com- next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, I>aDJr' to consider further of the Bill for settling, and regulating th c East India Trade; to be proceeded upon, after the

Bill for restraining the Wearing of all YVrought Silks, ilengals, and dyed, printed, or liained, Callicoes, imported into the Kingdom of England, and the Plantations thereunto belonging, of the Product and Manufacture of Persia, and the East-Iruiies.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Carts apply-whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Carmen of ing for Hire, the City of London was referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Encourage-next, take into Consideration the Amendments made by ment of the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing Envateen. the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 23° Martii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Duchess of A IfR Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom Buccleuch's, 1VJ. the ingrossed Bill, frong the Lords, intituled, An &c. Estate. for impowering the Most Noble Ann, Duchels of

Vox- XL ....

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Preventing ceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Escapes. Committee, to whom the Bill for the preventing Escapes; and better Security and Relief of Creditors; was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questka/icverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That no Person flrnll be held to Bail, by Process

out

5^8 Martii. - A. 1695,

Wt of a*ty inferior Court, unlfts the Debt, or Damages, amounts to 5/,; but the Defendant's Appearance, by fodq rfing fych Process, shall he accepted:

And the feme was twice read; and the Blanks filled up: And the Question being put, That the Cfoufe he made J*art of the Bill; i Jtiffed in the Negative.

Then the Question being pot, that the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

The House divided.

The Yens go forth,

Wta to to {*££-, }79.

Tellers for the Noe^{sir; } +3'

So it was resolved in the A formative.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the said Committee,

That they had heard the Counsel for the Bank of England, upon their Petition, the Consideration whereof was referred to the said Committee; and had made some Progress in the said Bill; and bad directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ing next, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committets,

And then die House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Tlieft, &c. on

Northern

Borders.

Wimondham

lloads.

Stretton, &c. Pantiles.

Supply Bill; lioule Duty.

W' fi Aoteuvs-

; A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Meredith?

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue pour former Acts for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, without any Amendments:

And also, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between IVimondham and , in

the County of Norfolk, without any Amendments:

And also, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making the Towns of SfreHonand Prince-Tho a separate Parish

fooip Woolston, io the County of with some

Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of tfria Hqujb.

And then the Melfcnggrs withdrew.

An ingrafted Bid for granting several Rates, or Duties, upon. Houses, for fopplyfog the Deficiency of tlui clipped Money, was Bead the Tim'd time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made Pr. 6. L , by inferring " or within 40 Days alter

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do-pass: And that the Title Li, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates, or Duties, upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the dipped Money.

Ordered, That Sir Tha. Littleton dq carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire theyr Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Tho.Mompcsson have Leave to go

into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Martis, 24* die Martii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

MR. Sloan reported from the Committee, to whom GrtatQuwo* the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An street Efauij, Act for the better Improvement of a House and Grounds in Great Queen-street, was committed, That they had examined and considered the feme; and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. \. L. 7. and 8th, I^ave out " die Inheritance," and insert " Part of the Estate and, after " Esquire," insert " for his Life; Remainder to his First Son, and the " Heirs Male of the Body of such First Son; Remainder " to all and every his other Sons in Tail Male; Remainder to his Brother Francis Seymour, and his Ififue, ill " Fail Male; Remainder to the right Heirs of Edward " Eart of Conway, deceased, according to the last Will " of the said Edward Earl of Conway." L. 11. Leave out " or other wile."

L. 15. Leave out " disposing," and insert " leafing."

L. 16. Leave out " their," and insert " the and, after " Good," insert " of the Persons interested in the Premises."

At the End of the Bill add a general Saving, except to '

the Persons claiming under die Will of the said Earl of Conway.

Salt Duties. A Petition of Evan on behalf of himself and

others, Proprietors in Salt-works, in the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are dilaWed from, making Salt, to the Advantage of his Majesty's Revenue, by reason of a. Clause, in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of his now Majesty and the late Queen, for granting certain Duties upon Salt, whereby the County of Chester arc allowed to fell Salt by Weight; but the Petitioners ' are, by the said Act, obliged to foil by Measur; which breaks the Grain, and hinders the Sale thereof: And praying, That the Petitioners may have the same Liberty of paying the Duty by Weight, as west as the fiu4 County of Chester.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be teforred to the Committee of die who)e House, to whom die Bjll for continuing to his Majesty certain Ratos and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War againsti'V^iflCj *#4 for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, ami upon Coals; and: for elfobUihfog a National Land-Bank»,..»

Supply Bill; Then die House, according to the Order of the Day,

Salt Duties resolved itfrlf into a Committee of the whole Hbulo, to wd Land- consider of the said Bill.

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir- Thomas Aitileton teok die Chair of tho Committee.

l9

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for encouraging the Bnnging bringing Plate into the Mint, to be coined, be read the p,ale to # Third time upon Thursday Morning next. coined.

The House proceeded to take into Consideradon the Stretton, la. Amendments, made by the Lards, to the Bill, intituled, Pandu*. An Act for making the Towns of Stretton and Thorps a fqparate Parish from Wooktnn, in the County of Warwick;

And the feme were twice read; and, upon the Question feverahy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followed); vis.

Pr.5, L. 7- After " Stretton*' insert " and that the " Messuage, or Tenement, with, its Appurtenances, in " Stretton aforesaid, now belonging to die Vicar of W f( slon aforesaid* shall be the Vicarage-house for the Vicars " of Stretton, for the Time being."

L. S. After "Chm-ch-yard," insert " and Vicaragehouse."

L. 11. After "Church-yard," insert " and Vicarage-house."

Pr. 8. L. 33. After " Herber,"insert " and the " Patron and Vicar of Woolston for the Time being-"

Ordered, That Mr. Bromly do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

‘ An

8 W. III. 240 Martii. 529

G?eS

-p

A

[J

Ecclesiastical An ingrossed Bill, from the Lofds, intituled, An Act Court*. for the better Regulating of Proceedings in the Ecclesiastical Courts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timei

Elections_ The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Irregularities Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, Intituled, of Returning An Act for the further regulating Elefitions of Members eers" to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the defiling and returning such Members:

And the same were read; and are as followeth;

Press 1. L. 17. After "called," add "there shall be " Forty Days between the Teste and Returns of the " Writs of Summons."

L. 21. and 22. Leave out " Forty Days before the " Day appointed for the Meeting of such Parliament,' and read " with as much Expedition as the same may be " done."

Pr. 5. L. 41. For "Mortgage," read "Mortgagee." Pr. 6. L. 41. After " other," add " County."

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding, after "Summons," "and that:"

And the same was, upon the Qiifeftion put thereupon,

> . agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

The rest of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That Sir Hairy Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Expiring A Bill for continuing several Afils therein mentioned Law*. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Kayt Mr. Pagit, Serjeant Bond, Mr. Mr.

Sir IVm. Lout her, Mr VauSir Mr.

Barrington, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Burdet, Sir John Bolles, Sir God/'. Copley, Sir Ro. Davers, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Norres, Sir Hm. Bonces, Mr. steiens, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Air. Bison, Air.

Bohun, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bagnold, Sir Jac. Air.

Molesworth, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Mr. Cor,

Air. Fidler, Mr. England, Mr. And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Highway Ordered, That Air. Arnold, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Yates, L«w». Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Hamond, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Western Carriers and Waggoners is referred: And all that come are to have Voices.

Courts of Ordered, That Harry Hobart, Sir Richard Temple, Equity. Sir Harry Colt, Mr. ThompsSir John Lowther, Air.

Foley, Mr. Molcsuorth, Sir Alarm. Sir IVm. ther, Mr Clark, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Air. Stokes, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Math.

Andreas, Mr. Arnold, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Sxcijt, be added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for regulating Proceedings in Courts of Equity is committed.

whom the Complaint, touching the Copper Farthings and Halfpence, was referred, be made upon Monday Morning bext.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Duties on That Leave be given to bring in a Bdl to explain the Gk*' *c. Clause, in the Act made the last Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals, and Culm, for carrying on the War against France relating to the Luftring Company;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Petition of the High Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Avon and Grand Jury, at the Assizes held at in the Navigation.

County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Avon, in the Counties of

Wilts, Gloucester, and Somerset, navigable,.the fame will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners j for that it will lefi'en the Number of all Sorts of h arriers, whose Cattle consume the Produfit of Lands; and will cause such a Glut of Corn to be brought to and thence dif-

perfect, that it will hinder the Vent of the Petitioners Corn and Grain; which they are already vev v ienfibieof by the Glut at some Seasons of the Year brought from Bristoll on Horseback, and conveyed as far Chip-

penham, Devises, and many other Places: And praying,

That they may be heard, by Counsel, before the Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Linen M encouraging the Linen Manufactory in Ireland, and the

bringing Hemp and Flax into this Kingdom: And that Sir Robert Davers do prepare, and bring in, the- Bill.

Ordered \That Air. Halsey, Sir Christ. , Mr. papist9

Shackerly, Mr. Harly, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Bromley, Air Protestant Bickerstaff Lord Powlet, Mr. Moore, Air. , Sir ^eira

Edw.Seymour, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs is committed.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manufacturers, j.-n2ii(h in the County of Wilts, was presented to the Iloule, and Kail India read; setting forth, That, in 1693, the Petitioners had Company, large Quantities of the Woollen Manufactures lying on their Hands, by reason of the Interruption of Trade during the present War; so that they were not able to employ the many Hundred Families of poor Spinners, Weavers, and others, w ho w ere ready to starve for want of Employment; at which time, the East-Inaia Company bought up

most of the Petitioners said Commodities; and thereby gave a new Life to Trade; which has preserved the poor handicraft People from perishing: That the said Company have, every Season, bought up great Quantities of Woollen Goods;.without whole Consumption the Petitioners could not have fubfilted: And praying. That the East India Company may be encouraged in d.eir Trade.-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Cohihiittee of the whole! House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to the East Indies is committed.

Colchester Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-EUriioo. vileges and Elefitions, touching the Elefition for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex, lie made upon Saturday Morning next.

Yarmouth Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri-f»le of Wight vileges and Elefitions, touching the Election for the Election. rough of Yarmouth, in tine County of Southampton, be made upon Saturday Alorning next.

Halfpence Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

nd Far, Voi,. XL

things.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Prohibiting . solved itself into a Committee of the whdle House, to consider of the Bill for restraining the Wearing of all wrought Callicoes»&c* Silks, Bengals, and dyed, printed, or stained, Callicoes, imported into the Kingdom of England, and the Plantations belonging the reunto, of the Produfit and Manufafiture of Persia, and the East Indies.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Hairy Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Harry Hobart reported from the said Committee,

6 T That

24° — -25°

A. 1696I

Englifti East India Company.

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to the East Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 25* die Martii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Great Queen- A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act street Mate. for the better Improvement of a House and Ground in Great Queen-street, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the the Bill pals, with the Amendments.

Five hundred Weight unwrought: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and that they may be heard touching the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Peter Chabbet, Abel and Isaac Irish

Combs, in behalf of themselves, and of the rest of the Arrears. Troopers of the Right Honourable the Lord GalLncay' % Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners being overcharged by their respective Captains in their Accounts, relating to their Irish Arrears, they petitioned the Commissioners of publick Accounts; who did thereupon examine into the Complaint, and particularly the Major's Troop; and did find, that the Major had wronged the said Troop above 20 I. per Man: That about Three Years since, their Captains made up their Accounts; and, deducing all Charges, they then owned themselves to be ..... to feme 36/. 30/. and 20/. a Man; but lately their Captains, by new Accounts, have foisted in such unreasonable Charges, against the Petitioners (not mentioned in their laid first Accounts), that thereby they have re-

Pra&ifers of Law to take Oaths.

Ordered, That Mr. Stan do err, the Bill to the Lords, ‘'"Jf1 la, Sc su.ms to little or nothtng: lhatmany

and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the ?f.the Pct,t!?neirs ,re ,o, great Stretghts for want oftl.eir Bill, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments Money; and are now undmtheDtsaphneof thelaid Captains; and cannot expect Relief, but from the House: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Sir Rrndand Gzcynn reported from the Committee, to Ordered/Yhzt the Consideration of the said Petition be

Bill, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

whom the Bill for requiring the Praftifers of the Law to

referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of Na-

take the Oaths to his Majesty was committed, That they thamdl Hi"' and others was referral: And that they do

0 J ... ... ovomino f'hfk 1 \ lotlnr ann r^nnrl thA lump with thAir 1 lm.

Ridout's

Estate.

had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with another Amendment made at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gery reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Lands in Horsinglon, in the County of Somerset.

examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir Harry Hobart reported, from the Committee of the Prohibiting w'hole House, to whom the Bill for restraining the Wear- ^llks» ing of all wrought Silks, Bengals, and dyed, printed, or C lcoes,&^ stained, Callicoes, imported into the Kingdom of England, of the Product and Manufacture of Persia, and the East Indies, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he was directed to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read; and then a Second time, one

Part of the Estate of CSmtopher Ridml, an Infant, for' b* ona; "d->"IT ,.l!c ‘K"°n Pu.1 hereupon.

Payment of Incumbrances charged thereon; and for pre- b? "S* j othet

serving the Hefidue of the said jEltate for the Infeot; was "a* / *101 1* ,

committed; That they had examined and conddered the _ That ,be M- *,lh *he Amendments, be in-

fame; and made feme Amendments to the Bill; which Sro e

they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followeth; viz.

In the Title, leave out " and insert

" William"

Prefc 6. L. 34. leave out " Hamond" and insert " Hannam."

Press 11. L. 5, and 6. after " leave outtc and

Ordered, That Mr. Thornhagh have Leave to go into Leave at the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absenc*.

Ordered, That Mr. Northmore have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Daty on Leather.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Bringing after the ingrossed Bill for encouraging the bringing Plate Plate to into the Mint, to be coined, is read the Third time, re-4 *c01ned solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-and after " Rodgers" insert " mid the said George Row- fider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be differ granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the

L. 14, after " Pope," leave out "and;* Civil List for the Year 1696; and for the Relief of the and after " Rogersinfert " and the said George Roto- poor Fimch Protestants.

" cliffe."

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply A Petition of the Mailer, and Wardens, and Com- iblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to monalty, of the Company of Cordwainers of the City of consider further of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty jj»uk London, was presented to the House, and read; setting certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the forth, That a Bill for continuing several Laws therein War against France) and for taking off the Duties of mentioned is now depending in the House; One whereof Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establhh-relates to the Transporting of Leather, which is prejudicial ing a National Land-Bank, to the Petitioners; for that all Leather wrought up, ex- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

ported, pays a Duty of 4 s.8 d.per Hundred Weight; . Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee,

and unwrought Leather, exported, pays no more than a Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Duty of 1 s. per Hundred; though a Hundred of wrought Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

Leather, exported, is of more Benefit to the Nation than That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to

them

Bill; 'Bties uud Laud

8 W. III.

2 50 — z 6° Martii.

53*

them referred; and bad dire£ie<J him to movp, That they the Carmen, who hare for several Years, and do (till, pay

inn V kuiifi T AAirO fA iif attain nAac A r\r\ / a Vaar Fr\ r* tlm Dnn f r % 4 I

tcan,

may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

-Cwnmittw*. Ordered., That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2 die Martii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

MR. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to take away the Custom of which

hinders Persons from disposing of their persona) Estates by their Wills, was committed, That they had made lbme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Disposition by Will in Wale.

Linen Ma-nutadure.

I Jit.' «h!i

Aau

Jtidout's

EftaU.

Cart, applying for Hire.

yi

a

it

Sir Robert Oarers, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for encouraging the Linen Manufactory of Ireland, and the bringing llemp and Flax into this

Kingdom.

The Bill was read the First time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time at Twelve a Clock.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

near 400 L a Year for the Benefit of Christ's Hospital; and are now' contented to allow 300l. per Arm. more, towards the erecting an Hospital at for Main-

tenance of the Seamen:

That there is not Work for the 420 Carts first licensed.

That several Witnesses were called, to prove that Carts stand idle in the Streets for want of Work.

Mr. Gibson:Who said, That Carts are fb numerous in

Tkames-slreet, that they hinder the Inhabitants from going out or coining into their Houses; and has known Carts to stand idle a whole Day together; and fhat this Disorder has been these Six Years, or more; but especially the last Two Years:

That, by the Order, Four are appointed where now Fifteen do croud; viz.from Ralph's Key to Key;

and lb in proportion for the other Keys: That he has often complained to the Street-keeper; but could have no Redrels.

Mr. Rayner: That he lives near the Custom-house; and there was ordered to be but Eight Carts; but he has seen Fifty-seven together; that the Inhabitants of -

street have petitioned the Lord Mayor, but could have no Redrels.

Mr. Atwood:That he lives at and has leen

Sixteen or Eighteen Carts between and

Dowgate; and that, by reason of the Crowding of these Carts, several of the Inhabitants have left their I loufes.

Then Witnesses were examined, to prove the great Deceits of the Woodmongers, in their short Mea-fiures.

Ir. Joseph Hern informed the Committee, That one Mr. Fozotk,a Woodmonger, was spoken to, to lend to

his Father's House Fight Chaldron of Coals; the Carter was ordered to measure the fame; and afterwards the said Coals were measured by a Meter, and there was found wanting 42 Bushels:

That flie said Fowlk compounded with the Matr at the

for the Sale of Lands in Hcrsinglon, in the County of 2W Tavern for One Peck in each Sack: That there was Somerset, Part of the Ettate of Christopher hidout, an jjufliel his Cart. but refused to measure therewith. Infant, for Payment of Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the Residue of the said Estate, for the

upon I

John Danjord, a Meter: That a Person bought Five Chaldrons; and the last Load being come, there wanted Six Pecks in that Load; and that the Coals were seized by the Quest, for the Poor.

Mr. a Meter, said, In last, he was called by Mr to measure Five Chaldron of Coals he had lent

to one Mr.; and, upon measuring the lame,

there wanted Two Bushels in every Three Sacks.

That Counsel appeared for, and on the behalf of, the Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, from City of London; and insisted, That the City have a Power

1 r‘' — ;,f~* " h — ti, Potion to ]icenfe what Number of Carts they ft . that) true

of Common-Council in 1681.

Infant; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do prifs, with the Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Gery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with lbme Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the ancient Carmen of the City of London was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed]; viz.

it is, there was an Act ot Common-Council in whereby the Woodmongers are prohibited from using their own Carts; but the City finding very great Incon-veniency thereby, and upon the Application of several eminent Merchants of the City, an Order of the Common-Courtcil was made for suspending that Act, within Ten Days after it was made; and it hath Continued fuse pended eVer since; and, as loon as their Charter was restored, they did, by an Act of Common-Council, repeal the former Act of 1681:

That the Power and Jurisdiction of appointing, governing, and regulating, of Carts and Cars, is vested in the City; and they are the belt Judges what Number of Carts are fit to be employed:

That, in the Time of King James the First, a Report was made, That 400 Carts was then necessary; lb that That, notwithstanding the said Act of Common Council; now 600 may as well be employed; the Buildings being the Woodmongers did work their unlicensed Carts above increased:

the said Number of 420; which caused several Suits to be That Liberty is given to Brewers, Lime-men, and commenced; and, upon Tryals at the Common Pleas, and several others, to carry their own Goods; so that it would Exchequer Courts, at H estminster, the said Act of Com- be a great Hardship to the Woodmongers to deny them mon Council was adjudged to be good and binding; yet the same Liberty of carrying their own Goods: the Woodmongers continue to work their own Carts. That the Addition of 120 Carts for the Woodmongers

That the Carmen further infilled, That the City of is not prejudicial to the Carmen; they not being admitted London have and do still allow the Woodmongers 120 to hire, because the 420 Street-Carts only have a Right Carts above the said Number of 420; to the Prejudice of to be employed in carrying Goods in the City; and the Vol. XL iao

That the Committee, haring considered of the Petition of the Carmen; and having heard Counsel and Witnesses, in order to make out the Allegations contained in their laid Petition; do find, That an Act of Common-Council was made in the Year 1681. That no Woodmonger should keep, or work, any Cart for Carriage of their Fuel, but what should be Part of the Number of 420 Carts, to be licensed by the Governors of Christ's Hospital; which were adjudged to be sufficient for the Carriage of all Goods; Merchandize, and Fuel, within the City and Liberties:

Clean sing Havens.

Penalty on Country lletailers in Cities.

26* Martii. 1696.

120 are restrained to the foie t)fe of the Woodmongers, for carrying their Fuel, and not to be hired upon any other Occasion: -

That the Act of Common-Council limits such a Number of Carts, as may be needful for the Service, in each Part of the City; and, if more croud into One Place than are allowed by the said Act, they are as liable to Punishment by it, as other Offenders against any Act of Common Council; and, if they stand idle, it may be reasonably suppol'ed to be occasioned by their removing from the Stations appointed for them; for that the Government of the City have directed them Stations to wait in, where they may be likely to be employed for the Service of the City:

That the Want of Trade, of late Years, might occasion the Crouding of Carts in Thames-street; thinking it the most likely Place to find Employment in:

That Mr. Adamson the Scavenger, and others, have been often summoned before the Lord Mayor, upon Complaint of the Streets being crouded with Carts, in greater Numbers than were allowed; but he laid, He could not help it, for that the Carmen would come thither:

That the Carmen pay no Rent to the City but 13 s. Ad. yearly, for each Cart; which is for Salaries to the Officers, who are to controul their Disorders:

That the 300l. per Annum, offered to Hospi-

tal by the Carmen, must be raised upon the Citizens who employ them; and will cost them, at lealt, 5 or 60,0001, per Annum; whereas the City of London is capable of doing more for Greenwich Hospital than the Carmen: That the last'Act of Common Council, in favour of die Woodmongers, was obtained, because Carts out of the City were employed by the Woodmongers:

That the Woodmongers carry Coals, at least, l8d. per Chaldron cheaper than Carmen would:

That the Complaint is made but by a few of the Car-, men themselves against the whole City; and that they may as well complain against any By-Law; for that some Persons will be grieved by any Law made:

That the 120 Carts pay no Rent:

That the Carmen are an inlblent and ungovernable People; and, notwithstanding the great Care the City hath taken, for the Regulation and Well-Government of them, yet no Law will bind that unruly Sort of People; and, if they should procure an Act of Parliament, they will be more unruly, and they would think themselves above even the chief Magistrate of the City; which would be a Means not only to discourage the most substantial Citizens of London, but make many Persons leave their Houses, and seek Habitations elsewhere, where they may live quietly, and be free from the Inlblencies of those rude People.

As to the Complaints against the Woodmongers, in their false Measures, they say, That every Cart ought to carry a sealed Bushel, with all Coal they fell; and, if the Coal wants of the Measure, according to that Bushel, the Woodmonger is punishable by the Act of Common-Council: But, because some Woodmongers have been guilty of some Irregularities, the City hope. That their Power and Jurisdiction of appointing and regulating Carts which they have always had, shall not be taken from them.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to encourage the Removal of Bars; and for the Scouring, Cleansing, and Deepening, of decayed Havens; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Quefrion being put, That Leave be given to bring iti a Bill, That the P'enalty mentioned in the Act, made 1* § 2* Maria,

intituled, An Act, That Persons dwelling in the Country shall not fell divers Wares in Cities, or Towns Cqr-

porate, by Retail, may be recovered before Justices of the Peace;*

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Traders of the African City of Bristol!, was presented to the House, and read; Company, setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Years last past, driven a Trade to Africa, and exported great Quantities of Commodities, the Product of this Nation; the Returns whereof are Gold, Wax, and Elephants Teeth; the latter whereof hath greatly employed the Artificers of Bristoll, and adjacent Counties: That the Petitioners have fold them Elephants Teeth at lower Rates than can be expected from the African Company; whereby those Commodities, made thereof, are cheaper furnished, both at home and abroad: And praying. That, in the Establishment of the Trade to Africa, Regard may be had to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa is committed.

An ingossed Bill for preventing the Exportation of Prevents Wool from hence; and to encourage the Importation of Exportoi* Wool from Ireland; was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 3- to leave out the Word " by Pr. 2. L. to to insert "Whitehavin the County " of Cumberland L. 19. to leave out "appointed to put this Act " in Execution," and insert, instead thereof, " of his Majesty's Cullonis in " England

Pr. 3. L. 4. to insert " Wool:"

L. 17. to insert " within Five Miles of the And the same were, upon the Questious feveratly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That if an Offender be convicted, no Hundred, or Place, shall incur the Penalties mentioned in the Act:

And the the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative,

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for Liberty to Spinners, §c. to go, by N ight, nigh the Sea Coasts:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Person shall buy up any Wool, within the Counties of Kent or Sasser, who has not served Seven Years Apprenticeship to some Clothier, or other Woollen Manufacturer:

And the same was twice read:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Importation thereof from Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gzcijn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

t

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Richard Halford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Heron's this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Charles Heivn Baronet to fell Lands, for Payment of a Portion and Debts, A lib.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for.

k

C.

k

8 W. HI.

a?8 Martit.

m

for raffing the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Yetfr J 696, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be dot repaid; wrthowt aHy Amendments. Also, feltftions — The Lords have agreed to the Amendment; rtiade by ji"1egulariti<» this House, to the Amendments, made by tire Lords, to

,.e fj,e Rfl, intit ivied, An Act for the further regulating

Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members:

Alh,

Great Queen The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Street Kit ate.' this Horde to tire Bill, intituled, An Act for the better

Ordered, That ail Committees be adjotoritedi

tiurimiiMs,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine Clock.

lif Returning Officers.

Venerisf27* die Maiiii;

8* Guliekpi Tertii.

pRAYkna.

PETITION of the Master, Wardens, arid Exporting filtants of the Society of Frame-work-knitters, of Knitting-

A

improvement of a House and Ground in Great Queen- the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to frawtt'

Punishing Mutiny and Defer! ion.

street. AHb,

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act for continuing several former Acts, for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; with some

the House and read; setting forth, That the Art of Knit-

ting

in Frames is found a great Encouragement to the

Woollen Trade of the Kingdom; and is a Supply of Stockings and othet knit Commodities, to foreign Countries; and an Increase of his Majesty's Customs: That the Trade, of Frame-work-'knitting might be kept within this King-

Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of (fom> if t|,e Transportation of Frames were effectualfy

Sringing Piute to be Coined.

this House.

And then the Messengere withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Bridging of Plate into the Mint, to be coined, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for settling the Price of Guineas; with a Blank for the Price:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be brought up to the Table;

The House divided*

The Yeas go forth.

Tel.e, Sfor theVea ,.

Tellers for the Nocs,{|£

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

The Clause, being brought up, was twice read:

prevented; because they can make them no where else That, upon the fereral Petitions presented to King Charles the Second, and the late King James the Second, they issued out their Proclamations to prohibit the Transportation of the said Frames; but, for want of a Penalty to be InfliCled upon Offenders, several Frames have been exported; whereby great Quantities of the said Commodities have beeh made in foreign Nations, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and the Woollen Trade in general: And praying Leave to bring in a Clause, to be added to such Bill as the House shall think fit, for the effectual prohibiting the Exportation of the said Frame#, for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be' referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for defraying _ the Expences of the Civil List, for the Year 1696; and

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, for the belief of the poor French Protestants; and to

173-

129.

146.

166.

That the Blank be filled up with " 249.5 The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers forth eYcss.{ % Jf^'

Tellers for the Noes, G Copley,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with Then the Clause was read the Third time;

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{fJr- 1.8 s.

22S.

[Mr. Wininglon t Tellers for the Noes,{f!r' Bi*erMfe.

>35-

[Mr.:

So it was refoived in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pat's: And that the Title be, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint, to be coined; and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandize is committed t

Ordered That the ingrossed Bill for reftralning the Profobitir# Wearing of all wrought Silks, Bengals, and dyed, printed, India-Sillts, or stained, Callicoes, imported into the Kingdom of Callieoe^Ae* England, of the Product and Manufacture of and the East Indies, be read the Third time upon Tuesday

Morning next.

Ordered, That it be art Inftfuftion to the Committee,- iPfkway to whom the Bill for Explaining of an Act, of the 22th Caw*.

Year of King Charles the lid, for the better Repairing of Highways, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to alter the said Act, In relation to the Drawing with Nine Horses, if they think fit.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ecchr.arttfat for the better Regulating of Proceedings in the Ecclesiasti- Courts, cal Courts, was read a Second time.

Refbhed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ash, Sir Sam. Barnard'islon, Mr. Forres, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Bofcaami

Mr. Nevill, Mr. Balchvyn, Mr. Moore, Lord Cavendish j

African

Company*

Ways and Means

V

Mr. Hamond, Mr. , Mr. Bettiei Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Ja. Mountague, Lord Ashley, Mr. Haljey, Sir Jof. Resokxd, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Mr. Dolben, Serjeant Bond, Seijeairt Coward, Mr. Tra

vt itfoli int/i b I /vmmrttnn rJs tim iirbrvIr % Llonfo CL V.f. D...,

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That this House will, To-unortow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of WayB and Means for raffing the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, lor defraying the Expend* of the Civil List, for the Year 1696; and for the Relief of the poor French Protestants.

Vo 1* XL

vers, Sir Godfry Copley, Sir WCooper, Mr.

Mr. Cutliford, Mr. Lowther, Doctor O.venden, Mr. But'-' det. Sir fVm.York, Sir Tho.Pope Blount, Sir JVaher Yoftge, Mr. Colt, Sir Henry Go f, Mr. Molesworth,

Mr. Daniell, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir fVtn.

Ashurst, Mr. Arnold. Mr. Motieyi Mr. Harley, Sir Thomas Dyke, Sir Fra. Maffinn, Mr. Mr. Tho. Foley,

Mr. Kingston, Mr. Staines, Mr. PA. Foley, Colonel Perry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Rve a Clock, j the Speaker's Chamber.

GV Tf#

fcncoura^e-

ment of Privateers.

534 27° Martit. A. 1696.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France', and for the Encouragement of Privateers:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow: viz.

2d Press, 2 L. leave out from " Pofiession,' to " together,' in the 5 Line; and read " and Custody of " such Persons as his Majesty shall appoint and constitute " Commissioners for receiving, felling, and disposing,

" of Prize-Ships and Goods, or their Officers and Agents,

" in the said Port; who, shall, and are hereby ordered,

" in all Points, strictly to observe the Directions of this Act, together with such Rules and Instructions, for the " better Performance of their Duty, as shall, from time " to time, be given them by the Lord Treasurer, or " Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and Lord High u Admiral of England, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time " being, and approved of by his Majesty in Council; which " Commissioners, constituted as aforesaid, or their Officers " and Agents."

L. 13. for " in," read " or," and leave out

" to."

L. 16. leave out " and Distribution."

L. 24. leave out "of his Majesty's Customs," and read " constituted as aforesaid, or their Officers and " Agents."

L. 27. after " Seal,"....."or, in de-

" fault of such Appointment by the said Commander, to " such Persons as the Court of Admiralty shall nominate " in his behalf."

3 Pr. L. 23. after " Privateer," add " employed only " as a Privateer, and not loaden with any Sorts of Goods " or Merchandizes."

L. 28. leave out " or ellewhereand for " the," read " any."

4 Pr. L. 11. leave out " and brought into England."

L. 36. after " the," add " Commissioners, " constituted as aforesaid, out of his Majesty's Part of " the Prizes; and, if they shall not have sufficient Money " in their Hands, then by the."

-L. 38. after " the," add " Customs of the." L. 39, and 40. leave out " and out of his Majesty's Part of the Prizes."

L. 42. after " Account" add " provided that if the Prize be a French Man of War, and taken by One " of his Majesty's Ships of War, or hired Ships in his Majesty s Pay, the 40 s. per Ton, and 10/. per Gun, " shall be in lieu of all Shares of such French Ship, her " Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Provision, and Stores;

" it being the true Intent and Meaning thereof, That the " the same shall be adjudged to his Majesty, and delivered " to the Commissioners of the Navy."

5 Press, L. 1. After " Prize," add " to the Southward " of Cape Finister."

L. 2d. After " into," add " Cales, or."

L. 3. instead of " beyond the Seas," read " within the Streights of Gibralt." L. 13. instead of " either to the Captor, or," read " to the."

6 Pr. L. 4. leave out from " notwithstanding," to " and, " in L. 17.

L. 39th and 40th, leave out " in the Hold,

" or between Decks, laden upon Freight of such Prize," and read " therein."

7 Pr. L. 31. after "likewise," insert " the Whole, or " the respective Shares of."

L. 33. after " taken," add " with the Privity " of the Owner or Owners."

L. 38. leave out from " fame," to " and, " in the 18 Line of the 8th Press, and read " and that the " Recognizances, or the Bonds, entered into by the " Captain or Captains of such Privateer or Privateers,

" and his or their Sureties, be declared to be forfeited

" and immediately' put in Execution, according to the " Course of Proceedings in the Court of Admiralty."

8 Pr. L. 36. Leave out " by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs."

9 Pr. L. 1. leave out from " sued," inclusive, to Two*

" in the 6th Line; and read " proceeded against and " condemned in the Court of Admiralty."

L. 7. instead of " his Heirs and Successors," read " as Perquisites of the Admiralty."

L. 22. after " mentioned," add the Clause marked

2 Press, L. 2. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, di ft greed unto by the House.

L/i 3. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 16 and 24. Amendments, being severally . read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

L. 27. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

3d Pr. L. 23. Amendment* being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 28. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

4 Press, L. 11. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put, thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 36. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

L. 38. Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon. the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 39, and 40th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

L. 42th, Amendment, and Press 5th, L. 1,2,

3. and 13th Amendments, being severally read a Second

.....were, upon die Question severally put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House.

6th Press, L. 4th, 396), and 40th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

7th Press, L. 31. and 33th, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

L. 38. Amendment, beingread a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

8th Pr. L. 36th, Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

9th Press, L. 1 ft, 7th, 22th, and 28th Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Clause marked 9, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments, made by their Lordships, which have been disagreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Realbns, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, upon the said Amendments:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Mr. Norrcs, Mr. Burdet, Sir Harvey, Doctor

O.vendon, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr Mr. Moore, Mr.

Newport, Mr. Gunfit, Sir Hen.Hobart, Mr. , Mr.

Boyle, Mr. Wirmgton, Mr. England, Sir Chr. Miegrove,

Mr.

8 W. III.

4 7* — 28° Martii.

535

]\Ir. Nicholas, Mr. Colt, $\t Hen. Goff, Lord Coningsbi/, Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed Mr. 1Jalmes, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Burrard, Sir Paw. to the said Amendment. 0

Seymour, Sir WalterYong, Mr. Mr. Fuller,

Air. IFhitacre, Mr. Haw, Mr. Harley, Mr. Air.

Clarke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

leave of Ab&nce.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Davall have Leave to into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

g°

Preventing Stock-jobbing.

Supply Pill Sait Duties and Liuui-Bank.

Ways and lUeans.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Ashton have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Seymour Tredenham have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Stock-jobbing: And that Air. CuUiford and Air. Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Alorn-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iluule, to consider further of the Bill for continuing to his Alajilty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France;and for taking off the Duties of 7'onage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establilli-ing a National Land-Bank.

The I Joufe, according to the Order of the Day, re-tblved itlell into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Civil List for the Year 1696; and for the Relief of the poor French Protestants; and to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandize.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered the Alatters to them reterred; and had come to several Resolutions; and gone- through the said Bill; and had directed him to report the fame, when the House will plealc to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

An ingrafted Bill for the preventing Escapes; and better Preventing Security and Relief of Creditors; was read the Third Escapes. time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for the preventing Escapes; and better Security and Relief of Creditors.

Ordered, That Air. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for requiring the Praftifers of the Law prefers of to take the Oaths to his Majesty. Law to take

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title Oath*, be. An Act requiring the Praftifers of the Law to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gztyndo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Aleflage

from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford

Disposition by Will in Wales.

Pun i filing Mutiny and Deicrtion.

Sabbati, 28* die Martii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill to take away the Custom of Wales, which hinders Persons from disposing of their persona! Estates by their Wills, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act to take aw-ay the Custom of Wales, which hinders Persons from disposing their personal Estates by their Wills.

Ordered, That Air. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers, and Soldiers, who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing falle Afufters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer:

And the said Amendment was twice read; and, upon

A

and Mr. Pitt

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Encouraging for the Inercafe and Encouragement of Seamen, with Seamen, ibme Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

A Petition of the Tanners in and about the City of Duty on London, on behalf of themselves, and all others of the same Leather. Trade in the Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read;. setting forth, That there is a Bill now before the House for continuing several Laws therein mentioned; One of which relates to the Exportation of Leather, which is a great Benefit to the Kingdom; and that the Cordwainers ip and about London have also petitioned the House, complaining of the Lownels of the Duty upon un w rought Leather exported: The Petitioners '

pray, they may be heard to lliew their Reasons why the said Law should be continued as it now is.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Alotion being made, and the Question being put* Encouraging That the House do proceed to take into Consideration Seamen, the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen;

The House divided. ‘

The Yeas go forth.

Telle,-S for he Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

/Mr. White, '/Mr. Aislaby:

| 69. ]43-

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Skin, 30 L. after " and, " read " or."

32 L. after " and, " read " or."

5 Skin, 5 L. after " Office," read " or such other " Office as shall be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs " and Successors."

23 L. after " Office," read " or other Office, " as aforesaid."

39 L. after " Office," read " or other Office, " as aforesaid."

7 Skin, 28 L. after " Office," read " or other Office, " as aforesaid." v

9 Skin, 41 L. after " them," read et or the Commis-

the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; " sioners of the Navy for the Time being, orany Three

rs rJ A.L. . C £ f* 4.1 /* 1 "T~\ f* 111 *1* I I . I

and is as followed); vi.

3th Skin, 30th L. leave but from inclusive, to the End of the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles do carry the Bill to the Vol. XL

of them ;' or such Persons as shall be appointed by the the Word "and," "King for keeping the said Register, orany Three of " them: or by the Vice-Admirals of the several Counties* " or their Deputies."

10‘Skin*

Colchester

Election.

i tf Skin, 4 L. after'rt Infirmity/ add " attested by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses.'*

12 L. after " being," read " or the Bonds of u the Nay, for die Time beiilg, or any Three of them; " or such Persons as shall be apf>ointed by the King for " keeping the said Register, or any Three of them; of by the Vice-Admirals of the several Counties, or their u Deputies."

35 L. after '* Pay," add (t but such Person, for " such Offence only, shall not suffer as a Deserter and then insert the Proviso A: ‘‘ Provided, That nothing in " this Act contained shall extend to take away or alter the " Punishment appointed by an Act, made in the 13th Vear " of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, for such Captains, Officers, or Mariners, as shall defer! the Service of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in his Ships, or shall u run away from the said Ships, or entice others so to do.*' At the End of the Bill* add Proviso marked B; viz. " Provided always, and be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained " shall be construed to extend to the debarring any Person from being a Chaplain, Surgeon, or any other Officer,

" in any Office in the Navy, not of Neceuity to be executed by a (eaforing Man."

Ordered, That Sir Itarry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Colonel Granville, according to the Order of (he Day, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching tlife Election for the Borough of Colchester, In tire Couilty Of Eas it appeared to the (kid Coffihiitttee, and the Refohltions of the Committee thereupon; tohich he read In his Place j and afterwards delivered iri At die Clerk's Table: Where the same werfe rend: and afe as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of several of the Freemen and Bur*

gefies of Colchester, complaining of an undue Elec-, tion of Sir John Morden to serve for that Borough:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the sworn Durgefies, not receiving Alms:

That there was, at this Fiection, a Poll taken by the Town-Clerk; another Poll taken for Sir John:

and another Poll taken for SirTho. Cooke.

That the Poll taken for Sir John Morden did give the Majority, by 2 or 3, for Sir Cooke and the Poll taken for Sir Tho. Cooke did give the Majority, by the like

Number, for Sir John Morden; add the Numbers, upon the Poll, taken by the Town-Clerk, who (at most commodiously for taking the fame, at the Time of closing the (bine, were agreed to be thus:

That, For Sir John Morden, - - - 406.

For Sir Tho. Coolce, 408.

But the Account the Town-Clerk gave the Mayor of the Poll, was,

For Sir John Morden,- - - 407.

For Sir Tho. Cooke, K - - - 401.,

By which Account Sir John Morden had the Majority oy Six; though the Fact was, That really Sir Thomas Cooke had the Majority of his Poll by Two: But it was affo proved, and not disowned by the Town-Clerk, That the Town-Clerk, upon telling the Mayor the Numbers of the Poll, did say, That he was not certain.

And John Sewell, Giles Ab, testifiedj The Mayor, before die Election, did fey, That Sir Isaac Rebow and Sir John Morden should be returned: And offered to lay Two Quineas to Oue of it: But Sam. Hall, tfho was produced on behalf of Sir John Morden, said, He was by, at the time Sewell spakeof; and did not hear die Mayor fey any such Words.

That, for the Petitioners, it wto infixed, That the Mayor had denied a Scrutiny; and that many bad polled whp had no fright to poll.

That, as to the Matter of the Scrutiny, The Petitioner* called

Mr. Wifi. thtbnycx, Mr. John Duhoise, Mr. Tho. Mtrttfig, Mr. Tho. Rase, Mr. John Pottei\ Mi*. Fra.

ActtntiWho feid, That Sir Thom. Cook was invited to stand for Colcltester, having been a BericfaClot there: That, upon catling of the Poll, Mr. Kendall,\hat took the Poll for Sir Isaac Rebotc, found One or Two more for Sir Tho. Cooke than for Sir John Morden: That, thereupon, Mr. Bemret, Sir John MordcrisBrother-iii-Law, dcmaiid-

cd a Scrutiny upon Sir John s Account: That

the Town-Clerk, in casting up the Poll, told the Mayor, He made it Six for Sir John Morden; but laid, He was not certain; and defifed the Mayor would not declare that Night: That several demanded of the Mayor to dedat e for Sir Thomas Cook; aitdaScrutlny Was demanded; and the Books were foaled up,m order to a Scrutiny the next Day: That the next Day, before the Alayor declared, Mr. Shaw demanded a Scrutiny again; but the Mayor de-

clared for Sir Isaac Rebow and Sir John Morden; but refuled to declare the Numbers, saying, That he would not return Sir Tho. Cook; but he had his Remedy in Parliament: That Sir Isaac Rebow did Iky, It signified nothing to put down Queries, for there lllould be a Scrutiny for tire Whole: That forne Objections were made at the Time of the Poll, and several were Itruck out: But several Queries were left upon Foreigners, and Altas-men: But Mr. Potter did confess, that he had a List of the free Burgeflbs in his Hand at the Time of the Poll; but could not fey it was aii ekact Copy: And that Sir Isaac Rebmv, after the Poll was over, did fey, It was plain Sir Thomas Cook had it upon the Poll.

That, to answer which Part of the Evidence for Sir John Morden, was called,

Alajor Haynes: Who feid, That there had been a Difference between him and the Lord Lucas, touching 450 h recovered of him for Money he engaged for at the last Election of Colchester, when Sir Thomas Cooke ltood; and that Sir Tho. Cook would not do any thing in it, till the last Parliament was difl'olved: And that Sir Tho. Cook laid, If he would dissuade Sir John Morden from standing, and engage Sir Isaac Rebow for him, he should have his Aloney; but it must not be known to be from him, for fear of Bribery.

But Mr. Roberts, being produced, on behalf of the Petitioners, feid, That Major Haines desired him to go to Sir Tho. Cook for to procure an Accommodation between my Lord Lucas and him; and said, That if Sir Tho. Cook would accommodate the Alatter, lie would persuade Sir John Aforden not to stand, or prevail with Sir Rebow to join with him: And, at last, Major Haines laid, If Sir Tho. Cook would give him 2,50/. lie would do w hat he had promised, and stand upon his owh Feet with the Lord Lucas.

That, further, fot Sir John was called,

Thom. Smith, Mr. Kelhim, Mr. IVm. Mott, Mr. John Herdy, Mr. Simeon Howard: Who feid, That several went about the Town, and declared Sir Rebozo was a

Corn-Merchant; and that One laid, He had Three Guineas to make a Party for Sir Tito. Cooke <, and that tire Mayor, upon the Town-Clerk's laying Sir John Morden had the Mtyority, doled the Poll: But Sir John Morden durst not ride that Night becaill'e of the Tumult: That they did not hear a Scrutiny demanded till next Morning; and that, after the Alayor had declared the Election, when the Mayor told them it was too late.

That, for the Petitioners, Exceptions were taken to lc-veral that voted for John Morden: And the first Exception was of 27 that could not be found in the Freemen s Books: And for that they called,

Air. James Shelton: Who said, As to Samuel Mott, he was disfranchised:

( And as to Robert Potter, George Clarke, Tho. Burton, Win. Hall, Abraham Lattgly, John Tatem, Sam. Ryder,

Robert Robbery, Michael Behatei, John Brahe, l'lio. Draper (minor), Joseph Entry, Jercm. tri'oom, Samuel Gibson, Henry Wall, Robert Humphry, John Herbert junior, Nath.

Legg, Sir Fra. Massam, Win. junior, James Peacock, Tho. Prigg, Ban. Pilson, James Rich, Joseph Tabor,

16 John

8 W. III. 28°Marta. 537

John Wheeley;he had searched, and could not find their

Names in the Books, except Three or Four, that were lb long ago that he did not believe they could be the Men:

That they all polled for Sir John Mordea; but, he believed, One or Two of them polled for Sir Tho. Cook also.

That, on the other Side, to justify several of those Voices, was called,

Mr. JVheely: Who laid, That JVm. junior's Name

is entered in the Freemens Book:

That James Rich was a Freeman:

That Langly has voted at Elections of Magistrates but was a Quaker, and had not sworn:

That Sam.Gibson is a Freeman of the Town.

Mr. Glascock said, That Sir Fra. Massam was sworn:

/ Which was allowed by the Petitioners.

That JoseJ)h Tabor is entered:

That Jeremy Groom and Nathaniel I Lcgg were F recinen.

Mr. Hayward said, That John JVheely had polled Five or Six Years; — is Servant to Sir Isaac Rebow.

John Drake said, That Joseph was a Freeman. John Blows said, That Henry Hall was a Freeman.

That, for the Petitioners, there was also produced le-veral Certificates taken out of the Register Books:

By which it seemed, That Harvey,

Richard Fetid, Abr.Behaites, Fra. A lor tier,

Arth. JVencesly, John Cater, Jeremy John

were under Age at the Time of the Election:

But as to Francis Mortier, for Sir John was

produced another Certificate; which fays, lie was baptized 6th April 1673. And

Rich. Feildlenior said. That his Son, Richard was of Age at the Time of the Election; and was Four or Five Years old, when he was regilired.

Mr. Shelton also said. That 58 others that voted for Sir John Morden had taken up their Freedom in the Time of the present Mayor; who was sworn on 29 September last: But the Town-Clerk, being called on the other Side, said. That, of the 58, 12 were sworn upon the 14 October; and Three on the 12 October, being the Day of the Tel'te of the Writ; and that the said 12, as well as the Three, had a Right to demand their Freedoms; but all the relt were sworn before the Teste of the Writ.

That the Petitioners also insisted, That some Alms-men had voted for Sir John Morden: And called,

Mr. Shelton: Who said, lie had examined the Poors Book, and found that Abraham Tho. Roman,

John Martin, Thomas Laye, Tho. Coule, Jos. IVird, are in the Poors Book, and receive out of the Poors Rate.

Mr. Glascock said, That Thomas Tyler lived in an Alm-lioule, and the Parish find him Wood.

Mr. Purchase said. That Tho. Rennet was in the Parish-Books for 1 s. last Year; and had taken Alms since last Christmas.

That, on the other Side, was called,

Mr. Kendall: Who said, That Coule drove a considerable Trade; and was reputed worth 2001.

Mr. Haywood:Who said Laye was no Alms-man:

That he could not find Jos. Ward in the Poors Books.

That Sir John Morden, to disqualify several that voted for Sir Tho. Cook, called,

Mr. JVheely: Who said, That Three, viz.

Wood, and Pierson, that voted for Sir Tho. Cook, were made free after the Teste of the Writ:

That as to JVm. Banks junior, Wm. John James, Moses Chappell, John Smith, James Raw, John Sparrow,

Tho. Essex, Dan. Bruce, Tho. Seabrook, John Pierson junior, Tho. Brewer, John Sebourn, Abra. Yore, Samuel Choke junior, Geo. Harrison, Jos. Rich, Jasper Walters, Martindale, Nath. Nevill, John JValker, Jam. Harrison,

John Garland, Math. Butcher, John junior, John Brooks, Tho. Richardson, Tho. Blythe; he had examined the Books, and could not find their Names entered; but, at the same time, he said, He had not seen the Free-school-book, wherein many of the Freemens Names are entered.

And

Mr. Glascock, being called on the other Side, said, That John Smith, John Sebourn, Dan. Bruce, Tho. Blythe, Geo.

Vol. XI.

Harrison, Martindale, Nath. Nevill, John Walker, Colchester James Harrison, were Freemen. Election.

Mr. Shelton said, That Jasper Walters was a reputed Freeman; was in the Government of Colchester; and had made Apprentices free.

Mr. Purchase said. That Mathew Butcher is a Freeman; and that he saw him sworn.

Mr. Pullen said, He saw Moses Chappell sworn.

Mr. Choak laid, He saw John Brooke sworn.

Mr. Scrivener said, He saw Abra. Yore sworn.

That, further for Sir John Morden, was called,

Mr. JVheely: WTho proved, That Charles Great, Isaac Burbredge, John Mittchcl, Sam. Choak, Caleb Pilgrim,

John Sparrow, and John Farrow, to be under Age at the

Time of the Election. And John Pierson said, That his Sons, John and Henry Pierson, Two other of Sir Tho. Cook's Voters, were under Age at the time of the Election.

Mr. Hayward said, That Nine that voted for Sir Thom.

Cooke received weekly Alms That Four others had their Rent paid by the Parish:

That One lived in an Alms-house:

That Seven others had occasionally received Alms; but could not say he found them in their Books:

That as to Eleven others, they received Cloth at Christmas, being paid by that, which they call Raboot-money:

But it appeared, that That Cloth was not found at the Charge of the Parish.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee, came to lliefe Refutations;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir John Morden is not duly elected a Burgess to fervo in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Thomas Cook is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Colchester.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Morden is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Tdney have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. James Morgan have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Plantation Sir Richard Holjord: Trade.

Mi\ Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade, with several Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Colonel Granvill reported, from the Committee of Pri- Yarmouth, vileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election Isle of Wight, for the Borough of Yannouth, in the County of Southamp- E,e^'on-ton, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Acton Esquire, complaining of an undue Election of Anthony Morgan Esquire to serve for the Borough of Yarmouth, in the Isle of

Wight:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

6 X Tha*

1

538

28° Ma

A. 1696.

him to report to the Hoafe; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the defraying the Expences of the Civil List for the Year 1696; and for the Relief of the poor French Pro>-and Five others were unduly admitted to be testants; a Duty of One Peny Gallon be laid upon all

low Wines of the first Extraction, drawn or made only from Drink brewed, and made of any Sort of malted Corn.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of 12 pet Gallon be laid upon all low

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Mayor and Burgesses.

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Mr. Morgan, - - - - 33.

For the Petitioner, - 32.

But the Petitioner infilled. That one Mr. who

voted for the Sitting Member, had surrendered his Bur-gageship;

Burgesses.

That, to prove the Surrender, the Petitioner produced an Entry in the Town-Book; whereby Mr, Thomas Urn/ desired the Corporation to excuse his Attendance, and

choose another chief Burgess m his room: And accord-

mrrlv Tvi v T^rtJfn troo orw-l rKnlon in Viior

ingly Mr. Richard Vally was defied and chosen in his Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn room. from Brewers Wath, or Tilts.

As to the undue making Free of the Five other Bur- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, gestes, they produced, That a Duty of 3d. per Gallon be laid upon all low

Mr. John Baider: Who find, He had been Mayor of Wines, or Spirits of tire first Extraction, made or drawn Yarmouth, and had looked into the Records of the Town, from any other English Materials, and found it to he customary for the Majority of the capital Resohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Burgesses to consent to make a Freeman; but believes That a Duty ot Eight-pence per Gallon be laid upon all some have been made free when but Three or Four of low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or the capital Burgesses have been present; but then others drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any have contented. Mixture with foreign Materials.

And also produced a By-Law, made 21 September, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 22 Car. I hli.; by which it is agreed, That no chief Bur- That a Duty of 12 per Barrel be laid upon ail mixed gel's, or free Bhrgefs, 11muId be made, unless the Mayor, Liquors, commonly called Sweets, and Five of the chief Burgesses, be present, and consent. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner also called, That the said Duties be granted' to his Majesty for the

Mr. James Dare: Who laid, That Edward Couper, Term of Five Years from the 25th Day of March

David Stevens, John Lee, John and Daniel

Dickenson; whereof the First was Servant to Major Holmes, and lived in a Farm of his; and the other Four were allb the Major's Tenants; were made free without his Consent, or the Consent of Mr. Cotton and Mr.; so that though Seven were really present, yet not above Four, with the Mayor, conifcnted to their being made free: But however, he could not say, that any Ditfenl was declared' publickly: But after they were made free, he told Major Morgan it was not fairly done.

Mr. Robert Dyer, Mr. Lucas Brown, laid, That these

1696.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for raising the said Supply, his Majesty be impowered to borrow the Sum of 515,000l. upon the said Duties, and upon the Revenue; to be paid after the Tallies already struck thereupon.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally' put thereupon, agreed unto by the Iloule.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Five, now excepted to, were excepted to at the Time of Solicitor-General, and Mr. Clark, do prepare, and bring the Poll. m, the Bill or Bills.

For the Sitting Member, it w as infilled, Resolved, That it be an Instruction, That they be im-

That though Mr. Urry had surrendered his chief Bur- powered to make Provision for the better securing his gageflnp, yet he remained a free Burgess, and had a Right Majesty's Duties of Excile on Beer, Ale, and other to vote. Liquors; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of

And produced a By-Law, 21 Sept. 1680, by which the Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with it w as agreed, That no chief or free Burgess fliotild be the said Duties.

7 o

eleCied, unless the Mayor, and major Part of the chief Burgesses, were present, upon Penalty of )o>/; Which, the Sitting Member's Counsel insisted, was a Repeal of

Sir Thomas Littleton allb reported, from the said Com- Supply Bill;

mittee of the whole House, the Amendments, made by

--- - . ~ ' J- French

the former By-Law; and the Election of the Five ob- them, to the Bill for granting to his Majesty an additional jcCted to by the Petitioner, was according to the last By- Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandize; which

he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the

Law.

That it allb appeared to the Committee, That Richard Vally, who voted for the Petitioner, had been dilbur-gefled.

And'a Witness said, He could not find Mr. Conyers, another of the Petitioners Voters, in the Book of the free Burgesses.

That the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Clerk's Table: Where the linnc were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the" Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added so the Bill, for Sale of Goods left in Ships, upon Clearing; with Blanks therein:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled

That Anthony Morgan Esquire is duly elected a Burgess up; and afterwards withdrawn, by Leave of the House.

r ' r l!___ 1 r r? \ ~ A______J__________Ad i__________IXTl

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Yarmouth in the Isle of Wight.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ways ami Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day,

Meant. reported from the Committee of the whole House, to

wirom it was referred to considerof-Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Civil List for the Year 1696; and for the Relief of the poor French Froteltants; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed > 23

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, to except Salt;

And the Question being put, That Salt be excepted;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro-poled, that this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next; Eart-M* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hbuie, to consider further of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to the East Indies;

Ah -Amendment was proposed to be made to the Ques-thn, by adding " after the Third reading the ingrossed

" Bill

J

8W. III. 28° — 300 — 31" 539

Wilton

Bridge.

" Bill for restraining the Wearing of all wrought Silks, ec Bengals, and dyed, printed, or stained, Callicoes, imported into the Kingdom of England, of the ProduQ: " and Manufacture oi Persia\ and the East*-Indies And the Question being put, That those Words Be added to the Question* 1 2 3 *;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth*

Teller for the Yeas,: }6

Tellers for the Noes, }

66.

Committees.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Rtjblved\ That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Gounnittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to the East Indies, after the Third reading the mgrossed Bill for restraining the Wearing of aW wrought Silks, Bengais, and dyed, printed, or stained, Callicoes, imported into the Kingdom of Englandof the Product and Manufacture of Persia, and the East Indies.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 30° die Martii;

8P Gulielmi Tertii.

Pit AY ERS.

fJR D EIIE D, That Sir Chr. Mangrove, Mr. Gaya, Mr. IBoyle, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Granville, Sir John Ern/y, Mr. Harley, Mr. Rouney, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Winnington, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act of 30 Eliz. for taking off die Duty of Pontage, payable at Wilton Bridge, near Ross, in the County of Hereford, is committed.

tituled, An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, be read a Third time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to Fines of die Bill, intituled, An Act for proclaiming, and making -nnent effectual, Fines levied of ancient demesne Lands, betaken into Consideration upon Wednesday come Fortnight.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Sail duties consider further of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the Dd War against France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Piogrels in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That the House will please to consider how the Seven Pounds per Cent, per Ann. for perpetual Interest of the Two millions Five hundred Sixty-four thousand Pounds, voted by the House, may be made up; the Duties upon Salt falling short to anivver, the fame.

Resolved, That it be referred to the said Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for making up the said Seven Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for the perpetual Interest. 2,364.000l.

Sir 'Thomas Littleton also acquainted the Ifoufe, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

lie solved. That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, and other the Matters to them referred.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty an addi-Duty on tional Duty upon all Trench Goods and Merchandize was

Gwds1 read l*ie time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandize.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Duty on A Petition of the Glass-makers in and about London,

Glass. on the behalf of themselves, and the Glals-makers in England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, by great Pains and Expence, have attained l'uch a Perfection in making Glass, as to outdo all the World therein; and hoped they should have reaped a Penefit thereby; but a Duty having been laid thereon by Parliament, by Mifinformation that Glass would bear a great Tax, the Consumption thereof has, since, been f> little, that the Petitioners have not had above some Eight, some Four, and foine not above Two, Weeks Work, to the almost Starving of the Petitioners; and if the Duties be continued, the Petitioners mutt be forced into foreign Countries to get their Bread; and thereby the Glass Manufacture will be ruined, as well as the Petitioners; the said Duty being a very small Advantage to the Crown: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that the said Duty upon Glass Wares may be taken oft'.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank; is committed.

Oaths of Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, inti-Supremacy tilled, An Act for altering Part of an Act, made in the in Ireland. Xbird Year of his present Majesty and the late Queen, in-Vo l. XI.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Halfpence whom the Matter of the Complaint, touching Halfpence a"d *ar* and Earthings, was referred, be made upon Wednesday 1 mgs' Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis,31* die Martii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

THE House, took into Consideration the Amend- Plantation ments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. Trade.

An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade:

And the fame, being read, were as followeth;

l Skin, 32 L. instead of " Seven," read " Eight."

2 Skin, 3 and 4 L. leave out " any other English Colbny, or Plantation;" and insert " the Kingdom of " England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon " Tweed."

13 L. after " Plantations," add " to be navigated by the Master, and Three-Fourths of the Mariners English, or of the said Plantations, as aforesaid;

" and whereof the Property doth belong to ."

19 L. after " Kingdom," add "to be navigated, as aforesaid; and whereof the Property doth " belong to Englishmen."

29 L. after " committed," add the Clause A,

That Merchandize may be imported, or exported, in any Prize-Ship, after her Condemnation, to be navigated, as aforesaid; whereof the Property belongs to Englishmen.

3 Skin, 34 L. leave out from " Oath" to " or," in the

36th L.y and insert " at the Times aforesaid."

6 Skin,

540 3 l° Marth. . 1696.

6 Skin, u L. after " shall" add "and may plead " the General issue; and shall give this or other Custom,

" Acts, in Evidence; and the Judge to allow thereof."

24 L. after " Westminster, or," add " in the

" Kingdom of Ireland, or in the Court of Admiralty " held in his Majesty's Plantations respectively, where " such Offence shall be committed, at the Pleasure of " the Officer or Informer; or in any other Plantation " belonging to any Subject of England."

25 L. leave out " in any of the said Colonies,

" or Plantations."

8 Skin, 34 L. after " he," add, " or they."

9 Skin, 4 L. after " Effort," add Clause B, That the Commissioners of Treasury and Customs in England shall appoint as many Officers of the Customs, in all Places, as they shall think fit, for executing the Acts relating to the Plantation-Trade.

12 L.after " England" add" or."

19 L. after " Informer," add Clause C, That all Places of Trust, relating to the Plantations, shall be executed by the native-born Subjects of , Ireland,

or the Plantations.

10 Skin, 29 L. leave out " to be in Force," and insert " or Copies thereof, being attelted under the Hand and " Seal of the Governor, or Commander in Chief, to "whom such Bonds were given, shall be in Force, and " allowed of, in any Court in England, Ireland, or the " Plantations, as if the Originals were produced in Court " by the Prosecutor."

34 I. for " Kingdom," read " Kingdoms and after " of," read " Scotland, and."

11 Sk. 3 L. for " Kingdom," read " Kingdoms;" and after " of," read " Scotlan, and."

At the End of the Bill, add the Clauses D and E.

Clause D, That no Person, claiming any Right in any Island, or TraCl of Land, upon the Continent of America, shall dispose of the same w ithout his Majesty's Licence, other than to the natural-born Subjects of or

Ireland:

Clause E, That after the 25 March 1698, no Ship shall be deemed to be English built, so as to be qualified to trade to the Plantations, until the same shall be registred upon Oath.

The first Fifteen of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Amendment 11 Skin, L. 3. being read a Second time, an Amendment was propol'ed to be made, instead of the last " and, " to read " or:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Relicluc of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Chadwick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments, with an Amendment: To which Amendment they desire their Lordships Concurrence,

A Aviation Mr. Speaker acquainted the House with the Answers

the Kin"d&cS *iat* received from the several Members he had, ac-e ing' c* cording to Order, written to, in relation to their signing the Association; viz.

That Mr. Godolphin, and Sir Bice Rudd had signified their Readinels to sign the fame; but were indisposed.

That Sir John Barker, Mr. RichaYd Lewis, the Lord Bulk ley, Sir Ro. Owen, and the Lord Burleigh, desired to be excused.

King's Pl«a- Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of hw Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do hum-he will be bly know his Majesty s Pleasure, when he will be attended

attended. by this House.

Roberts' A Complaint being made to the House, by Mr. James Accounts. Morgan, Executor of Sir John Morgan, Thex Mr. Richard Roberts, Agent to the said Sir John Morgan's, and other Regiments, had been often required to give in his Account*

relating to the said Regiments, before the Commissioners for taking and dating the publick Accounts; but had hitherto neglected to give in the same;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Richard Roberts, for neglecting to account before the Commissioners for taking and dating the publick Accounts, for the Regiments he hath been Agent for, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

a

Ordered, That Sir Mamma. IVvoelSir Thomas Day, Expiring Mr. Mcrwdit, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Yates, Sir Fra. Mas- Law*. sam, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Hen. Goff', Mr. Moore, Mr.

S/olces, Sir Gdbert Clarke, Mr. Ston be added to the Committee, to ... . the Bill for continuing several Acts therein mentioned is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Lowther, Sir W.m. Lowther. Courts of Mr. C 'larke, Mr. Hunt, Mr. MolesivorthMr. Equity,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating Proceedings in Courts of Equity is committed.

Ordered, That Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Baldwin, Sir Kensington Jos. Tyly, Mr. Harvey, Mr. WhitacSir Ra. Hutton, Pavement, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Richardson, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Kensington, is committed.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to go to the Progress of Tower, to take an Account of what new Monies have been the Coinage, coined there, and what forwardness they are in for further coining Silver; and to make their Report to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Tyly, Lord Raw let,

Mr. Manley, Sir Harry llobart, Mr. Moyle.

Mr. Culliford, according to Order, prdented to the preventinij

House a Bill to prevent Stock-jobbing: And the Bill was Stork-job-' received. ^ing.

An ingrossed Bill for reftrah.ing the "Wearing of all Prohibiting wrought Silks, Bengals, and dyed, printed, or fiained, Cal- India Silks, lieoes, imported into the Kingdom of England, of the Pro- CulueoesAc. dud and Manufacture of Persia, and the East Indies, was, according to the Order of the Day, read a Third time.

Rctblved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for restraining the Wearing of all wrought Silks,

Bengals, and dyed, printed, or stained, Callicoes, imported into the Kingdom of England, of the Product and Manufacture of Persia, and the East Indies.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Mclfage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Ridout'g this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of Estate*. Lands in Ilorsingtcn, in the County of Somerset, Part of

the Estate of Christopher Ridout, an Infant, for Payment of Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preferring the Residue of the said Estate for the Infant:

And also have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bffftoll Hoffor erecting Hospitals and Workhouses w ithin the City of pitaIs, ire. Bristol/, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved English Eatl itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider India Com-further of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to PaG^ the East Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Gram-ill took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Granville reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved\That this House will, upon Thursday Morning

next.

8 W. III.

31° Martii. — i° — 2* Aprilis-

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

African Resolved, That this House will, upo» Saturday Morning

Company, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa.

Committees. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That all Committees be adjourned;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for «he ' }

Tellers for the ?££* }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

52.

5i.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuni, 1* die Aprilis;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Preventing \ BILL to prevent Stockjobbing was read the First

stock- f\_ time.

jobbing. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

BriftollHof. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

piths, itc. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Bristol!, for the better employing and main-

taining the Poor thereof:

And the said Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

3 Press, L. 42. leave out the first " in."

6 Pr. 10 L. after " Matters," insert " relating!"

8 Pr. 29 L. after " Aldermen," add " without the " Mayor."

39 L. after " Aldermen," add " without the

" Mayor."

9 Pr. 15 L. after " Aldermen," add " without the " Mayor."

10 Pr. 18 L. leave out from " Correction," to provided," in the 34th Line j and read " for the Space " of Three Years."

Ordered, That Mr. Yates do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Supply Bill; Mr. Clark, according to Order, presented to the House Duties on a Bill for laying several Duties upon low Wines, or Spi-Low \\ ines. rjtS; of t[le first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons, chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Frankly n:

Mr. Speaker,

Plantation The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Trade. this Iloufe, to the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade:

Bringing And also have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to

l'late to be . encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint, to be coined; coined. and j'ol- ftie further remedying the ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to go to

to examine Newgate, to examine Sir William Perkins and Sir John I on (pi raters -.Vs

at Newgate* V O L. Al.

541

Freind, in relation to the Plot mentioned in his Majesty's Speech.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, be the said Committee: And that they do go forthwith.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- SupplyBliI» solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty cer- Rflnir. tain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France;and for taking off the Duties of Tonage

upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establiftung a National Land-Bank.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the (hid Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Afoming next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Halfpence whom the Matter of the Complaint, touching Halfpence a,ld Far-and Farthings, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morn- tlll,1Ss*

ing.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Committee*. That all Committees be revived;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, forth } 34.

Manky: }

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Noes, Dyke>

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis,2* die Aprilis;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Sir William , Mr. Highway

Mr. Foley, Mr. Moyle, Sir Wm. Mr. Card- Laws.

ner. Air. Batikey n, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Holmes, Mr.

Ash, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Swft, be added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the better Explanation of an Act of the 2 2d Car. I Id, for the better repairing of Highways, is committed.

A Bill to prevent Stockjobbing was read a Second Preventing time. Stock-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Culli- j°bbinS-ford, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Bohun, Sir Gerv.

Mr. Moore, Sir Wm.Scawen, Mr. Mr. Godol-

phin, Mr. Nicholas, Sir Rowland Sir Jos. Tyly,

Afr. Norres, Mr. Sloan, Sir John Air. Gardner,

Air. Arnold, Mr. Colt, Sir Sam. BarAir. Slater, Mr. Fleming, Sir John Key, Sir Wm. Serjeant

Coward, Sir Marm. IVivell, Mr. White, Sir Hen. Colt,

Lord Cavendish, Sir Tho. Middleton, Sir Jac. Ashley, Air.

Boxeyer, Sir Steph. Evanse, Mr. B rot ha'ton, Mr. Hoxedes-

xeorih, Mr. Henley, Mr. Harley, Sir Robert Clayton, Air.

Yates, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Papillion, Sir John Fleet:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklin and Supply Bill; Sir John Hoskins: House Duty.

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

6 Y for

Aprilis.

A 1696.

IriihArrear*.

for granting to his Majesty several Rates or Duties upon presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thatfome Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Troopers of the said Regiment have petitioned this House, Money, without any Amendments. which is referred to a Committee; thereby censuring the

And then the Messengers withdrew. Petitioner of indirect and fraudulent Practices: And pray-

ing, That he may be Heard, in Answer to the said Peti-A Petition of several Soldiers, discharged from the Right tion; and that Justice may be done him.

Honourable the Earl of Oxford's Regiment, on behalf of Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition then helves, and others, now in the said Regiment, was be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Hill, and others, is referred: And that they

Petitioners have been greatly wronged, by their Officers do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with overcharging them for Horles, Refpits, Stores, Tranl- their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto.

portation, and other unrealbnable Deductions out of the Subsistence of their Irish Arrears; and, by their Accounts brought in before the Commissioners of Accounts, it appears, there is a great Arrear due to the Petitioners; which the Officers have received; and made Interest of it; but refuse to pay the Petitioners, who are ready to starve; by which Actings, his Majesty is abused, the Subject terrified from serving in the Army: And praying, That the House will redress their said Grievance.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Nathaniel Hill, anil others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the Iloulb.

A Petition of Frederick Hamilton, late Captain in -Colonel Co/lingxvood'sRegiment, in behalf of himself, and

African

Company.

A Petition of divers Merchants, in behalf of thevn-selves, and others, concerned in foreign Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending in the House for the Establishing of an Company, to be managed by a joint Stock, exclusive of all others: That there are vail Tracts of Land included within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, wherein they never had any Forts, Factories, or settled Trade; which have been lliut up from the Industry of such as are inclinable to attempt the Discovery of new and profitable Trades to the Nation, where Vent might be found for considerable Quantities of our Manufactures:

‘ That English Ships might be employed, to very great Profit, in trading to those Parts, and for such Commodities as the said Company never traded in, if they might be permitted so to do, without the lealt Injury to the East-his late Brother John Hamilton, late Captain in Colonel Lada Company, by reftruining such Ships from bringing

Englirti East India Coin-puny.

Ingoldby s Regiment, and killed at the Siege of Namur, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and his said Brother, faithfully served his Majesty in the War, everfmee his Aecclfion to the Crown; and often solicited Major Spencer and Mr.

Roberts, the several Agents of the said Regiments, to come to a fair Account; but could never obtain the lame: And praying, That the said Agents may he compelled to account with the Petitioner for the Monies received by them for him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of NathaniellHill, and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the Iioul'c.

A Petition of Sir Nicholas Baronet, Heir and

Reliduary Legatee of Sir Nicholas Crispe Baronet, deceased, his Grandfather, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's said Grandfather was a Merchant trailing to Africa, then little known to this Nation; and obtained, a Patent from King James and King Charles the First, for the foie Trade thither; and improved the lame, and built Carmanline Calile, and settled several Factories, at the Expence ofabove 100,000/; hoping, that he, or his Poltcrity, should have reaped the Fruits thereof; but, soon after the Reiteration, feme self-"interested Persons, fnggefting that the said Trade was too great for a lingle Person, and offering to make Satisfaction for the said Charge, procured a Patent for the said Trade to themselves; and agreed to pay the Petitioner's Grandfather 20,000l.; but never paid any Part thereof; and the latne is now juttly due to the Petitioner: And praying, That the House will direct the African Company to make the Petitioner Satisfaction for the said Debt, before any Bill pass the House in favour of the said Company; and that he may be heard, by Couulcl, to make out his Cafe, if the House think fit.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

such Commodities, in their Return to Europe, as the Company deal in: And praying, That such Liberties may he relieved to the Subjects of England, that they may not be hindered from trading to several Parts of the East Indies, and in several Commodities which the said Company do not trade in.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to the East Indies is committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

/Mr. E

; (Air. Arnold:

/nr* 11 r ,1 f Colonel

Tellers for l,c Noes,|W, J'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Yeas.

103.

1 /

J 101.

Ordered, That Mr. John IIoxo have Leave the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

to go into

Leave of Abltriice.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seaward have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. IValpoolehave Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Vice Chamberlain acquainted the House, That he King ap-having, according to Order, waited upon his Majesty, to know his Pleasure, when he would be attended by this i Ioufe, his Majesty had been pleased to appoint Tomorrow, between l'our and Five a Clock, at Kensington.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Clark have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Whence-

The Lord Marquis of Winchesterreported to

House, That the Committee appointed by them did, pur in ant to the Order of Yesterday, go immediately to Newgate, and lent for Sir William Perkins and Sir John Freind feverafly, and acquainted them with the Order of the House; and, according the reunto, did examine them;

And that Sir 111 Hi am Perkins owned his being privy to

the intended Assassination; and of being in

difeourfed of at Two or Three Meetings

the Examin

of Conspi-rators in Newgate.

when 'twas difeourfed of at Two or Three meetings t Iriib Arrears. A Petition of Francis Molyneux, late Agent to his and thinks 'twas a Fault that he did approve of

Grace the Duke of Schomberg's Regiment of Horse, was That he had received Hints, several times, of King

James

Security oi Kind's I'eribn.

Cloaisfing

i ia\£iih.

I laljpeiu e i»iul Faith 11 j^s-.

Supply Hill; T^ut.ei on h>w Wines.

8 W. III. 2° — 3° Jp543

James his Design of coming over, and particularly now; and was resolved to serve him, whenever he came, with himself and Friends; thinking thr#t he had Wrong done him; and'that it was his Duty to help him whenever he could:

That he consulted not with any but those that he could engage, and he had an Influence upon;

That he guessed he could have been able to have brought in to the Number of a Troop; but that he would never redeem his own Blood at the Expence of theirs that he had drawn in:

That, since Christmas, he did fee a Commission, which he understood to be King James's, directed to his loving Subjects, to levy War against the Prince of Orange, and all his Adherents: He believes it was ligned by King James: That it had a Seal to it; and that he saw it in the Hands of a Friend, which he desired not to name; but, he believes, he is nut in England*

And that Sir John Freind, on his Examination, dif-owned knowing any thing of the intended Alfaflination; but exploited his Abhorrence of it.

He conic (led, That he was at the Two Meetings mentioned at his Tryal; and that the Persons named to be present were there likewise: And that Chaniock was salt to France from One of those Meetings, to acquaint King James, That if he would come over with 8,»oo Foot, and Two thousand Horle, that Three or Four thoulimd Horle would be ready to join'him here; of which he did engage to furnish about Two hundred.

Ordered, That the said Report be entered upon the Journal: And that the said Committee do lee the same rightly done.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed with frhe Votes of this House.

Resolved, Nomine contradicento, That a Bill be brought in for the better Security of his Majesty's Person and Government.

Resolved, That it be One Head for the said Bill, That such as shall refuse to take the Oaths to his Majesty shall be subject to the Forfeitures and Penalties of Popitli Recusants convict.

Resolved, That it be another Head for the said Bill, to inflict a Penalty on such as shall, by Writing or otherwise, declare, That King William is not lawful and rightful King of these Realms; or that the late King James, or the pretended Prince of Wales, or any other Person, than according to the Act of Settlement of the Crown, hath any Right to the Crown of these Realms.

Resolved, That it be another Head for the said Bill, to ratify and confirm the Association entered into by all his Majesty's good Subjects, for the Preservation of his Majesty's Person and Government.

Resolved, That it be another Head for the said Bill, That no Person shall be capable of any Office of Profit or Trust, Civil or Military, that shall not sign the said Allocation.

Resolved, That it i;e - s nother Head for the said Bill, That the same Penalties be inilicted upon such as come out of France, as upon those that go thither.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Cotinlel at Law, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Scvcn-night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for encouraging the Removal of Bars; and for the Scouring, Cleansing, and Deepening, of decayed Havens.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Matter of the Complaint, touching Halfpence and Farthings, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for laying several Duties on low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for Vol. XL

preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning English next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, East India to consider further of the Bill for settling and regulating Company, the Trade to the East Indies.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 3° die Aprilis;

8# Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

PETITION of Francis de Salles, Surgeon, was Irish Arrears, presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner was Surgeon in the Regiment of Foot of Colonel du Combon for several Years past; and there are very considerable Sums of Money remaining due to the Petitioner, for such his Service, and Medicines: That the Petitioner has often desired Mr. Isaac Bonniatt, Agent to tlit* laid Regiment, to make up an Account of what Monies were lo due to him, but to no Purpose: That the Petitioner came over from Ireland to get the said Accounts, and has attended here several Months, and petitioned the Generals Court at the Horse Guards for that Purpose, who accordingly ordered the same; but the said Agent hath made such a confused Account, that the Petitioner is no-ways relieved thereby: And praying.

That the said Agent may be compelled lo make up a just and fair Account with the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Nathaniel Hill, and others, was referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Foultcny, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir papistsPro-Marm. Wivcll, Mr. Cary, Sir Gods. Copley, Mr. Lascells, teiiant Hein. Mr. Molesxcorth, Mr. Mason, Mr. L'uldall, Mr. Lamb ton,

Mr. Bethel/, Colonel Crauj'ord, Mr. Fudscy, Sir Wm.

Seaxcen, Mr. Ashby, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Stockdale, Mr.

Carr, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Greyn, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Boyle, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing Pa pills from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs is committed.

Mr. Gxcyn reported from the Committee, to whom it Encouraging was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Con- Private«rs. ference with the Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships in several Amendments, by them made, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; and for the Encouragement of Privateers;

That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Profs 2. L. 2. The Commons have disagreed with your Lordships in your First Amendment; because, by the whole Scheme of this Bill, the Advantage which comes to his Majesty, by any Merchant-Ship taken by any Privateer, is only from Customs arising upon the Goods of the said Ship; and therefore the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs are the only proper Persons to take care thereof; and for any Share accruing to his Majesty, or any other interested therein, from such Prize as shall be taken by a Man of War, the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, who are appointed by this Act to take care of that Revenue, will thereby be better qualified to make the several Dividends and Distributions appointed by this Act, without putting his Majesty to the Charge of any other Officers; and the rather, because the Officers of the Out-ports have been, and are now, employed in taking care of all Prizes brought into the said Ports.

L. 16.

3° Aprilis.

544

L. 16. The Commons disagree with your Lord Qiips hi that Amendment, for the Reasons aforesaid.

> L. 24. The Commons disagree with your Lord-ftiips in that Amendment, for the same Reasons.

' Pr. 3. L. 28. The Commons disagree with your Lordships in that Amendment; because the Officers of the Customs may have the Liberty of applying to the Court of Exchequer, as in other Cafes of Frauds in the Customs; and that likewise a ^iberty may be given in Cales of Appeals. 1

Pr. 4. L. 36. The Commons disagree with your Lordships in that Amendment, for the Reasons given for dif-agreeing to the First Amendment.

L. 39.and 40. The Commons disagree with your Lordships in that Amendment, for the same Reason.

Pr. 6. L. 4. The Commons disagree with your Lordships in that Amendment: because, this Bill being for the Encouragement of such who shall take Ships from the Enemy, they who venture their Lives therein, ought to have all reasonable Advantages that can be afforded them.

L. 39. and 40. The Commons disagree with your Lordships in that Amendment, for the Reasons aforesaid; and for that, it being almost impossible, upon the taking any Vessel to secure what lies in the Cabin, or above Deck, the Captor will be too much discouraged, by being made liable to so severe Penalties.

Pr. 7. L. 38. The Commons disagree with your Lordships in that Amendment; because the Clause in the said Bill is more effectual to prevent all Collusions and Commerce with France, than is prescribed in your Lordships Amendment

Pr. 8. L. 36. The Commons disagree with your Lord-lliips in that Amendment, for the Reason by them given for their Disagreement with your Lordships in your First Amendment

Pr. 9. L. 1. The Commons disagree with your Lordships in that Amendment, for the Reasons by them given for their Disagreement with your Lordships in the Amendment, Press 3. Line 28.

Pr. 9. L. 7. The Commons disagree with your Lordships in that Amendment; because the Perquisites of the Admiralty are not accounted for in the Exchequer; and, this being a temporary Act, the Rights of tire Admiralty will not be prejudiced thereby.

L. 22. The Commons disagree with your Lordships in that Amendment, for the Reasons given to the immediate preceding, and First Amendment.

L. 28. The Commons disagree to that Amendment j for that they do not apprehend the Lord Warden of the Cinque-Ports ought to have any further Advantages within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty of the Cinque-Ports, than his Majesty hath within the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty elsewhere.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles do go to the Lords, and desire a Conference with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments made to the said Bill.

Mr. Manky, according to Order, reported, from the Committee, to whom the Matter of the Complaint, touching Halfpence and Farthings, was referred, the as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; end afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Tabic, to be read upon Monday Morning next.

A person in Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, cuiiody to be to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Nathaniel Hill, and others, and of several other Petitions, was referred, That he wras directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the Serjeant at Arms may attend them with Agent Roberts in his Custody: And that they may have the Accounts relating to the Duke of Schomberg's Regiment, which lie before the Commissioners for taking and hating the publick Accounts.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do bring the said Agent Roberts to tire said Committee, when they shall appoint.

A. 1696.

Conference detired with Lords.

Halfpence and Farthings.

Ordered, That the Secretary to the Commissioners for. taking and stating the publick Accounts do attend the said Committee with Copies of l'uch Accounts as the Committee shall desire.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Garbling whom the Pill for regulating Abuses relating to garbling Spices. Spices, Drugs, and other Merchandizes, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next, at Twelve aClock.

A Bill for laying several Duties upon, low Wines, or Supply Bill; Spirits of the first Extraction; and for preventing the *)ut,l?.on Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Per- ow Ions chargeable with the Duties of Excise; w as, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Master, and Keepers, or Wardens, Ditto, and Commonalty, of the Mystery or Art of Brewers, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have ever since the Resolution, chearfully paid great Sums of Money for the Duties of Excise, and shall continue 1b to do to the utmost of their Power; but by a Bill, now depending in the House, there are several new Penalties and Alterations of such Parts of the former Acts of Excise, which were made for the Petitioners Advantage: That the same will, as they conceive, turn to their Ruin, without any Advantage to his Majesty: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counfol, againl't such Parts of the said Bid as tends to alter the said former Acts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put Perry's That Mr. Perry, a Member of this House, be heard be- ^la:m0.n fore the Committee, as to an Interest he claimeth in the Profits arising by the Post-Office;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Supply Bill; supplying several Defects in the Laws relating to the Pelt-Othce; And that Sir Robert Cotton and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir John Bolles reported. That he having, according to Lords agree Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Conference, they do agree to a Conference upon Monday next, at One a er nce' Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Lisburne have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, his Lady being very ill. Abfcuce.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright have Leave to go into the Country upon extraordinary Occasions.

A

.1;

the King, &c.

brought be* fore a Committee, &c.

Ordered, That the Speaker, upon pretexting the Affoci- AiToeiation ation to his Majesty, do make it the Request of this House, for defen(im? That his Majesty w ill pleal'e to order, That the said Affo-ciation of this House, and all other Associations of the Commons of England, be lodged among the Records in the Tower, to remain as a perpetual Memorial of their Loyalty and Affection to his Majesty.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

uv. ww.. "‘V w ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- 7 ——

fider further of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir

Supply Bid; Salt Duties hud Laud Bank.

Coo;-

545

Oaths of Supremacy iu Ireland.

Committee*.

Regulating

Hackney

Coachmen,

Answer on

prel'emed

.ViToriution.

Supply Dill; Duty on French Good?;*

Greenland

Trade.

English 1-ait India, (.'oilman v.

8 W. III. 30 — 4° — 6* Aprilis.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Mr. Boyle reported fnotn the said Committee, That

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, they had made a further Proorefs in the Matter to them That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to referred; and had directed him to move, That they may them referred; and lmd directed him to move, That they have Leave to fit again.

may have Ixjave to lit a^ain. Resolved', That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

House, to consider further of the said Bill, and the other

Matters to them referred. Mr. Cooper, according to Order, presented to the House Security of

a Bill for the better Preservation of his Majesty's Royal KingsPerf( n* Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Person and Government,

tituled, An A6i for altering Part of* an Act, made in the The Bill was read the First time.

Third Year of his Majesty and the late Queen, intituled, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon

An Act for the abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Monday Morning next.

Ireland, and appointing other Oaths, be read the Third time upon Thursday Alorning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Kine a Clock.

Sabbat i, 4# die Aprilis; 8# Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Ordercdy That Mr. Lewknor have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his fIealth. Absence.

Ordercdy That Sir John Comay have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health,

Resolved, That whatsoever shall, by Word, or Writing, Befolntion affirm, That the Association entered into, by any Member aSain.ft im-of this House, or any other Person, is illegal; such Person shall be deemed a Promoter of the Deligns of the late King James, and an Enemy to the Laws and Liberties of this Kingdom.

ORDERED, That Air. Fuller, Afr. Grey, Mr.

Bljeild, Mr. Granvill, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Trcdenham, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Here, Mr. Henly, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain the Act for regulating and licensing Hackney Coachmen is committed.

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, attended his Aiajdty Yesterday, and presented to him their Association; and, according to their Order, reqncfted, That his Majesty would be pleased to order, That the said Association, and all other Afibciations by the Commons of England, might be lodged among the Records in the Toner: And that, after the Association w as presented, his Majesty was pleated to lay;

Gentlemen,

I take this as a most convincing, and most acceptable, Evidence of your Attention; and, as you have freely aflbeiated yourselves for our Common Safety, I do heartily enter into the same Association; and will he always ready, with you, and the reli of my good Subjects, to venture my Life against all who flmll endeavour to iubvert the Religion, Laws, and Liberties, of England.

And, that afterwards, his Majesty was pleased to say, That he would take care, that this, and all other Afibciations presented to him, should be lodged among the Records in the Tower.

A Alcflage from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Sir John lloskyns:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandize, without any Amendment.

And then the Alcfibngers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the Subscription for carrying on the Greenland Trade: And that Sir Henry Ilobart and Mr. Chadwick do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to the East

Judies.

.Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Vol. XL

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- English ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^ast India House, to consider further of the Bill for settling and re- omt)an>r-gulating the Trade to the East Indies.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- African ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Company. House, to consider of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

A Petition of Mary Griebe, Wife of Conrade Griebe, Griebe's Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; letting Complaint, forth. That the said Husband was, by virtue of a Warrant dat. 7 Mar. last, from Mr. Secretary Trumball, seized by one Kittson a Mefi'enger, with all his Papers, for treasonable Praflices; and, by the said Warrant, was ordered to be brought before the said Secretary, to be examined touching the Premises: That he was never had before the said Secretary, though he was in the Messenger's Custody from the 9th to the 27 th of March aforesaid, when, at Two a Clock in the Morning, he was delivered to a Serjeant and a File of Mulqueteers, of the Dutch Guard, by the said Kitson, and privately hurried on board a Dutch Frigate, and there kept under dole Confinement, without Admittance to write to, or jpeak with, any Friend: And praying, That her Husband may be brought on Shore, and proceeded against according to the Laws of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Mr. Secretary Trumball come into the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 6* die Aprilis;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R Henry Hobart, according to Order, presented to Greenland -the House a Bill for the better Encouragement of Trade, the Greenland Trade.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Report from die Committee, to whom the Matter of the Complaint, touching Halfpence and Farthings, was *r'

6Z referred*

ITulfpeacc and Far. things.

546

6° Apri.

A. 1696.

referred, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, were, according to Order, read; and are as follow; viz.

That they found the Matter to be as followed);

George Robb said, That on the 13th of December last, he went to the Patentees Office on widi 20/.

in Silver, and desired of their Servants, that he might have 40 s.in Copper Halfpence and Farthings for 40#. in Silver; but he was answered, That the Patentees had made an Order, That no One Person should have exchanged above 10$. at a time: That he went again, on the 2d of January last, with a Guinea, in order to get 10$. worth of Copper Halfpence and Farthings; but the Patentees, Servants said, They would allow him but 28$. tie/. for his Guinea; but that if he could change his Guinea with other Persons, who were about a Dozen there present, they would let him have 10$. worth of Farthings:

And the Informant said, That they would take none but broad or milled Money.

Mary Austin said, That (he had 7 or 8 /. worth of Tin Farthings, which were received in the Patentees Office, and entered in their Books above a Year ago; and was promised, that ffie should have Copper Farthings for them; but, as yet, Die has not received any, though (he has been several times at the Office for that Purpose: But said, She has had Copper Money several times exchanged for Silver to the full Value; but then it was for broad and milled Money.

Mary Varnkamsaid. That (lie had about 12/. in Tin

Halfpence and Farthings, which (lie carried to, and were told over by, one Holt, in; w ho

belonged to the Patentees Office on Snow-Hill, as (lie believes; who refused some, and sealed the rest up in 5$. Parcels; and took is. per Pound for telling them:

That (he is a same Woman, and her Husband (ickly; and believes (he has spent 40 s. in Coach-hire, and other Charges, to get her Money changed; but never received more than 20$. in Copper Money; which was brought to her: and because, as (lie conceives, the Person that brought the same was not gratified according to his Expectations, he said, Perhaps it might be Seven Years before (he received any more.

John Field said, That, last was Twelve-

months, he carried 5 /. in Tin Money, which was told, and entered in the Patentees Books; and was promised he should receive his Change when his Turn came; but he has received none yet; though lie has been forced to borrow milled Money, to about 20 to go to the said Office to get Copper Money for it: And said, the Patentees Method of Exchanging was, to pay 10 s. per Week iu Copper Coin for every 100l. entered in their Books, of Tin Money.

Benjamine Tarrant said, He carried 5.'; s. worth of Tin Money to the said Office, in order to get it changed for Copper; but could not; though (bine others had their Farthings changed; and the Officers told the Informant, He mult ftav till his Turn came, which would not be till after the Holidays: This was a little before Christmas: But he did not go again; but fold 30$. of his Tin Halfpence and Farthings for 15$. to Two Women, who made it their Business to buy it up:

And fays, He has been forced to get milled Money to exchange for Copper Money,

IVm. Hartshorne, Victualler, said, He has been at the said Office Eight or Nine times, with 17$. in Tin Halfpence and Farthings, to change for Copper Coin; but has not had any changed: And said, He has not entered in the Office-Books.

Simon Blades, Chandler, said, He had about 20$. worth of Tin Farthings, That he had been several times at the said Office, and was promised Change for it; though he did not carry his Money w'ith him; but others had tneirs changed.

Kisdale,a Coffeeman, said, He had 3 /. in Tin Money, and lent his Son with 28 s. of them to change for Copper Halfpence and Farthings; but the Officers cut about half of them, as bad; so that, he bad but 14$. returned him in Copper Coin.

- Mrs. Hester, a Baker, said. She has now 5 1. in Tin Farthings and Halfpence, wherewith (he lent her Servant several times to the said Office, to get them changed; but the Crowd was Co great, that her Servant could not come near enough to have her Name cutered in the Books: '

And said, She has often lent Silver to change for Copper Coin; but could get none.

Tho. Lippige laid, That lie had about 40$. of such Tin Farthings; and went, lie believes, Twelve times, to the said Office, to have it changed; but the Crowd was always so great that he could not come so near to the Officers as to get his Name entered in their Books: But the last time he went he bought 16$. worth of Pew ter, on Snow-Hill, ior ‘22 s.worth of his Tin Farthings.

John Moseley, a Tin-farthing Jobber, laid, That, on

New-year's Day was Twelve-Months, being lick, he did, for his Support, publish Papers in Print, That he would give 10$. for 20$. worth of Tin Halfpence and Farthings, to any Person that should think fit do deal so with him, from .5 s. to 500 I.; and accordingly, did buy many Pounds worth at that Rate, and fold them again at a Shilling in the Pound Profit to Major Ccclcy, a Brazier, one Mr. Hill, and Mr. Stokes, and others whom he cannot now remember: That, before the Opening of the Patentees Office, the Informant bought of Persons, that carried them about the Streets, for 1 s. Profit in 5$; but said, He never was employed by the Patentees to buy for them, nor put out such Bills upon their Account, or by their Advice, but merely upon his own Account and Interest.

Mrs. Stokes said, That die bought 40$. in Tin Farthings and Halfpence, of John at 10 s. in the

Pound; and afterwards changed them at the Patentees Office, for their Tale in Copper Money: And said. That Mrs./Etf/v/ was the first Person that told her, Major Ceely bought up Tin Farthings and Halfpence.

Mrs. Alosely said, (lie used to dil'pose of many of the Tin Farthings and Halfpence, which her Husband bought, as aforesaid, to one Mr. Garret on Dunstans Hill, with whom ffie used to truck for Tobacco.

Mrs. H ard, said, (he was recommended by one Mr_ Compton, a Teller to the Patentees Office, to Major Seely, as a Person that bought up Tin Farthings and Halfpence; to whom Hie applied herself, and disposed of above 100 /. worth of such, to him and others, at 11 in the Pound: That, afterw ards, llie was employed by Major Seely, one Mr. IVeddall, and Mr. Mil, a Yeoman of the Guards, to

buy up Tin Halfpence and Farthings for them; and believes file did buy for them 2 or 300l.; and believes that Major Seely was employed by the Patentees, or their

Officers; for that (lie has l'een a Porter carry w hite Farthings from Mr. Sec/ye'sto the said Office, and return Copper Farthings to Mr. Seelye';and has heard Man say, That his Master had no other Reward for his Labour than a Glass of Wine, or so:

— Believes Mr. Garret has bought, and entered in the Ibid.Office, above 1,000l. in Tin Money; and that the said Hill and Randall offered white. Earthings to Mr. Seely; but he said. He did not care to meddle with any more of them, because he could have no Account from, the Office; and further laid, That one and

another Woman, said, That they were employed, as Servants, to buy up Tin Halfpence and Earthings; but did not say by whom: But the Informant has seen them, follow the said Compton; and that Topham bought up. more Ilian any body elle:

She further laid, That one Clark, a Teller of the Office, laid, The Patentees had not paid above 3,000 I. of Copper Money for the Change of 10,000l. in Tin Money; and that if (lie, and one Airs Wentworth, w ho w as then with her, had any white Farthings, he would change them; and laid, (he has paid 12$. in Tin Farthings into the Office, and received 5$. lfiort out of that Sum; and never received a right Tale.

Mrs. IFcntuorthsaid, She heard Clark lay, That the

Patentees had not paid above 3,000l. in Copper Money

for

8 W. III.

6° Aprilis.

547

for l o,oooo I. of Tin Money; and that heYaid Compton from them, he went again in December last; and then of-

could afford to lpend 155. a Week in Wine; and why should he not get something

And flic said, That she sold to Redhead'3 Wife, One of the Office, 48 s. in white Farthings for 28 in Silver.

To this -

Clerkcdenied, That he had ever any such Discourse with Ward and Wentworth: And said, That he has given Bond, of 200 I. Penalty, to the Patentees, not to buy any Tin Halfpence or Farthings

fered his said Farthings to two of the Officers; who refused to take them; but, about a Week after that, one IVdlford told them over, and said, If the Informant would come to the Office, he should receive a Week; to which he answered, That he had rather lose his Money, than receive it so.

Captain Tate, beingexamined touching the Means used to procure the Patent, said. He knows not what Gratuity was promited to any Person, to procure the said Patent:

he believes, Mr. Seely and Mrs. Ward had Dealings in such manner, as aforesaid; and that Seely has about 2001. in Tin Money in the Office; and receives his Proportion, as others do, at the Rate of 10 per Week for every 100 /. pursuant to a late Order of the Patentees.

Major Seely said, That, in a Year and Halfs time, he has taken in Trade of Country Chapmen, and bought of Persons about Town, at 1 is. 11 and 10& in the round, about 227/. in Tin Farthings and Halfpence, which he has entered in the said Office; and has received about f) I. in Copper Coin, of the Patentees; and believes all Persons have received their Proportions according to the said Order:

And said, That the said Money is all for his own Use; and that he changed tire Tin Farthings out of Charity to the Poor; and doth not know of any ill Practices used in the said Office: but said, Compton is a Teller between Party and Party, and the Patentees.

Inslippsaid, That he bought up, and fold. Tin Halfpence and Farthings, to Mr. Seely, Mr. Pur dec, and Mr. Curie, at 12 s. 11 s. and 10 s. per Pound; (,) [and fold about 401, worth of them to Seely, at 11 s. and 11 8

per Pound] j but believes none of them had any under and Dealings with the Patentees:

That he has given 12 s. in Silver, in the Pound, to poor People, for their Tin Money; which he has afterwards carried to the Office, and received his full 'Pale for them, in Copper Coin; but the Crowd was so great that not-Witbstanding the great Profit, it was not worth while to attend the Office:

And said, He had always Change when he asked for it;

to one John Body, a Button-maker; and has carried into the Patentees Office Tin Money, for which he has received his Change in his Turn.

Mr. Hill, Yeoman of the Guards, said, He never bought any Tin Halfpence or Farthings for the Patentees; nor any other Person, except Mr. Curie, a Linen draper, for whom he bought up 150/. at 1 os. per Pound in Tale, and fold them to Mr. Curie at 1 \s. per Pound:

And said, He had often Tin Farthings changed at the said Office for Copper; and that the Tin Farthings, so bought by him, were brought home to his House.

Mr. Curie said, That he did deal with Mr. as aforesaid, for Tin Farthings, and took all, as they came in the Way of his Trade; inso much that lie had near I,oooo/. worth of them at once by him; 620/. of which he has paid into the Patentees Office, and has their Receipt for it; and has now above 300 Iworth of them at home: That People brought in their Farthings voluntarily to him; for which he gave, or allowed them, 12, it, and 1 oj-. in the Pound; but he has not, as yet, though ho might have, received, according to the said Order of the

and that the Office had changed from 10 to 10/.

Christian Tophamsaid, That flic has bought up some Tin Farthings at 10 s.in the Pound, for which the uled

to bargain with one Mr. Curie,a Linen-draper, for Cloth; hut the Quantity was so small, that 'tvvas more to supply the necessary Occasions of her Family, than to drive a Trade that way; though the uted to tell Fruit in the Country, and about Town, for w hite Farthings.

John Farrell said, that he bought 5 /. in Tin Farthings at 10 s. per Pound, which he entered in the Office-Books, and acquainted Mr. Slany therewith; who said, That they would be changed in a little time; but that he must take his Turn; lb doubts not but that he shall have them changed; though he has had none yet; and said, He has about 10 I. more of the like.

Israel Hopper said Christian Topham, and another Woman offered nim 5 d. in the Shilling for 5 /. worth of Tin Halfpence and Farthings; but he would not take it; and afterwards went to the Office to have them changed but could not come near for the Mob.

Richard Bowler said, That, on a Wednesday in

Patentees, after the Rate of 10& per Week, for a 100l. in hopes to bring them to better Terms.

Jonathan Burrow: That, in April last, he went to the Office with 33#. in Tin Farthings, to change for Copper; and had i's. returned as bad: That, about Three Weeks ago, he received (/>) [from the said Office] 3 I. in Copper Money, of which he weighed 21 which wanted forne-thing of a Pound Weight, as it ought to w eigh.

John Sherijfclaid, That he bought a Parcel of Woollen

Stuffs of Mr. Slaney, One of the Patentees, for which he

was to pay 30 I. in Tin Money into the said Office; and Compton would have Two Guineas for telling them over; That, afterwards, a Salesman, viewing the said Goods, said, He would not give Half what the Informant had given for them: And produced the Bill of Parcels.

Mr. Slaney iaid, That when he gave over his Trade of a Woollen-draper, he had many Parcels of Goods lying by him, and many Chapmen came to buy with Tin Halfpence and Farthings; and, amongst the rest, the said She-rif/'c j to whom the Informant said, That he would not fell cheaper than he bought; w hereupon said. He

u'ould have the Goods; for which he was to pay 30/. into the Office in Tin Money; which Mr. Slany has now in his Hands; the other Patentees refuting to let him change any of them: And as to Compton, he told Sheriffe, He must agree with him as he could, if he employed him out of the Office Business.

Ann Jones laid, That Redhead's Wife, a Receiver in the Office, lends Money on Tin Halfpence and Farthings.

Jones said, His Brother left a Note with him, under Mr. Redhead's Hand, for 6.5 I. paid him in Tin Far-

ary 1604, he went to enter his Name in the Books of the things; for which Mr. Redhead was to deliver him Pew-laid Office, for 5/. Tin Money; but was told by the Ser- ter Wares of the like Value; but the Informant never vants, He came on a wrong Day; but they would fend received but 10 out of the Office; though he had spent for him, when his Turn should come j and, not hearing many Days in attending.

Vo l.XI. Mr.

(a) Supplied from the original Report- IM-

Halfpence and Farthing*.

Compton laid, That he did direfit the said Mrs. Ward to But the Copper Company endeavouring to procure a Pa- Mr. Seely, because she w anted a Chapman to take her Tin tent, they were opposed by Mr. Barton and Mr. Slaney Money off her Hands; but did it not by the Order, or for so the Copper Miners and Patentees joined, bearing their the Ule, of the Patentees, but for the Interest of Mrs. own Charges; and the Rcalbn of their joining was, be-Ward, who bought and sold the fame; and Mr. Seely, who cause the Patentees bid more Money for a Patent to them-is his Acquaintance, and who, upon Discourte together, selves, than the Copper Company: And knows not what laid. That, if the Office was so full, that they could not Money was given for it; but has heard some Gratuity was change the Poors white Farthings, if they would come to to be given the Marquis of Mompelier. him, he w ould give them J 0 s. in the Pound, ready Money, Randall Bethell laid, He fold several Hundred Weight

for their Tin Halfpence and Farthings: And upon this, of'J in Farthings and Halfpence, at 6d.per Pound Weight,

Halfpence and Farthings.

u

548 6° A\ 1695.

Mr. Redhead said, That he did make such Bargain, as aforesaid, and gave i'uch Note for 65/. in Tin Money which he received of the said Jon, his Brother, before he went out of Town to NantwichBut the Reason of giving the said Note was, because the Informant's Goods were not ready: And afterwards the said Jones received the said Goods, and delivered up the said Note to Redhead; and the Money is entered in the Office-Books, in Redhead's) own Name; and is yet unchanged; and knows the 10 5. received by Jones, is upon his own Account.

Mr. Barnes said, He never bought or sold Tin Farthings; but he carried 305. worth of them to the Office; and had 25 s. of Copper Farthings for them.

Robert Weddell said, He never employed anybody in buying or selling Tin Halfpence or Farthings.

IVm. Lawrence, Victualler, said, That he had several times received Copper Farthings, for Silver, by Sam. ford, a Servant belonging to the said Patentees, who used to bring the Money home to the Informant's House, and demanded 21 s.for 205. in Copper Money, and l'orne-times a Pint of Wine, saying, He befriended him to take but zi s. whereas he usually had 2 for the like Sum: And said, He has been several times at the Office, but did not complain to the Patentees of IVtaking more in Silver than lie paid in Farthings; nor ever law him, or any other of the Officers, demand more than Value for Value, at the said Office; nor does he know, that Watford's Employment in the said Office was, to change Copper Farthings for Silver:

But the Informant did buy for Tin Halfpence

and Farthings, at the Rate of 105. per Pound, to the Value of 20/.

IVm. Peirson, Clerk to the Patentees, said, That

ford is only a Teller under Mr. Redhead, and not employed to change for Silver nor Copper Money; but, being formerly a Tin Farthing-maker, was looked upon as a Person most capable to judge between the good and the bad Tin Farthings and Halfpence, in telling of them.

Anthony Redhead laid, He believes might take

Money, on his own Account, for his Service in carrying out the Copper Coin to those that exchanged for Silver; because it was not his proper Business: But Wolford weekly returned Tale for Tale of Tin Farthings for those of Copper, which he received; and believes the Patentees did not know of it.

John Williams said, That before the said Order to pay

10 5. a Week for every too /. of Tin Money paid into the Office, the Patentees lent Tickets, in course, to those Persons w ho had paid in their Farthings, w hen they should receive their Proportions; and has heard, and believes, that Walford did buy Tin Farthings and Halfpence; but doth not know it of his own Knowledge.

Richard A lam, Baker, laid. That he has paid 70/. in Tin Halfpence and Farthings into the said Office, for which he receives 7 5. per Week: And that, about Octo-

ber 1694, he made an Agreement, in Writing, with Anthony Redhead, to give him 20/. per Cent, to take 500l. in Tin Money; and said, That he did receive about 24/. at several times, in Copper Money, for 30/. in Tin Money; but said, The Agreement so made was, as he believes, before the Patent for making Copper Halfpence and Farthings.

Anlh. Redhead said, He did agree with A lam for about 30/. in Tin Farthings, at tft.v. in the Pound; but believes it was before the Copper Patent, and before he w as employed by the Patentees, without their Knowledge, and on ltis own Account:

That, of 500l. in Tin Farthings, bought up, and taken by him in his Trade, he now has the greatest Part of them: That the Patentees have postponed their Servants in the Receipt of the Copper Money, that have bought up Tin Farthings; and obliged them in Bonds of 200l. Penalty apiece, not to buy any more: And that he never received above 25 I. or 301, out of the Office in Copper Money.

That, about Three Quarters of a Year since, he did alk Leave to buy Tin Farthings; but the Patentees refused to

give it him; bat did connive at his taking some small Sums from Debtors, in the Way of his Trade, he being a Pew terer, at about 6 d. per Pound Weight, bad and good together, whereas the Bad is not worth above 3 d. per Pound Weight.

John Matha.es, Appr' to Captain Barton, Pewterer, livid, That he works under the Patentees Office; and said, Two Cart-loads of Tin Farthings and Halfpence were brought to the said Office; and received those

in One of the Carts; but knows not of any Abuses in the melting of them down, or otherw ife.

John Kuoidcs said, That he paid in Tin Farthings,

into the said Office; and had about 405. returned as bad; which he believes not One in Ten to be so; for that he knows Tin Farthings as well as 1110ft that pretend to it; and said, He has received his Proportion of Copper Change, at the Rate of to5. per Week for 100 I. all but 305.; for which he went, on a Wednesday, about Three Weeks ago; but was told, That Saturday was the Day to pay them out.

Win.Coningham said, That he paid 13 5. 6 d. in Tin Money, to one Williams, a Servant of the Office, since dead, soon after the Opening of the Farthing Office; for which he never received more than 3 s.; but has heard, that a Ticket was issued out for Payment of the rest of his Money; but, he being out of Town, it never came to his Hands; and said, His Name was entered for 30;

which was all that he had; though he paid but 135. 6 into the Office.

That several of the Witnesses, formerly examined, being again summoned to make out the Complaint;

Bui. Clark, John JI at lines, Gregory h(tms, and Robert Weddall; they all laid, That they had no new Matter to inform the Committee of, nor knew of any Abuses committed by the Patentees.

And the Committee being informed, That one Smithy managed the Complaint; he was called in, and examined: Mr. Smithy laid, He was employed by Mr. Lock, Mr. laneratce, and others, as a Solicitor, to draw up a Bloviate, and retain Counsel, and summon Witnesses, in order to make good the said Complaint again!! the Paten tees } becaute they did conceive many ill Practices were ul'cd by them; and that the Continuance of their Patent, during the Term of Seven Years, would be very burdensome to the Subject.

To all which several Informations and Allegations, Mr. Parry, One of the Patentees, in behalf of the rest in general, answered:

That the Patentees had taken all the Care imaginable to prevent Clamours, and to change all Persons Tin Halfpence and Farthings, in course, as they brought them, pursuant to the Direction of their Patent; which docs not oblige them to change above 200l. a Week; which they have more than done; That the Patentees have bound' their Servants in Bonds of 200l. Penalty apiece, not to buy any Tin Halfpence or Farthings, or make any Advantage by changing the m; and that they shall take the current Money of the Kingdom in Exchange for the Copper Coin, Tale for Tale:

And produced Witnesses to prove the feme:

Mr. Corbet, Comptroller of the Patent, laid, That the Patentees have exchanged, in Tin Halfpence and Farthings, and for Copper Halfpence and Farthings, above 200 La Week, one with another, ever since the Connnence-ment of their Patent, which was on the 24th of 1G94, to the 24th November 1695; and that the Copper Farthings and Halfpence, issued out by the Patentees, are made up to theftandavd Fincness, and are of full Weight; and if at any time some of them happened to be lighter than they ought to have been, and not well-coined, the same are such as they call Brocage; which are alw ays returned, to be re-melted, and coined, except, by the Over-fight of the Teller, l'ome of them come abroad; which is no Advantage to the Patentees, the Mint being to recoin such Brocage at its own Charge.

And Mr. Corbet delivered in an Account of Profit and

iS Lois

8 W. III.

Lois to the Patentees, from the 24th June 1694,. to the never refilled current Money when he had Farthings to 24th November 1695; whereby it appeared they were fell. and tarUi*

above 2,400 /. out of Pocket: Mr. Redhead laid, He received the Copper Money of

That, Weekly, his Servant, has seen the Patentees melt Mr. as aforesaid; which he exchanged for the

doxvn 211/. and 46\ in Tin Halfpence and Farthings; like Tale of Tin Money:

of which his Servant kept a constant Account; and that And avers, That 211/. 4?. a Week of Tin Money, he had heard it alleged, the Servants of the Patentees had except for the Four first Weeks, has been exchanged for taken Money, for felling Copper Money for Silver, above the like Value in Copper Money, from the Cth of Noth?, Tale; but believes it false; for that lie taxed them with v 1694, to this time: ft, and they all denied it; but there used to be a mighty The Reason of paying the 211/. 4 Week was.

Crowd, may be of 500 at a time, about the Office, more by Direction from the Lords of the Treasury, to fetch up of Buyers of the Tin Money than Exchangers, as the Ser- the loft Time from the 24th June, the time of Com-vants said; and that some Persons entered 1,000l. when mencement of the Patent, to the said 6th of November, they had not 5/. to be exchanged: And believes the Pa- the time when the Patentees began to exchange: And the tentecs have pursued the Direction of their Patent. Comptroller, or his Deputy, did always lee that an/. 41.

Mr. JDocIrura said, That the Copper Company, of per Week, of Tin Money, was melted down; of which which he is a Member, have furnished the said Patentees they kept an Account with the Informant; and confe-with 145 Tons of English Copper; which was so fine, that questly lo much was exchanged for Copper Coin: it will very near make as fine Wire as the Swedish Cop- And that it is only the Informant's Business to melt per: That the said Copper will not bear a worse Alloy down the Tin Money, and exchange them for Copper; than as the Patentees receive it; and now they must pay and that he always exchanged Tale for Tale, and not i 20 /. per Ton; whereas, formerly, they paid but 100l. otherwise; and believes the other Servahts of the said per Ton; because the Price of Copper is raised to the Office did the like; and that some Persons might enter Company; at which Rate the Copper Company have themselves to have 1,100l. tvorth of Tin Money, when agreed to furnilli the Patentees with 70 Tons in One they had not above tool.

Year: And that the said Company have fold almost all That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to their Copper to the Patentees. the several Ilesolutions following; viz.

Mr. Davis, the Roller and Cutter, laid, That all the That, upon Examination of the Complaint

Copper Farthings that are rolled are worth 120/. per Ton; made against the Patentees for making Copper Halfpence and that the Copper must be fine, or it will not roll; and and Farthings, the Committee are of Opinion, That the cannot say any thing to such as are cast: But the Paten- said Patentees have made the said Farthings and Halfpence tees pay 5</.a Pound-weight for making either. of good Copper, according to the Direction of their Pa-

Mr. Rotter said. He takes Casting of Copper Blanks for tent.

Halfpence and Farthings to be the most proper Way of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, making the m; for that they can calt much falter than That the said Patentees have exchanged and delivered out roll;' and One Pair of Dice for Calling will last longer (a) [Copper] Halfpence and Farthings for Gold and than Three Pair of Dice for the Roll; and believes the current Silver Money, at the common Value, without cast Farthings to be as fine, and better coloured Copper, any further Recompence.

than those that are rolled: And that the Patentees pay Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the same Rate for Casting as for Rolling. that the said Patentees have exchanged 200l. a Week,

Tho.Pendleton, Book-keeper at the Mint, said, He of Tin Farthings and Halfpence, for 200l. of the like keeps the Books of the Copper Coin at the Mint; and Value in Copper Halfpence and Farthings, pursuant to that the Blanks for Farthings cast, and those rolled, are their said Patent.

undoubted of the same Weight and Finenels: That, for The said Resolutions, being severally Read a Second almost a Year together, he took Notice of, and weighed time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, them, and found that 21 d.of them weighed a Pound- agreed unto by the House. weight, with the Remedy, within a Farthing and a Halfpenny over or under; and that lbme Pieces will be light- Mr. Thomas junior reported from the Committee, er, and some heavier, than others, do what they can; and to whom the Bill for Repeal of an Act made in the 39th Bridge, that some will be Brocage-Pieces, which ought to be Year of the Reign of Queen; and for taking

melted again. off the Duty of Pontage, payable at Wilton Bridge, near

Mr. Peirson, Clerk to the Patentees, produced the Book# Rosse, in the County of Hereford] was committed; That of Account, stated with the Comptroller, from the 24th they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had -June 1694, to the 24th November 1695, to which the directed him to report to the House; and which he read Account delivered by Mr. Corbet referred; of which- it in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's appeared to be a true Extract: But said. The Accounts Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the of the Office, since the said 24th of November, are not Question put thereupon agreed unto by the House, yet stated with the Comptroller: But produced all the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-Books and Papers relating to the whole Account, to the grossed. very Day of Examination:

Whereby it appears. That the Informant had paid Sir Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Highway to Mr. Redhead, the Exchange of Copper Farthings w hom the Bill for the better Explanation of an Act, of the Laws, for Tin Farthings, for the first Four Weeks, upwards 22th Year of King the Second, for the better Re-

of200l. a Week, in Copper Coin; and afterwards, pairing of Highways, was committed, That they had till near Christmas last, at the Rate of 211/. 41. per made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had

"Week; and since Christmas to this time, 211/. 4 s.per directed him to report to the House; and which he read Week has been exchanged between the Informant and in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Mr. Redhead: Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and

And said. That he never refused to take current Mo- then, some of them, a Second tine, one by one; and, ney, for Exchange of Copper Coin when he had any to upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto dispose of; and took Guineas as they were reputed to by the House.

pais; and many times loft 6d. in a Guinea, when he paid Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same them unto Goldfiniths. Committee: And that the said Committee do meet

Thomas Andrews laid, That he fells Copper Money, for morrow Morning.

Silver, for the Patentees; and never took a Penny above

Value for Value, as> 12 d,ia Far tilings for a Shilling; and () Septic* from tiw original Beporu'

Vo a XL 7 A A Petition

6° Aprilis.

549

i.

6* — 7*

A. 1696.

Parochial

Taxes.

A Petition of divers Gentlemen, and others, substantial and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons Inhabitants in several Parishes within the weekly Bills of chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

Mortality, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very uneasy under the heavy Burden of parochial Taxes, which are imposed in a most unequal Manner, by a few Persons, who assume to themselves the Name of Ancients, in pretended Vestries; and who audite the Churchwardens and Overseers Books in a private manner: And praying, That the House will give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating of Select Vestries, and preventing Abuses arising the reby, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 7* die Aprilis;

Security of A Bill for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal King'sPerson. person> Government, was, according to the Order of the Day, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Coojyer, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper, reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, after the Conference with the Lords is over, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Conference Ordered, That the Committee who drew' the Reasons with Lords, do manage the Conference to be had with the Lords, touching the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Grcyn reported, That the Managers had attended the Conference, and given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to several of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill; and left the Bill, and Amendments with their Lordships.

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Robert Hookes Esquire was pre- priv)-j of fented to the House: a Member io

And the same relating to Sir Thomas Estcourt, a Mem- a Suit, ber of the House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Estcourt do attend, in his Place, upon this Day Sevennight: And that the Petition be then read.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Earl of whom the Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Great Torringtnn*i Seal of England, to Arthur Earl of Torrington, by King " William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land,

Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Mesne Profits; was committed; be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for encouraging the Linen Ma- Linen nufacture of Ireland-, and the bringing in Hemp and Flax, MauuMme. be read a Second time upon Thui-sday Morning next.

Sir Robert Cotton, according to Order, presented to Supply Bill; the House a Bill for supplying several Defeats in the Acts t*oft Office, for erecting and establishing a Post-Office.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to enforce the Law Law* for restraining Marriages without Licences; and also to feCpefling enforce the registering the Births of Children: And that Colonel Perry and Mr. Farrer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Sir Jeremiah Snow Baronet, Jos. Hornby, claims of Thomas Smith, Esquires, Robert Williamson, and Richard Excise Security of The House, according to Order resolved itself again Poole, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented ^evenu*‘ King's Person. jn{0 a Committee of the whole House, to consider further to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners of the Bill for the better Security of his Majesty's Person, are legally intitled, by several Letters Patents under the and Government. Great Seal of England, to several yearly Payments, pur-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. chafed for valuable Considerations, out of the Revenue

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee! of the Hereditary Excise: That the Petitioners have,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. after a chargeable Prosecution, obtained Judgments in

Mr. Cooper reported from the said Committee, That the Exchequer, for the Payment of the Petitioners De-they had gone through the Bill and made several Amend- mands; and although Writs of Error have been brought ments; which they had directed him to report, when the thereon, yet the Judges assistant to the now Lord Keeper House will please to receive the same. have declared the Law to be for the Petitioners; and the

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Lord Keepers Judgment is expected therein the next Morning. . Term: That in the Bill now depending in the House, for

laying several Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- " ' ' '* *'

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing to

Supply Bill; Salt Duties and Land Bank.

Extraction: and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; there is a Clause for charging the

Supply Bill;

J Hi lies on Lo vv Wines.

his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for car- said Hereditary Excise with several great Loans, without rying ou the War against France-, and for taking off the any Saving for the Petitioners as if the said Revenue had Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for stood clear from the Petitioners, or any other Debts; to establishing a national Land-Bank. the manifest Subversion of their Right, as they conceive:

And praying, That they may be heard, as to such Part of Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, the said Bill as may prejudice the Petitioners legal Pro-after the Report of the Bill for the better Security of his ceedings for Recovery of their laid just Rights.

Majesty's Royal Person, and Government, resolve itself And a Motion being made, and the Question being into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred Bill for laying several Duties on low Wines, or Spirits, to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said of the hi tt Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds Bill is committed; The

' % '*k

Gr*"

Ul

Leave of Abfeoce.

8 W. III.

7* Aprilis.

55i

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^jj£ }

Teller for heN^i^t,: }*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: 'And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House: And it is referred to Mr. Norris, Mr. Sir

Chr. Musgroce, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Mr.

Gwynn, Sir Alarm. JFivell, Mr. Blathwaite, Sir Robert Havers, Lord Coningsby, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Lord

Ranelagh, Sir John Kay, Sir Henry Goff, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Bridges, Sir John,

Parsons, Mr. Manly, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Mr.

Sturt, Mr. JVatlington, Colonel Perry, Mr. Boscawen,

Sir Fra.Massam, Mr. Colt, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Fownes, Mr.

Finch, Sir IVm. Cooper, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Moore, Mr.

England, Doctor Ouenden, Sir John IVolstenholme: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are to lit de die in diem.

Ordered, That Mr. Bctliell have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

in Trull for the Petitioner, and confirmed to them by several Acts of Parliament: That the Petitioner has settled the said Annuity, by Moieties, after her Decease, upon the late Duke of Grafton, and the Duke of Northumberland, and the Reversion on the Crown: and upon which the Petitioner hath borrowed great Sums of Money:

That there is a Bill depending in the House, for laying several Duties on low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; ..... may tend to the great Prejudice of the Petitioner, and her said Sons respective Rights, if it should pals into a Law, as it now stands: And praying,

That lhe may be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed. '

A Message from the Lords, by Sir AFiles Cooke and Sir Richard Holford:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Practifers of requiring the Praftifers of the Law to take the Oaths, and Law to taka subscribe the Declaration, therein mentioned, without ®aths* any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Jlii

Claims on Pott-Office {e venue.

bn

c

5s>

Eri

1:0

Ditto.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Johnson have Leave to go in the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernet have Leavfe to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Air. Payne have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Rickard Dashzcood, George and Anne Dashwood, younger Children of George Dash-wood Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That King Charles the Second, being impowered by Act of Parliament made in the 15th Year of 'his Reign, to charge the Profits arising from the Poll-Office with any yearly Sum, not exceeding 5,3821. 10 s.did, by his Letters Patents, dated the igth of January, in the 20th Year of his Reign, grant unto the Lord Viscount Grandison and Edward Fillers, and their Heirs, the yearly Sum of 4,700l. to be paid out of the said Revenue; which Grant was afterwards, by another Act made in the 22th and 23th of the said King, confirmed: That the said Lord Grandison and Mr. Fillers, Names were only used, in Trust, for the Duchels of Cleveland, and her Heirs: And, by Indenture dated 22 Sept. 1683, the said Trustees did, by the Direction of the said Duchels, grant the said yearly Sum of 4,700l. to the Executors of the Petitioners Father, and Trustees for the Petitioners, for the Consideration of 5,000l. paid to the said Duchels; and afterwards the said Trustees lent 1,000l. more to the Duchels upon the fi.#J Security: That the 6,000/ is not paid, and the Interest is greatly in Arrear; and the Petitioners have no other Security for their Money, than as aforesaid: And, praying, That a Clause, in the Bill, now depending in the House, for laying several Duties on low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; relating to the Poll-Office; may not prejudice the Petitioners Claims to the Profits arising the reby.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Most Noble Barbara Duchels of Cleveland was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is legally inlitled to the annual Sum of 4,700l. arising out of the Profits of the Post-Office, by virtue of Letters Patents, made by King Charles the Second, to George Lord Viscount , and others,

Vol. XL

Air. Cooper, according to the Order of the Day, re- Security of ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom £*"? the Bill for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Per- er on* son, and Government, w as committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them agreed, and others disagreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That all Persons coming from France, without Licence from his Majesty under his Sign Alanual, during the War, shall, upon Conviction, be adjudged guilty of High Treason:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the- Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That no Person refusing to take the Oaths to his Majesty, nor any Quaker refusing to subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, shall, at the Requell of a Candidate, be admitted to vote at any Election for Parliament-men:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, relating to the Plantations:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, to detain in Custody any Person that shall be committed upon Information, upon Oath, unless such Person shall be bailed by Order of the Privy-Council:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That, after the Determination of the present Parliament, every Member of Parliament, hereafter chosen, shall sign the Association, when they take the Oath, and subscribe the Declaration; otherwise the Person refusing so to do, shall be disabled to lit, or vote, in the House of Commons, during that Parliament:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

Th«

552 7* ~~ % aAprilis. 1696.

Supply Bill; Duties on Low Wines.

English

East India Company.

Garbling

Spices.

Committees.

Claims on

Excise

Revenue.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle, for teYeas/ls^=^; }

Tellers for the Noes,^'^*, pmxn;- j103.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read a Second time:

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inserting " a Member of the House of Peers, or And ffie Question being put, That those Words be inserted into the Clause;

It passed in the Negative:

The Clause, being amended in other things, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be tnede Part of the Bill.

' Another Clause was offered, to be added, with Blanks, That no Commission shall determine upon the Death of his Majesty, for Six Months after, unlel's the feme be sooner made void by the next Successor to the Crown:

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

AnotherClaule was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That the Queen-Dowager's, Prit\ce and Princess of Denmark's, Servants shall sign the Association; or else they shall incur the Penalty of Premunire:

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying several Duties on low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Extraction; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to the East hulks.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating Abuses relating to Garbling Spices, Drugs, and other Merchandize, was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,8* die Aprilis;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of John Bennett Esqulre was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is legally intitled, by virtue of several Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, to the yearly Payment of 600l. out of the Revenue of the Hereditary Excise, purchased upon full and valuable Consideration: That a Bill is now depending in the House for laying several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Extraction; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise ..... will greatly prejudice the Petitioner's Right; there being a Clause therein for charging the said Excile with several great Loans, without any Saving for the Petitioner: And praying. That he may be heard against

20

such Part of the said Bill as may any ways prejudice the Petitioner's said Demands.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Jeremiah Snow, and others, was referred.

A Bill for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Greenland . Trade was read a Second time. Trade.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Sir John Treviltian, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Berry, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Freke, Sir Marm. Wivell, Mr. Moore, Sir Gods.

Copley, Sir John Kay, Sir John Lowther, Sir Barnar-

diston, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Duncomb, Sir , Mr.

Moyle, Mr. Bock ling ton, Sir Henry Colt, Sir John Bucknall,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Mr. Ash, Sir

Tho. Littleton, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm.

Sir Wm.Honywood, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Brother ton.

Sir Geo. Hungerjord: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Encouraging the Encouragement of the Fishery: And that Mr. Moore the Fisherj. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for supplying several Defects in the Act for Supply Bill; erecting and establishing a Post-Office was read a Second ^®ce*' time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties on low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers,

Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; is committed.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom Expirbj the Bill for continuing several Acts therein mentioned was, Laws* committed, That they had heard the Cordwainers and Tanners upon their several Petitions referred to the said Committee; and had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Highway whom the Bill for the better Explanation of an Act, of the Eaws' 22th Year of King Charles the Second, for better Repairing of Highways, was re-committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's-Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And that Mr. Clark, Sir Edward,

Sir John Lowther, Mr. Poclclington, Sir Godfry Copley, Sir Wm. Honywood, be added to the said Committee:

And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they do provide. That all Carriages be drawn by Horses double, with a Poll between; but with Exceptions to such Countries, Places, and Roads, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Claims 0* . Jeremiah Snow, and others, was referred, have Power Excise to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Revenue,

Ordered, That Mr. Gardner have Leave to go into Leave of, the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence,

Ordered, That Mr. Kirkby have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for the

Security of

better Security of his Majesty's King's

Royal PerL

r

1

1

8 W. III.

8° — 9* Aprilis.

I*

Supply Bill;

Salk Duties and Land Bank.

r H

f tty*

v'-i

Pst

E?

Royal Person, and Government, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, by inferring, in Two Places, " his Royal Highness Prince " George, or;"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty s Royal Person, and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank; was committed; and to whom it was referred, to consider of Ways and Means for making up the 7/. per Cent, per Ann, interest of the 2,564,000l. granted to his Majesty for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcliuned the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Pesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House w il! plea/e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he w as directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

gift

J'

If*

(B*

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 90 die 8* Gulielmi Tertii.

' Prayers.

Linen Ma- A BILL for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of nufatture. /l Ireland, and bringing in Flax and Hemp, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Moksxoorth, Sir Robert Mr. Moore, Sir Wm. Scauen, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Mr.

Slater, Mr. Duncomb, Sir Mr. Mr.

Henly, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Mr. Duke,

Mr. Blaake, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm.

Mr. Papillion, Mr. Bohun, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Sloan, Mr. j Earner, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Math. Mr. Zore-ther, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Venables, Mr. Perry, Lord-Cornbury: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Inltrufition to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for > the Encouragement of making white Writing Paper.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the taking off the Duties upon Sail-cloth, upon

Exportation thereof.

Courts of Ordered, That Sir Marm. Sir Jos. Tdy, Mr.

Equity. Staines, Mr. Lassells, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Foley, Mr* Marucdit, Mr. Thompson, be added to the Committee, to V-O L. XI.

553

whom the Bill to regulate Proceedings in Courts of Equity is committed.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Town of Quartering ham, in the County of Noi'thumbcrland, was presented to Sol,l‘cr5-the House, and read; setting forth, That Captain James

Crow's Troop of Dragoons, late Brigadier Levesons, was quartered in the said Town, and marched from thence greatly indebted to the Petitioners for Quarters, Shirts,

Boots, and other Necessaries, to the Sum of 250/. which they can prove upon Oath: That the Captain promised Payment to the Petitioners; and, the Night before the Troop marched away, ordered one White, Clerk to Hie Troop, to pay the Petitioners what he ordered, which was leis than the late Afit allows; and if they would not take That, to pay them nothing: That White got in the Petitioners Bill; and, to feme, paid Half, feme a Third Part, and some none at all; and would not give them back their Bills again, nor pay them: That the Petitioners went, the next Day, to acquaint the Captain with White's Usage; and that he took 6 d. Poundage for what he paid; but the Captain would not suffer the Petitioners to speak to him, but inarched the Troop away that Afternoon: That during the time the said Troop was quartered at Hexham, they behaved thtmselves very disorderly, and scarce could have been worse in an Enemy's Country, to the great Discouragement of the Subjefit in like Cafes: And praying such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Wm. BSir Hungerford, Mr. Cull ford, Lord Ashley, Sir Copley,

Mr. Ashby, Mr. Brereton, Sir Jos.Till/, Sir Mr. Farrer, Mr. Conyers, Sir ChaRaleigh, Mr.

lington, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Duke, Mr.

Mr. Perry, Mr. Bagnold, bir John Jo/hs, Mr. Hedger,

Mr. Fiiekerstqfe, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Mr.

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Car, Sir Wm. Lonv-ther, Mr. Foster, Mr. Loncther, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Ash,

Mr. Bozryer:And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John W ard, Merchant, was presented to Claims on the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles l'oft-Oflice the Second, by Letters Patents, in the 13 Year of his Revenue-Reign, did grant to Sir Samuel Moreland, and his Assigns,

5001, per Annum, out of the Profits of the Polt-Office, during his Life: That, in 1603, Sir Samuel Moreland assigned the said Annuity to Sir Arthur Slingsby; and, by several other Mesne Alignments, the same carue to Sir Robert Clayton, as Executor of Alderman who,

for 1,420/. really paid, assigned his interest therein; under which Assignment the Petitioner claims a Moiety of the said Annuity, during the said Sir Samuel's Life: That there is a Bill now before the Iioule, for laying several Duties on low Wines, or Spirits, of the first Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers,

Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; which Bill is, amongst other Things, to charge the Revenue of the Post-Office with 515,000l.: That the said Revenue is no ancient Revenue to the Crown, but subjefit to several other Grants, and to feme by his present Majesty, as the Petitioner is informed: And praying, That lie may be heard, as to his Claim to the said Annuity, before the said Bill db pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of- the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. I

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Commitee of Wayg the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Mean*.

Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to i his Majesty, for making up the Fund of interest of Seven Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for tho'Millions Five

7 B hundred

Supply Bill; Duties on Low Wines.

Ditto.

Lord* de fired to continue fitting.

hundred Sixty-four thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had direfited him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table ' Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making up the Fund of Intcrelt of 2,564,000 /. certain Duties u|)on Gluts Wares, Stone and Earthen Potties, granted to his Majesty by an Act made in the 6th and 7th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for a Term of Years therein mentioned, be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the said Supply, a Duty of Twelve-pence per Gross upon all unglazed Tobacco-pipes be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; to be paid by the first Maker.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the said Supply, a Duty of One Shilling Six-pence per Gross upon all glazed Tobacco-pipes, be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; to be paid by the first Maker.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the said Supply, a Duty of Five Shillings per Gross upon all Tobacco-pipes imported be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; to be paid by the Importer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the said Supply, a Duty of Ten Pound per Cent, ad valorem, upon all Stone and Earthen Ware, not otherwise charged, be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; to be paid by the first Maker.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for completing the said Supply, a Duty of 10/. per Cent, ad valorem, over and above what is already payable for the fame, upon all Stone and Earthen Ware imported, China excepted, be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; to be paid by the Importer.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France; and for taking oflf the Duties of Tonage ujx>n Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Band; is committed; have Power to receive Clauses pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits, of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; is committed ..... have Power to receive a Clause for preserving the Revenue to her Royal Highness the Princess Anne of Denmark.

The House,. according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire, That they will continue to fit for some time longer.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Mr. Boyle'reported, That he having, according to

Order, been at the Lords; they do agree to fit some time longer, as this House doth desire.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address fur Majesty, representing, That in the Bill, now ready for his Royal Assent Majesty's Royal Assent, for encouraging the bringing to a Plate into the Mint, to be coined, there are Penalties which will take place from Tomorrow, if the Royal Assent be given thereunto.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to communicate the said Resolution to their Lordships; and to desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Mr. Pelham reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, and communicated to them the said Resolution, they do concur with this House in the said Address; and have sent the Lords with white Staves, to acquaint his Majesty therewith: And that the Lords do delirc, That this House will continue to fit for some time.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to continue fitting, as the Lords do desire.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Ernly do go to the Lords, and acquaint them therewith.

Resolved, That this House do, immediately, resolve Supply Bill; itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider Duties on further of the Bill for laying several Duties on low Wines, ow " and Spirits, of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Answer to

Sir Richard Ho ford: Addref*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House,

That the Lords with white Staves have attended his Majesty, and brought this Answer, That his Majesty intends to be at the House of Peers Tomorrow Morning:

And further, That the Lords do intend to adjourn till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Then Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Supply Bill, Committee of the whole House, That they had made a Duties on further Progress in the said Bill; and had directed him Dow Wines, to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again, to consider of the Bill for supplying several Defects in the Act for erecting and establishing a Post-Office.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, after the said Report, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Earl of whom the Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Great Torrin^ton'i Seal of England, to Arthur Earl of by King William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Level.

Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Level;

and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Aleliie Profits; was committed; be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Motion

8 W. III.

Supply Bill; A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Salt Duties Timt this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, re-and Land f0) ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

fider further of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

African Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ompuny. jn, next^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 10°

8° GulielmiTertii.

Prat f.rs.

Royal Assent A MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetwood to " Bills, 1A. Shepherd, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been plealed to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates, or Duties, upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money:

An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandize:

An Act; for the Continuing, Meeting, and Sitting of a Parliament, in case of the Death, or Demise, of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors:

An Act for continuing Pour former Acts, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England:

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1696, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not

repaid:

An Act for further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in the electing and returning such Members:

An Act for continuing several former Acts, for puniffi-ing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer:

An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen:

An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation Trade:

An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint, to be coined; and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom:

An Act requiring the Praftifers of the Law to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declarations, therein mentioned: An Act for Repair of the Highways between ham and Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for impowering the Most Noble Ann Duchess of Buccleuch, and the Right Honourable James Earl of Dalkeith, her Son, of the Kingdom of Scotland, to grant Leases for improving a Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money for the making Vol. XI.

555

a wet Dock, and improving the Estate of the Marquis Royal Aifent and Marchioness of Tavistock, at Rolherhiih, in the County to Bills, of Surrey:

An Act to naturalize William, commonly called Viscount Tunbridge, and other Children of the Earl of Rochfort:

An Act for the better Improvement of a House and Ground in Great Queen-street:

An Act to enable Trustees to fell a Messuage, Garden, and Out-house, in Lincoln's-Inn Fields, late of Sir Robert Sawyer Knight, deceased; and for purchasing other Lands and Tenements, to he settled to the same U"fcs:

An Act for settling divers Lands, and Rents-charge, on the Rector of the Church of Maidwell, in the County of Northampton, and his Successors; and, in lieu thereof, for settling other Lands, and discharging Tythes belonging to the said Church, according to several Agreements between the Patron and the said Rector made upon the Inclosing of Lands in Maidwell; and afterwards, with Content of the Ordinary, confirmed by several Decrees in the Court of Chancery:

An Act for settling the personal Estates of Richard Jones Esquire, and Mary Gy ford Spinster, Minors, in Trustees, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the better supplying the City of Bristoll with fresh Water:

An Act for erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Bristoll, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof;

An Act for making good the last Will of Sir William Barkham Baronet, deceased; and vesting of Lands in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Children:

An Act to enable Sir Charles Heron Baronet to fell Lands for Payment of a Portion, and Debts:

An Act to enable Sir Thomas Knight to

raise and secure a Portion for Frances, his only Daughter, and Heir-apparent:

An Act for vesting a Moiety of the Manor of Shepton Mallet, in the County of Somerset, and a divided Moiefy of the Manor of Wells, in the said County, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of a Mortgage charged thereon; and for making a Provision for the Maintenance of Mary the Wife of William Sands Esquire, and her Children:

An Act for making the Towns of Stretlon, and Prince-Thorpe, a separate Parish of Woolston, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Joseph Dawson Esquire in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and fora Provision for the Maintenance and Marriage of his Daughters:

An Act for the Sale of Lands in in the County of Somerset, Part of the Estate of William Ridout, an Infant, for Payment of Incumbrances charged thereon; and for preserving the Residue of tire said Estate for the Infant:

An Act for vesting certain Lands of Thomas Bigg and his Wife, in Chislet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for their Children.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lwue, 13* die Aprilis;

8* Gulielnoi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing several Acts therein Expiring mentioned was read a Third time. awi‘

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr.

90 — 10° — 130 Aprilis.

5§6 13° — J49

;. r.vs re- Mr- Perry, according tp Ordpr, prpfented to the House ting a Bill for enforcing the jLaws for restraining Marriages M.unages, without Licences; and for registering the Births of Children.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Garbling Ordered, That the Report from foe Committee, to Spices. whom the Bill for regulating Abuses relating to garbling Spices, Drugs, and other Merchandizes, vyas committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, result Duties solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Bank<an<* consider further of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty an ' . certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the

War against prance; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank.

Mr., Speaker left the Chair.

Si)- Thomas Liddletontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refomed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committees. A Motion being made, and the Question being put That all Committees be revived;

It passed in the Negative.

( And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 14° die A prills;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Iriib A PETITION of Thomas Older share and

Arrears. Mountain, in behalf of themlllves, and all the Regiment of IIoi fc commanded by Colonel Francis Langston, during the War in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners faithfully served his Majesty in the said Wars; but their said Colonel has not paid them above 7 d. a Day for such their Service; so that great Sums of Money arc in the Colonel's Hands, his Majesty having, by Proclamation, declared to have paid all the said Irish Arrears: That his Majesty did order the said Colonel to come over into England, tom ae up his Accounts with his Regiment; for which the Petitioners have this Two Months applied themselves to the Court-Martial at the Horse Guards; but without any Relief: And praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and to put a Stop to the said Colonel's going into Flanders, until he has made up his Accounts with his laid Regiment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Nathank ll Hill, and others, is referred.

Laws re- A Bill for enforcing the Laws for restraining Marriages

speding without Licences; and for registering the Births of Chil-arria-cs. . n,ag rea(J a geconcJ time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Farrar, Sir Roger Bradjhaxc, Mr. Mr. Wellington,

Doctor Oxemlen, Mr. Rozmey, Sir 3'Iarm. Sir

John Bolles, Mr. Brolherton, Mr. Norris, Sir John Buck-nail, Mr. Taylor,. Mr. Mr. Monologue, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Manley, Mr. Mr. Tho. Foley, junior,

Mr. Slater, Mr. England, Mr. Ash, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Owen, Sir Hen.Colt, Mr. Gery, Mr. Rider, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. B/ofeild, Mr. Clark, Mr. Waller, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Moyle, Mr. PMr. Henley, Mr.

Aprilis. A. 1696.

son Sir Rend. Gwyn, Mr. Bridges, My. Moore, Mf-Doztdsmll, Mr. Culliford: And they are so meet foif Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker 8 Chamber -And it is to be an Inftrn&ion to foe said Committee,

That they have Power to receive any Cl&ufe, or Qaufes, for explaining the A fit for laying several Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Mace, into Members Westminster-hall, Courts of Requests, and Places adjacent, summoned. and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned with the Mace;

Justice Nevill Security of King's

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Justice Eyres:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A fit for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person, and Government, with l'ome Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

O

Person.

Another Message from the Lords, by Sir Allies Cooke Charitable and Sir Robert Legard: Gllu-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dil'politions:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Disposition take away the Custom of Wales, which hinders Persons hv ^1,1 ln from disposing their personal Estates by their Wills, with ' 'l l'ome Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That whosoever adviled his Majesty not to give the Royal Assent to the Bill for further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, which patted both Houl'cs, is an Enemy to the King and Kingdom;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth. Tellers for the Yeas

I -

21Q.

f.Mr. Bromley,

'[Mr. Tredenham:

Tellers for the Noes,['}!' 1

[.Mr. Aomi: J -

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do, with the Votes, print this Question, together, with the Numbers of the Affirmative and Negative.

Motion respectiiii liefufai of Royal At tent to Election Bill.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Security of Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, King's An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person-Person, and Government:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and arc as follow; viz.

4 Skin, 17 and 18 L. Leave out " or of her Majesty " the Queen Dowager."

9 Skin, L. 20, after " Quakers," add " and shall also " own King William to be rightful and lawful King of " these Realms."

L. 25 and 26, leave out "in the Queen Dow-

CC 1

ager s, or.

ll Skin, 39 L. leave out from " and, " inclusive, to " and, " in L. 3d, Skin 12th.

And at the End of the Bill add the Claul'e A: That the Afit touching subscribing the Affoeiulion shall not ex-

n

tend to takeaway any Office of Inheritance in Fee-simple, or l'ee-tail, or any Salary or Profit for executing the fame, that shall be enjoyed by any Person that shall re-fulc to subscribe the Allbciation; so as such Person do substitute a Deputy, to be approved of by his Majesty, for exercising such Office (who shall subsci ibc the Association)

23 until

8 W. III. t4° — 150 557

until the Person claiming such Office shall voluntarily subscribe the Allbciation himself.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Duties on whole House, to whom the Bill for laying several Duties Low Wines. on )ovv wines, or Spirits, of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abides of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excilej be made upon Friday Morning next

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning / Pou-Office. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Kit;.' to consider of the Bill for supplying several Defeats in the

Act for erecting and establishing a Polt-Office.

j And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

t

G;:ii

1 D:' -

J t v V,

Vi

1

If.;-.

R,

'Li-.

b:

t

11"

Mercurii, 15° die Aprilis; 8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Chari tabl# Gifts.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dif-politions, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege of a \ Petition of Robert Esquire, formerly pre-

Memberinu £nted to t|ie House, was read; setting forth, That, in 1690, the Petitioner was chosen Treasurer to the Linen-Company; and, in February 1690, Articles were entered into between the Petitioner, Sir Estcourt, and

ven Howard Esquire; whereby Sir Estcourt was to be Vice-Treasurer, and manage the said Employment, and to account for the Profits arising thereby in Thirds: That, accordingly, Sir Thomas was intruded; and, it is conceived, he got 30,000l. Profit thereby; but he refilling to account, the Petitioner and Mr. exhibited a

Bill in Chancery against him, about Three Yearsfince; and, after great Delays, Sir Tho. put in an insufficient Answer, which was so adjudged; but has not yet put in any other; but, about Michaelmas 1694, exhibited a Cross- Bill: That,

after many Attendances on Sir he and the Petitioner came to an Agreement; and entered into an Order, by Consent, to put in their Answers to the said Bills by the 20th of February lait; and that the Matters should be referred to the Determination of Sir Tho.; and,

for what he should award, Sir Tho. Estcourt, by the said Order, waved his Privilege, in order to the Recovery thereof; and both Parties were to enler into Bonds, to Hand to the Award: That the Petitioner put in his Answer in time, and has since tendered Bonds of Award to be executed; but Sir Tho. Estcourt has not put in his An-lwer, nor will leal the Bond: That the Petitioner is sued upon his said Security given to the Company, and is like to suffer greatly for want of the said Account: And praying, That he may be at Liberty to proceed in the said Suit, without incurring the Displeasure of the House.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Sir; whereby

he offered. That if Mr. Craven Howard, a Member of this House, would wave his Privilege in the Suits depending in the said Court, between the said Sir Thomas Estcourt, and the said Mr. Howard and Mr. , he

would wave his Privilege, if the House thought fit;

And Mr. Harvard handing up in his Place, and offering to wave his Privilege in the said Suits, if the House please to give him Leave so to do;

Ordered, That the said Sir Thomas Estcourt's, and Mr. Howard's Privilege be waved in the said Suits.

Garbling

Spices.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating Abuses relating to garbling Vo L. XI.

Spices, Drugs, and other Merchandize, was committed, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to PapilUPro-whoin the Bill to prevent Papilts from difinheriiing their telUllt Heir*. Protestant Heirs was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Disposition Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, m

An Act to take away the Custom of Wties, which hinders a

Persons from disposing their Personal Estates by their Wills:

And the fume were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Proviso A: That the Act shall not extend to take away the Right which any Woman now married, or younger Children now born, may have,. by virtue of the said Custom.

Ordered, That Mr. B rereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re- Afibciatioa ceived a letter from the Lord Bulldignifying, That ligned. he had considered. further of the Allbciation, and had ligned the Copy sent him.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to go to the Progress of Tower, to take an Account of what new Monies have Coinage, been coined there, and what forwardnels they are in for further coining Silver, have Power to go thither at such times as they shall think fit, for the Purposes aforesaid.

Sir Henri/ Hobart reported from the Committee, to Highway whom the Bill for the better explanation of an Act, of Law*, the 22 th Year of King Charles the Second, for better Repairing of Highways, was re-committed, That they had made feme other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question (severally put thereupon, all of them, hut One, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to hinder the using more Ilorfes or Oxen than are allowed by the Act, up several ltecp Hills:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Fran. Masham, Greenland Mr. Bloft‘ild, Mr. Yates, Mr. England, Mr. Mr. Trade-

Fuller, Mr. Stouehouse, Sir Tho. , Mr. Slater, Mr.

Shackerly, Mr. Maxcdit, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Bagnold, Mr.

Coll, Mr. Arnold, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade is committed.

Mr. Brotherton, according to the Order of the Day, ®arl of Tor-

reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for con- GrantiwBed-firming a Grant, under the Great Seal of England, to ford Level. Arthur Earl of Torrington, by King William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Mesne Profits; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be 7 C adjourned

,1

4

Leave of Absence*

Supply Bill; Sal; Duties and Land 'Bank.

Charitable

Gifu.

Mr. Barton thanked.

Greenland

Trade.

15° — 17° Aprilis A- 1696.

adjourned until Saturday Morning next; and nothing to intervene:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 97-

Tellers for the Noes fMr‘ , \

I ellers lor the JN oes, jMr: J 9

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Doctor Oxen have Leave to go into

the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Preston have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Ixnvther have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonageupon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloul'e, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 17° die Apr His 8' Gulielmi Tertii.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Garbling That the Report from the Committee, to whom tire Bill Spices, for regulating Abuses relating to garbling Spices, Drugs, and other Merchandize, was committed, be now received;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^Sir Robert

1 elleis lor the I eas,. f,

| 46. 36.

1 [Sir GHunger] ord:

Telle, for, he Noes

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then Sir Samuel Barnardiston reported, That the said

Committee had heard the Counsel for the City of London, and the Garbler, upon the leVeral Petitions, the Consideration whereof was referred to the said Committee; and had made several Amendments to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

' And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {]£ }*'

rr , c t xt fSir Sa. Barnardiston, j,

Tellers for the NoesX c. f, ri ' } 45.

' [Sir G Flu es J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles and Quaker? Sir John Hoskins: . Affirmation.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

' And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoar have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Alienee.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dif-positions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers, Mr. Duncond), Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. , Mr.

Moyle, Sir Walter Vonge, Sir Sir Edw.

Alnicy, Sir Sa. Barnardiston, Sir Herbert Crofts, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Mason, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Daniel, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Gay, Mr. Paget, Sir Win. Coriton, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Arnold, Sir Geo. Hungerjord. Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Flzcell: And they are to meet this Afternoon at live a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Bai ton, for the Sermon preached before them Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that he be

desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Conyers do acquaint him therewith.

Sir Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade was committed, That they had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to tl;e House; and which he read in his Flace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feveiv.lly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, Th'it the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Supply Bill; Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, 1)ul!cs to whom the Bill for laying several Duties on low Wines, Low "mes' or Spirits of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Berio ns chargeable with the Duties of Excile; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to he added to the Pill, That the Gauger shall leave a Note, containing the Quantity and Quality of their Gauge, if demanded, upon the Forfeiture of 405. in case of Retuial:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question -put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to he added to the Bill,

For the making void Charters:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That after the Monies, intended to I borrowed by the Act, shall be paid, it thail not prejudice the (Maim of any Person to the Hereditary Excile, by virtue of f ecial Letters Patents granted by King Charle the Second; but that the said Revenue lhuil then Hand charged therewith, in like manner as it was before the Palling of the Act:

Resolved, That the Clause be brought up to the Table.

The same was brought up, and once read:

And

8 W. III.

170 — 18" Aprilis.

55 9

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth;

>r i, r \r(Mr, Norris, I

Tellers for the 1 eas, jMr . j

Tellers for the Npes,|j-l

73-

] 73-

J

Supply Bill; Salt Duties and Land Bank.

Supply Bill; Bolt Office.

[Mr* Doivdsuetl:

The Voices being equal, Mr. Speaker declared with the Noes. '

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was ottered to be added to the Bill, That any of the Commissioners of Accounts,

who shall qualify themselves according to the Laws of this Realm, may aQ: in the Execution of their Office: Resolved, That the Clause be brought up to the Table. The same was brought up, and read the First time; and withdrawn by Leave of the House.

Another Clause was ottered, to be added to the Bill, against Brewing upon a Sunday:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn:

And other Amendments were made to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

Resolved, That this Ilonfe will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Report of the Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Great Seal of England, to Arthur Earl of Tor-ring ton, by King William and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the ..... Meibe Profits; is considered; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War agaiutt France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for (applying several Defects in the Act for cresting and establishing a Post-Office.

O £5

And then the Iioufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

IV

ll<

defiant

\r 5.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutts, Sliip the encouraging the bringing Matts, Ship-rimljcr, and 'limber, &c other Naval Stores, from his Majesty's Plantations; and for making Saltpetre there: And that Sir Rowland Gayn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir John Bollcs, according to Order, reported iron: the Papurs Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing Papists from dilinheriting their Protestant Heirs was committed, 7 hat they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they haddirested him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in al the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the Iloule.

Clause C, For vetting in his Majesty all Lands, Tenements, and Sums of Money, that have been given to any Popish Use, lincc the 25th of March 1670, being polt-poned;

Clause E was read a Second time, That the Act shall not extend to hinder any Papists from disposing of eny Part of their Estate to any Protestant Child, or other Pro-tettant Relation, other than their next Heir:

And the Question being put, That the House do agreG with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

"Mr. He remngham,

Mr. Clark:

Tellers for the Y#as.

Tellers for

86.

110.

Sabbaii, 18°

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Privilege.

A COM PLAINT being made to the House, That a Declaration in Ejectment has been delivered for an Estate in Nero Windsor, belonging to Sir Edward Sey-

mour, a Member of this House, by Thomas Wilkinson, in

the Name of John Sheffield, Lelfor, at the Prosecution of

Geo. Horsley, in the N amc of William Horsley, an Attorney; in Bieach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee do fit on Wednesday

next; and then hear the Matter of the said Complaint; __________

for which Purpose all Perll>is concerned therein are then form all Covenants and Agreements that were nrade by

So it passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to he added to the Bill, That any Papist may, by Deed, or lait Will, charge any Part of their Estate, not exceeding the Part of the Whole, for the Portions of younger Children; and that any Papist Man may, by such Instrument, dispose of any Part of his Estate, not exceeding the Part of the Whole,

for a Jointure for his Wife; and that any Wife may charge her Estate, with the Consent of her Hulhand, with

not exceeding the Part, to be held by her

Husband, during his Life:

And the same was once read:

And the Qudiion being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, touching Guardianfiiip:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House resumed the Consideration of Clause C:

Ordered, That the Bill he re-committed to the same Committee, upon the Debate of the said Clause.

The House, according to Order, took into further F.;«rl of Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Torrini-ton's the Bill for confirming a Grant, under the Great Seal of p'A'1!11 England, to Arthur Earl of Torrington, by KmgWil/iam Leve?^ and Queen Mary, of several Parcels of Land, Part of the great Level of the Ecus, called Bedford Level; and for the better enabling the said Earl to recover the Arrears of Rent, and Mesne Profits; was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being once read throughout;

And the First Amendment being read a Second time; which was, for obliging the Earl of Torrington to per-

Greenland

Trade.

to attend them.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to tlx; Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Voi . XI.

the late King James the Second;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with die Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

m ii c . ,i /Sir R.

Teller, for the \ eas,(Mr >,0!

Telle, for.be Noe, j *7-

So

6o

18" — 2 o' ylprilis.

Supply BUI; Salt Duties and Laud £aok.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Olause being offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of the Cro'ditors of the late Queen

And the Question being put, That the feme be brought up to the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, on behalf of the Tenants of the JR ft ate;

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France; and for taking off the Duties

A. 1696.

proposed to be made to

Several Amendments were the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 1, to leave out " Now therefore:"

L. to leave out

And the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, That -

And the feme was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, For drawing with One lingle Horse, before the rest of the Team:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better amending and repairing the

of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establish- Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating the re-inga National Land-Bank.

Quakers Affirmation.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act, That the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath:

And the lame, being twice read, were upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

1 Prest, 18 L. for ‘‘ thereof," read " of the usual Form."-

19 L. after " Declaration," add in these Words following; viz. I, A. B. do declare."

20 L.after " God," add the Witness of the Truth of what I lay."

29 L. after " Oath," add " in the usual

Form."

35 L. for " upon Oath," read " in the usual

" Form."

3 Pr. 27 L. after " Provided," add " And be it " Enacted."

30 L. for "

In the Title, after

Form."

unto.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concummce thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller, Mr HoMr. Blofeild, irifeArrean. Mr. Harrison, Sir IVin. Quintal, Mr. Ashley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Nath. Hill, and others, is referred.

Mr. Alolaruorth reported from the Committee, to Linen Ma. whom the Bill for encouraging the Linen Manufacture nufacture, o f Ireland', and the bringing in Flax and Hemp; was committed; That they had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Houl'e; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

tii

W

, Lf

Xl.v

a

m

capital," read " criminal." Oath," read " in the

usual

Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to

into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

go

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Blofeild have Leave to go into the

Supply Bill; Poll Office.

Ordered That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

to the said Amendments. Ordered, That the Report touching the Matter of the TriihArrtan,

, _ __ _r Petition of Nathaniel Hill, and others, be made To-

liesolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning morrow Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider of the Bill for supplying several Defects in the Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to , . «.

Act for erecting and estabhflnng a Post-Office. whom the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates saitDuu«

and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against and Land And then the House adjourned till Monday France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Bau't*

Nine a Clock. Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National

__________ - Land-Bank; have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation for the Army and Navy.

fii

Morning,

huna, 20® die Aprilis; S° Gulielmi Tertii.

The Chap-feiti.

Praters.

DESOL J ED, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy Council,

That lie will please to bestow some Preferment Church upon Mr. Barton, Chaplain to this House.

in the

Highway

Laws.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Explanation of an Act, of the Two-and-twentieth Year of King Charles the Second, for better Repairing of Highways, was read the Third time.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ditto, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow,

W

Morning.

Resolved,

fe"

8 W.III. ao° — 21* — 21° Apr'tlis. 561

Supply Bill J Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Poll Office, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for supplying several Defects in the Act for erecting and establishing a Post-Office.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine a Clock.

Martis, die A prills;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Papirt* Pro- OIR JointBolles reported from the Committee, to whom

tellant Hem. ij the l]in for preventing Papilts from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs w'as re-coimnitted, as to Claul'e C, relating to the lame, That they had considered the said Clause; and amended the lame; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was tw'ice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Bill was also amended at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofi'ed.

Linen Manu- An ingrolfed Bill for encouraging the Linen Manufac-tuciure. ture of Ireland; and the bringing in I'lax and Hemp into

this Kingdom; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for encouraging the Linen Manufacture in Ireland-, and the bringing in Flax and Hemp; and the making of Sail-cloth in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. M do carry the Bill to the 'Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr.

Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act Preventing for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of ^y^rtof Wool; and for encouraging the Importation thereof from 00 Ireland; with Ibrne Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade, with lbme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the Floule adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,22* die A

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray er s.

/~1RDERED, That Edmund Reeve Esquire, Mr. John personst# " PcnhalUrw, and Mr. Adrian Moore, do attend the attend.

Committee of Privileges and Elections this Afternoon, to testify their Knowledge in relation to the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Sir Edward Seymour.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Relating whom the Bill for Relief of several Hackney Coachmen is Hackney committed, be made Tomorrow Morning. Coachmen.

1 Ip'

\JX

e

V

t

I)5*1

1

0

t

t,

ll

Laws relpeA- Colonel Perry reported from the Committee, to whom in£ Mur- the Bill for enforcing the Laws for restraining Marriages xiuge*. without Licences: and for registring the Births of Children; w as committed: That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed j

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for he Bkml- } do.

Tellers for the Noes I,

1 eners ior me in oes,|Sir Jo/m B(j[ks. j o1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Gaining Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from Apices. the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating Abuses, relating to garbling Spices, Drugs, and other Merchandize, w as committed, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Salt Dulits Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, Barik'UllJ* to whom the Bill to continue to his Majesty certain Rates 4,1 and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War against France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then, several of them, a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, lbme of them were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House.

Vo L. X I.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Greenland Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Trade.

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

m

That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject matter of the said Amendments.

And it is referred to Sir Sam. BSir Robert Cotton, Mr. Moyle, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Benj. Norland,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Heveningham, Sir Gzvyn,

Sir Alarm. IVivcll, Mr. Newport, Mr. Thompson, Sir John

Bolles, Mr. Harcourt, or any Five of them, to prepare Rcalons, to be offered at the said Conference: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration Preventing the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, inti- E*Port°f tuled, An Act for the more effectual preventing die Ex- 'Vo° portation of Wool; and for encouraging the Importation thereof from Ireland:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

At the End of the Bill add " and no longerand all'o Clause O, That the Commissioners of... Admiralty shall appoint One Fifth Rate, Two Sixth Rates, and Four armed Sloops, constantly to cruil'e from off the North Foreland to the I fie of Wight, to prevent the Exportation of Wool; and to seize all prohibited Goods, or suspected Persons.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gzvyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House has agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingossed Bill for preventing Papists from distnhe- Papist* Pr*-riting their Protestant Heirs was read the Third time. testant Heir* 7 D An

V

56 z

220 — 23* Apritis.

A. 1696.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Protestant Person shall be accountable for the Profits of any Estate received before the First Day of October 1696:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and afterwards read the Third time; and, upon the Quel'tion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Pill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for preventing Papilis from difmheriting their Protestant Ileirs.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

SaU^Duties' The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro-and Land, ceeded in the further Consideration of the Report from Bank. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the M ar against France; and for taking off the Duties of Tonage upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a National Land-Bank; was committed:

And the rest of the Amendments, made by the Commits e, to the litid Bill, w ere severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,' agreed unto hv the House.

‘ A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That

the First Buyer of Tobacco-pipes shall pay the Duty to the Maker above the usual Price:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the l it.nfe to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause of Appropriation was offered, to be added to the Bill:

And the same w as twice read; and amended; and, upon tlit* Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Iioule to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to he added to the Bill, That, in case the Duties arising by the Act shall not be sufficient to satisfy the Bank of England, the next Supplies shall be liable to make good the fame:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That *

And the same was once read; and by Leave of the lloufe, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, settling the Price of Salt:

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Lord and Sir

Williams do prepare a Clause, relating to the Price 01 Salt,

to.be olferetl upon the Third Reading of the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for naturalizing Foreigners that shall subscribe towards railing the Money intended by the Act; and taking the Oaths; with a Blank for the Sum to be subscribed;

Resolved, That the Clause be received.

The Clause w as received j and read twice; and the Blank filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Receivers shall make Oath, that the clipped Monies, paid by them for the King's Hie, is the same that they received for the Revenues and Taxes:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read: The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

' Tellers for the YcaJS?

I Mr. Moyle:

'r ti j- .1 v» /Sir John,

JL cd ci s lor the aoesq 1 r m ^» »,

I. Mr.

So it was vefolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Firli time.

And the Question being put, that the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Lord Pau lcl, [Mr. Car:

165.

\Sir Marni.7/ 7re//; " } 45‘

\ Sir Sa. Barn

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Clause was read the Second time:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be mad« Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

JMr. Guy, 43,

[Mr. Shane: J

f Mr. Yates, \ r0>

[Mr. Hunt: J

So it pafl*ed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to he added to the Bill, That Foreigners subscribing shall make Oath, That the Money subscribed is for their own proper Account:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It paflld in the Negative.

Another Clause was olfered, to he added to the Bill, That nothing in the Act shall extend to prejudice any Suit depending, touching the Melting or Refining of Salt:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for clipped Money to go by "Weight:

And the same w as once read:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

.And other Amendments were made to the Bill at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he in-

A Mc lTage from the Lords, by Sir Richard Halford V*sting T»i. and Mr. Rut: ' bmy,1Uie

TV j l; I Crown.

Mr. speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for re-vehine; in his MajeUylhe Honour oi'Tutbury, Forest of iVar/u (;(>/, f vend Manors, Parks, Lands, and Offices, and other Profits thereunto belonging; and for vacating certain Letters Patents therein mentioned; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to bou-Ofiics. consider of the Bill for supplying several Defeats in the Act for erecting and establishing a Bolt-Office.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Juris,23* die Aprilis; 8° Gulielmi TertiL

156. J T

1 , An

PltATKItS.

E House

took into Consideration the Amend- Te(lineT«s

ments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, bury in the ________ 4V.: — 1.:, \t.*i, ir ..c Civwn.

and Offices, and other Profits thereunto belonging; and for vacating certain Letters Patents therein mentioned:

18

And

5.

da

5.

0*

ad*

IS.

>o.

Laws

jv|» respecting

‘A Marriages.

lie

aJa

51!,

;inJ

alt:

Ja

to

to* Supply Bill; Lulies «»n Low Wines.

ore b. U

AS >rcli

ces

tin;

m

coi -

n:

to'1*

be

(3

iW

il

8 W. III.

230 — 240 Aprilis.

And the said Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

3 Press, 31 L. leave out from " dif-parked," to 14 Provided," in the 5th Line of the 4th Press, and read the Clause, marked A, That several Persons therein named shall, from t;/ne to time, set out such Quantities of Wood, as they shall think fit, for paying 3,300l. and Interest, at Six Pounds per Cent. to Mr. Rupert Browne, unless Jiis Majesty shall cause the same to be paid before the 23th of March 1697.

At the End of the Bill, add Clause B: Being a general Saving to all Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate.

Ordered, That Mr. Pagit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill for enforcing the Laws for restraining Marriages without Licences; and for registring the Births of Children; was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made;

IV. 2 L. #, to insert " or Clerk and Press 3. L. #, the same; and other Amendments:

Which, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

A Message from the Lords, by and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, . for the better amending and repairing and Explanation of the Law s relating the n.

Amendment: To which they desire the Cc this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*.

The House, according to the Order of the L solved itself into a Committee of the whole Hot consider of the Bill for supplying several Defects ii Act for erecting and establishing a Post-office.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. lltvcningham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Halford Ex and Mr. Pitt: Lav

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Tellers for the Yeas,

[Colonel Perry, \Mr. Chadwick:

Tellers for the Noes ISir John \

l tilers for the in °es,|Mr: J 2

So it was revived in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for the enforcing the Laws which restrain Marriages without Licence, or Bans; and for the better registring Marriages, Births, and Burials.

Ordered, That Colonel Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for laying several Duties upon low Wines or Spirits, of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excile; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by inferring " and lb in proportion for any greater or lesser " Quantity," in several Places:

Press #, L. *, to insert " or Innkeeper

And the fume were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

An ingrossed Clause was ottered, as a Rider, for Com-inissioners to receive-clipped Money:

And the same w as once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That Merchants might pay clipped Money into the Custom-house:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That, in case the Corporation of Moneyers shall not work, as the Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin directs, the Mailer of the Mint may employ Workmen to do the lame.

And the Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for laying several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits, of the ffrft Extra6tion; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distiliers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excite.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Vo l. XL

Veneris, 24* die Aprilis;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- Highway ment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Laws. An Act for the better amending and repairing the Highways; and Explanation of the Laws relating the reunto:

And the said Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 2. L. 42. for his," read c‘ the."

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare Greenland Reasons for a Conference with the Lords, touching the Tiade. Greenland Bill, do withdraw, and fit during the Sitting of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for the ciiafftabU

Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions.....Gitts.

do withdraw', and fit during the Sitting of the House.

A Petition of the Lord Frauds Parwkt was presented Privilege of to the House: *1[lbrm

And the same relating to Sir Nathaniel Nappier, a Member of this House;

And he not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Nathaniel Nappier do attend, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning: And that the said Petition be then read.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Irish drears, whom the Petition of Naihanidl Hill, and others, was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill, for continuing to his Majesty certain Supply Bill; Rates and Duties upon Salt, for carrying on the War Salt Duties against France; and for taking olf the Duties of Tonage and Land upon Ships, and upon Coals; and for establishing a Na- ao tional Land-Bank; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, about wrought Plate brought to the Mint:

And the fijune was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and,

upon

24° — its A

A. i6$6.

it thereupon, agreed unto by the were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon,

art of the Bill, d Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Lord Mayor and Aldermen of London, ive Justices , of Peace throughout the >1, from time to time, settle the Price

agreed unto by the House, and are as follow;

The Commons cannot agree to your Lordships Amend* ment, in the 26th Line of the First Skin:

Because by the Act of the 25th of Charles the 2d, and the Act of I. 8$ Mar ice, for the Encourage-

ment of the Greenland Trade, it is provided. That neither ame was twice read; and the Blanks filled up: Oil, Blubber, nor Fins, shall pay any Custom: And, thia

-n the Clause was read the Third time; and, Act being for the further Encouragement of the said

; Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Trade, the Commons do think, the Company ought to

,0 be made Part of the Bill. have as much or more Encouragement now than ever, by

jther ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, reason of the great Losses they have sustained, and the

- Difficulty they now labour under by reason of the War;

And the same was once read: and, without iiich Encouragement, the Commons appre-

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read hend, this beneficial Trade will be entirely loft.

The Commons cannot agree to your Lordships Amendment, in the 14 Line of the 2d Skin, for the Reasons aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Heveningha do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and

a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That, if any Person shall have Judgment for any Debt against the Corporation, the Officers of the Exchequer Arab pay the same, upon producing an Execution:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and then read the Third time; and upon the Question put there- Sir Richard upon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Mr. Shaker,

Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitoled. An Act Linen

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of Ireland; and Manufacture. Letters Patents for erecting the Bank shall issue by a bringing Flax and Hemp into, and making of Sail-cloth time: in, this Kingdom; without any Amendments:

And the Question being put. That the same be re- And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the enforcing Law* ceived; the Laws which restrain Marriages without Licence, or wfpcaing

It passed in th6 Negative. Bans; and for the better registring Marriages, Births, and MarnaSes-

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill; Burials; without any Amendments: viz. That the Clause for naturalizing Subscribers to the And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying Supply Bill;

Bank, at the End of the Bill, be taken out of the Bill: several Duties upon Low Wines, and Spirits, of the first J)utie* "n

And several former Precedents were cited, and pro- Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Low me*' duced and read, for taking out a whole Clause out of an Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with ingrossed Bill: the Duties of Excise; without any Amendments.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause do stand Part of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr< Dcwdefuell,

letters for the ieas,^Mj. Arnold:

| 61.

j 80.

Tellers for the Noes lColo, iel PerrH' leiteis for the ^oes,|Mr

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Clause was taking off, at the Table, accordingly.

llefolred, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing to his Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares; and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco-pipes, and other Earthen Wares; for carrying on the War against France; and for establishing a National Land Bank; and for taking off the Duties upon Tonage of Ships, and upon Coals.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Litlleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

"Sabbati, 25* die A prills;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Greenland

Trade*

Praters.

SIR Henry Ilobart reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for dif-agreeing to the Amendments, made by them, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade, That they had drawn the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table; Where the feme

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

Sir Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to charitalk whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Gift*.

Act for the Encouragement of charitable Gifts and Dispositions, was committed. That they had examined the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendments.

Mr. Heveningham reported, That he having, accord- Conference ing to Order, been at the Lords to desire a Conference, with Lord*, they do agree to the fame, presently, in the Painted Clrain-ber.

Ordered, That the Members who prepared the Reasons for the said Conference do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to th'e Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Henry Hobart, reported, That they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Trade;

and left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Greenland House, That they do not infill upon their Amendments Trade, made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Greenland Trade.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Addref* Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his resptainy

Majesty's Coinage.

m

'[['1 , Vf i;

ft

8 W. III.

Majesty's mefl Honourable Privy Council, That he will jileafe to appoint One or more Mills and Presses to be solely employed for the speedy coinin" such Plate as shall be brought in to be coined, on the Encouragement of the Act for bringing Plate into the Mint, to be coined; to the end the Publick-houses may be thereby the sooner supplied with new Money for such Plate, as, by the said Act, is made uieless to them.

Privilege of ' Sir Nathaniel Nappier, according to Order, attending at Member in his Place;

in a Suit. The Petition of the Lord Franck presented to

the House Yesterday, was read; letting forth, That the said Sir Nathaniel detains from the Petitioner a Farm in Dorsetshire, of boo I. per Annum Value; though Sir Nathaniel's interest therein determined in Map 1694; and, by virtue of his Privilege, protects , the present

Occupier of the said Farm; who commits great Waite; suffering the Walls to fall down; and is now letting the ancient Pastures and Sheep-Leases to be burnt, beaked, and ploughed up, to the Destruction of the Inheritance: And the Petitioner cannot get any Lawyer to act for him, to recover his Right, or to flay Waites: And praying the Direction of the House in the Premises.

And Sir Nathaniel Nappier declared, That he is content to wave his Privilege, so that there may be an Injuuftion to ltay Waites upon the Estate in the Petition mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Mondap Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 27* die Aprilis;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Eafeof A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Richard Jurors. il Hoi ford, and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Eale of Jurors, and better Regulating of Juries,

' with several Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Cjueftion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

1 Prels, 31 L. after " Issue," add "at the Atfizes."

3 Pr. 31 L. after " others," add " if so many out of " the other Panels be present in Court, or can there be " found."

4 Pr. 21 L. leave out " not exceeding 40s."

23 L. leave out from himself," to " and, " in 27 L.

30 L. after " qualified," add " who are to be " returned for Tryals of Issues joined in the Courts of " Chancery, Kings-Bench, Common-Pleas, or Exchequer, or:" And after " Assizes," add " Sessions of Oyer and Terminer."

565

5 Press, 6 L. after " upon," add " such:" And leave out from "Juries," to " with," in L. 8th.

10 L. for " Sixty," read "Seventy."

37 L. for "Eight," read " Six." '

6 Press, id L. for " of, read " to."

38 L. for " Sixty," read " Seventy."

At the End of the Bill add the Provisoes, marked A

and B.

Proviso A: That no Sheriff shall impanel any Person, to serve in any Jury, that shall not be named in the Lift.

Proviso B: That the Act shall not extend to any City, or Town Corporate, that have a Power, by Charter, to hold a Sclfions.

Ordered, That Sir John Kcpdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House being informed, That one Mr. John Hooker, I'erfomto be Mr. William Tilliard, and Mr. had set up a

Lottery, and offered to receive Guineas at 30.V. apiece; takulg more Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do prosecute the th in stand-laid Persons for the said Offence. 8r‘l value

Ordered, That all Persons who shall, directly or indi- lor ('01U' reftly, give or take more, in any kind, either for Gold or Silver, than what the Law is allowed, be also prosecuted by Air. Attorney-General for such Offences.

A Petition of Aaron Smith, in Custody of the Serjeant Privilege — at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, " Person pe-and read; expressing his Sorrow for having offended the for House; and humbly begging Pardon for the fame: And 1C ar°e" praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That Mr. Aaron Smith be discharged out of Custody, paying Iris Fees.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Pitts:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing to his Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, Salt Duties Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares; and for granting anil Laud — several Duties upon Tobacco-pipes, and other Earthen "a Wares; for carrying on the War against; and for

establishing a National Land-Bank; and for taking off the Duties upon Tonage of Ships, and upon Coals; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Aleffage from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetxcood Mefthge to Shepherd, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod; attend the

Air. Speaker, K*ng-

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers. x

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent Royal Assent to several Bills; and to make a gracious Speech to both Houses; and to prorogue the Parliament unto Tuesday the 16th Day of June next.

2 5 — 270 Aprilis. — 16° Junii.

Martis, 16* die unit;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir . Fleetxcood Shepheard, Gentleman-U iher of the Black Rod: Air. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's

Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Connniflion was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the 28th Day of July next: And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until the 28th of July next.

Vol. XL 7 E

Parliament

further

prorogued*

Parliament

further

prorogued.

McflTage to attend the King.

The King's Spe h reported.

Marti}, 28* dit Julii

8# Gulielmi Tertii.

HE House being met;

A Meflfage was brought from the Lords, by Sir Fleetwood Shcpheard, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Tuesday the First Day of September next: And the same was prorogued,

accordingly, until the First Day of September next.

Martis, 1* die Septembris;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

H E House being met;

A Alefiage was brought from the Lords, by Sir Fleetwood Shepheard, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod',

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the 20th Day of October next: And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until the 20th Day of October next.

Martis, 20' die;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii, 1696.

AM E S S A G E from his Majesty, by Sir

Shepheard, Gentleman-U flier of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleated to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses: And that, by reason of the great Node, and Lownels of his Majesty's Speech, to prevent Mistakes, he had desired, and obtained, a Copy thereof: W hich he read to the House: And is as followeth;

Lift; which cannot be supported without your Help: And the miserable Condition of the French Protel'tants does oblige me to mention them to you again.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It may deserve your Consideration, whether there do not still remain some inconveniencies relating lo the Coin, which ought to be remedied: And 1 hope you will find out the best Expedients for the Recovery of Credit; which is absolutely nerefiary, not only with respect to the War, but for carrying on of Trade.

I am of Opinion, That there is notOne good man who is not intirely convinced, how much does depend upon this Session: And therefore I cannot but hope for your Unanimity and Dispatch in your Resolutions; which, at this Time, are more necessary than ever for the Safety and Honour of England.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I HAVE called you together as soon as was possible; and I think it a great Happiness that this Year has passed without any Disadvantage abroad, or Disorder at home, considering our great Disappointment in the Funds given at your last Meeting, and the Difficulties which have arisen upon the Re-coining of the Money.

This is so convincing a Proof of the good Disposition of my Army, and of the steady Affections of my People, that I cannot but take Notice of it with great Satisfaction.

Our Enemies have not been without Hopes, that such a Conjuncture might have proved fatal to us: But as they have failed in those Expectations; so I am fully persuaded, that your unanimous Proceedings, in this Session, will make them for ever despair of an Advantage from any Disagreement among ourselves.

It must be confefied, That the Business which you have before you will be very great; because of the Necessity of supplying former Deficiencies, as well as making Provision for the next Year's Service.

And, upon this Occasion, it is fit for me to acquaint you, That some Overtures have been made, in order to the entering upon a Negociation for a general Peace: But I am sure we shall all agree in Opinion, That the only Way of treating with France is, with our Swords in our Hands; and that we can have no Reason to.expect a safe and honourable Peace, but by {hewing ourselves prepared to make a vigorous and elsectual W ar:

In order to which, I do very earnestly recommend to you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, That you would consider of raising the necessary Supplies, as well for maintaining the Honour, of Parliaments, in making good the Funds already granted, as for carrying on the War the next Year; which I think ought not to be lets than what was intended to be raised for that Purpose the last Session: I must all'o put you in mind gf the Civil

A Bill to vest the Interest in Judgments, and other Se- Wiling In-curities assigned, in the Assignees, was read the First time, jy* °en[s_

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. &c.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand fit every Tuesday, in the Afternoon, in the House. Conmuttee*.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Saturday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Friday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections Committee ' be appointed, of Air. IVharton, Sir , Air. 01 Privileges. Clarke, Lord Pazvlet, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Lord

Rauclagh, Sir Rowland Gicynn, Mr. Norris, Mr. Smitk,

Colonel Granville, Sir John Austin, Sir Math.

Sir IVnu Hustler, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Richard Atkins, Lord Alarquis IVinton, Mr. Jeffries, Mr. Done, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Bosctrwen, Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Ja. Bertie, Air.

Harvey, Sir Marin. JVivell, Mr. Gicynn, Sir Goodrich,

Air. Kendall, Mr. Robert Bertie, Doctor Sir

Temple, Mr. Neale, Mr. Hartourt, Mr. Pagett, Sir Newland, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Egerson, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Air.

Papillon, Mr. Newport, Mr. BaldwAir. Cooper, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Fra. WindhaSir IVm. Jill-hams, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Venables, Sir John Holies, Mr.

Boyle, Mr. Lmther, Mr. Austin, Sir Walter Vonge, Lord Alarquis Hart ington, Mr. Onslow, Sir Jos. Herne, Sir

Masham, Lord Cults, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Mr.

Mason, Lord Spencer, Sir Fra. WinAir. Peregrine Bcrty, Mr. Moore, Mr. Harley, Mr. Molyncur, Mr. Gery,

Sir Roger Puleston, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Whitaker: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet upon Wednesday next, in the Afternoon, at Thre.e a Clock, in 1 ti the

8 W. III.

20*-----22° OctobnS.

567

the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon: And they are to take into their Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question, touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in 14 Days next; and so within 14 Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to havePovvcr to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two of more Places are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition to the Committee, That they do admit but Two Counsel of a Side to be heard in any Cause before them.

Gat ton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War rapt to the

Clerk of the Crovyn, to make out a npw Writ, for thp electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Gat ton, in the County of Surrey, in the room of Sir Joky T/iqrnpson Baronet, called up to the House of Lords.

Winchelsea

Writ.

Quinborough

Writ

; f-'j

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker doiffup his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Winchelsea, in the County of Susses, in the room of Robert Austen Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Quinborough, in the County of Kent, in the room of Caleb Bunks Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Tow n of Cambridge, in the room of John Pepys Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Westmorelandin the room of Sir John Lowther, Baronet, called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Michael WenKnight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a pew Writ, for the elefiting a Burgess to serve in this prefpnt Parliament for the Borough of Lescard, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Bourchier Wray, Rnight of the Batlr, deceased.

IpfwichWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir John Market', Baronet, deceased.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente, That this House will Resolution support his Majesty, and his Government, against all his and Addrefe Enemies, both at home and abroad: And that they will effectually assist him in the Prosecution and carrying on ie "'8' the present War against France.

Resolved, That an humble Address be prepared, to be presented to his Majesty, pursuant to the said Resolution.

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer,

Lord Couingsby, Mr. Boscaxcen, Mr. Attorney-General,

Lord Marquis Winchester, Mr. Wharton, Sir r-iek. Lord Rundagh, Sir Thomas Littleton; or any Five of them; to prepare the feme: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will not alter the Standard Standard of of Gold or¥Silver, in I'inenefe, Weight, or Denomina- Com-tion.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House will Making good make good, all Parliamentary Funds, since his Majesty s the ,>ublic Accession to the Crown, that have been made Credits for Funrfs-Loans from the Subject.

Ordered That the Votes of this House be printed: Printing the And that Mr. Speaker do perule the feme, and appoint Votes, the Printing thereof: And that no other Person do presume to print the feme.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- The King's ipg next, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gra- Speech to be cious Speech. considered.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, next, Nine a Clock.

Cambridge

Writ.

Westmoreland Writ.

Aldborough

Writ.

Lefcard Writ.

Tavistock

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, tp make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock:, in the County of Devon, pi the room of Ambrose Mannaton, Esquire, deceased.

Vq l. XI.

Jervis, 22* (lie Octobris;

OQavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A COMPLAINT being made to the House, That John Privilege*, il Whcely, Steward to Sir Isaac Reboat, Knight, a

Member of this House, hath been arrested by Isaac Mitchell, Bailiff, by the Procurement of Hope Gifford, an Attorney at Law, in an Action wherein Thomas Larceny is Plaintiff, in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Supply Bill; giving Leave to import Guineas, and to coin Gold at the imPort"ig Mint: And that Mr. Moore and Sir Robert Cotton do Guineas."8 prepare, ancj bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulating Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Presses: And that 811,1

Mr. Harley and Mr. Wqllpr do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of AnthoneyRow Esquire was presented to the Mitchell House, and read; letting forth, That at the last Election Election, of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, your Petitioner and Tho. Dodson Esquires, and Thomas Vivian and Humphry Courtney Esquires, who is since dead, stood Candidates; and the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes, and ought to bave been returned One of the Burgesses j but that Mr. Courtney took upon him to be Port-reeve j and, by his Deputy, returned Mr. Vivian and hirpself, in Wrong to thp Petitioner, who was duly elected: And praying the Relief apd Copsideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referrecj to foe Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report foe fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered,

Cali of the lloivfe.

Address.

5^8 2a® — 23* — 26° Octobris. A. 1696.

Ordered, That the Iloafe be called over upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That all such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare an humble Address, to be presentecl to his Majesty, That they had prepared the fameaccordingly; and directed him to report the same to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Loutker, Mr. Foley: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Vice-Chamberlain acquainted the House, That he King Sp-having waited on his Majesty, to know his Piealure w hen p‘>>»ts to be he would be attended by this House, his Majesty had uUciK*ut*-been pleased to appoint this Day, at Twelve a Clock, in the Banqueting-House at Whitehall.

Mr. Moore, according to Order, presented to the House Supply Bill;

a Bill for importing Guineas, and coining Gold at the imPorUns Mint: And the same was received. c;'uiaeai'.U*

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply.

May it please your Most Excellent Majesty,

THIS is the Eighth Year in which your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, have affilted your Majesty with large Supplies for carrying on a just and necessary War, in Defence of our Religion, Preservation of our Laws, and Vindication of the Rights and Liberties of the People of England-, which we have hitherto preserved, and, by the Bluffing of God on your Majesty's Conduct, and good Government, will stedfastly maintain and entail on our Posterity:

This has cost the Nation much Blood and Treasure; but the Hopes of accomplishing so great and glorious a Work have made your Subjects chearfully liipport the Charge: And, to iliew to your Majesty, and all Christendom, That the Commons of England will not be amuled, or diverted from their firm Ilesolutions of obtaining, by War, a safe and honourable Peace; w e do, in the Name of all those we represent, renew' our AH'urances to your Majesty, That this House w ill support your Majesty, and your Government, against all your Enemies, both at home and abroad; and that they will effectually assist you in the Prosecution and carrying on the present War against France.

Refoked, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Piealure, when he will be attended by this House.

The Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration his Majesty"s most gracious Speech to both Houses; being read;

His Majesty's Speech was again read:

And a Motion being made for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rcl'olve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna., 26° die Octobris; 8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

S^RDERFD, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill [fljn(.ton, 4c.

for the better repairing the Highways in the Parishcsof Roads. Islington and St. Pancras: And that Sir

and Mr. Sloane do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for importing Guineas, and coining Gold at the supply Bill; Mint, was read a Second time. importing

Resolved, That the Bill be committed upon the Debate and coining of the House, to Mr. Moore, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Ash, Gulncas>.

Mr. Clarice, Mr. Newport, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. cawcn, Mr. Travers, Sir John LozcthMr. Mason, Mr. Fra. Godolphiti, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Chase, Mr. Whit nicer,

Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Neale, Mr. C Sir// Williams, Mr. Colt, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Dylce,

Mr. Duke, Mr. Bahluyn, Mr. Norris, Sir Jos. Herne,

Mr. Bolnm, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Fleet, Mr. det, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Mount ayue, Sir Tho.Davall, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Lozcther, Mr. Hooper,

Mr. Hobby, Sir Fra. Winington, Mr. Fleming: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Speaker reported, That, he, with the House, did, Answer to on Friday last, present their Address to his Majesty; And ^cirels. that his Majesty was pleased to express himseli'to this Efi'ect;

Gentlemen,

The Continuance of your Zeal and Affection is the Thing of the World I value most; and I will aul'wer it by all the Ways I can think of j and will make your Good, and the Safety of the Nation, the principal Care of my Life.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 23° die Octo ris;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Yelling intt- A Bill to vest the Interest of Judgments, and other rest of Judg- g\_ Securities assigned, in the Assignees, w as read a a*uu &c* Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Spencer, Colonel Granville, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Frezccn, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Sir

JVm. Cooper, Mr. Conyers, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Mich. Wharton, Sir John Lozvther, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Brotherton, Mr.

Bickerstaffe, Sir Fra. Winington, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Marm. JVivell, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.'A/oore, Mr.

Sir Wm. Williams, Lord Ashley, Mr. , Mr. Gery,

Then the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Supply, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Thursday last, for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, was read:

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

The House divided. *

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas kCollC

[Mr. Hecemnghi

ham:

1126.

la.

45,-

Tellers for the NoeJ'"' *"

' [Mr. Mansell:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

directed

I1"-1 '

M-Jf —

y:'-'

b; ?.

cTlC-g

Gy&

8 W. III. 260 — 270-

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Coinage. lie-solved. That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Coin of the Nation.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Pill to Payment of explain that Part of the Act, made the lait Sclftous, for 1 allies. laying several Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits, of the liift Extraction; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons, chargeable with the Duties of Excise; which relates to the Tallies of Pro betw een the First Day of the Sessions and the ' 20th of April 1C96; And that Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 27* die;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pra ters.

Mr. Adams /111DER ED, That Mr. Adams be desired to preach

10 preach on \J before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster,

5ti ov. Upon the ,5th of November next: And that Mr.

and Mr. Bickerstaffedo acquaint him therewith.

Supply. Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be given to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the effectual carrying on the War against France, for the Year 1697.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the effectual carrying on the War against France, for the Year 1697.

State of the- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

War. Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to cause the State of the War for the Year i6g7 to be laid before this House.

Coinace, The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Coin of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed. That there was a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair;

And a Motion being made, That Sir Richard do take the Chair of the Committee;

Resolved, That Sir Richard do take the Chair

of the Committee.

-28° Octobris. 569

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee/

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow, reported, from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Refutations; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuru, 28* die Octobris;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, jugulating or Bills, for further regulating Elections of Members Elections, to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. How, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Win. Williams, and Mr.

Cooper, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Robert Rich, from the Commissioners of the Ad- Cruisers. miralty, presented to the House an Account of Cruisers, according to an Act of Parliament:

The Title whereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Earl of Ranelagh acquainted the House, That his State of the Majesty, pursuant to their Address, had commanded the War-State of the War for the Year 1697, to be laid before the House: That for the Navy, by the Commissioners of the Admiralty; and that for the Army, by himself;

Pursuant thereunto, Sir Robert Rich presented to the House an Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Navy for the Year 1697:

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

1.Of the Wages, Victuals, Wear £. s. d. and Tear, and Ordnance Stores, of

40,000 Men, 13 Months, at Four Pounds Ten Shillings a Man a Month 2,340,000 — —

2. Of the Ordinary of the Navy for next Year - 107,497 — —

3. Of the Officers of the Two Marine Regiments, for One Year - 16*972 5 —

4. Of the whole Charge of the Registry Office ... 59,485 ——

Total - - £. 2,523,954 5 —

Two Millions Five hundred Twenty-three thousand Nine hundred Fifty-four Pounds Five Shillings.

II. PKendall.

R. Rich,

And the Earl of Ranelagh presented to the House a ArniY Lift of the Land Forces which his Majesty has now in his Estimatw. Pay, and which he thinks necessary to be continued and maintained in England, and beyond Seas, for the Service of the Year 1697:

And the same was read j and i3 as followeth;

VOL. XI.

;F HORSE.

HORSE,

First Troop of G uards

Second Troop of Guards

Third Troop of Guards

Third Troop of Grenadier Guards

Troop of Scots Guards

Royal Regiment -

Queen's Regiment -

Colonel Levifon's, late Villiers's -

Colonel Wood's, late Berkly's

Colonel Langston's -

Colonel Coy's -

Colonel Windham's -

Duke Schomberg's, and Leinster's

Lord Gall way's -

Earl of Macklef fcild's -

Earl of Arran's -

Colonel Windlbr's -

DANES. Prince of Wirtemberg's

Marquis La Forrest's -

Colonel Schefted's -

DUTCH. Troop of Guards

Regiment of Guards -

Steinbock's -

Reighteren's -

Monpevillon's -

Athlone's -

Tenagle's, late Sgravemorc's Rochford's - -

Schaak's -Vittenhoff's -

Boncour's

4 Regiments of Hanovers -

Total of Horse

DRAGOONS.

Royal Regiment -

Colonel Lloyd's, late Fairfax's

Karl of Essex's -

Sir Tho. Leviogfton's -

Colonel Ross's, late Brigadier Winn's

Colonel Cuningham's -

Colonel Leigh's -

Earl of Denbigh's -

Colonel Eppinger's -

Marquis d' Miremont's.

Total of Dragoons FOOT.

Full Regiment of Guards -

Second Regiment of Guards

Regiment of Scots Guards

Royal Regiment of Foot.

Regiment of Fufileers -

Colonel Sellwyn's -

Colonel Churchill's -

Colonel Trelawnye's -

Colonel Webb's, late Beaumont's -

Sir Bevil Granvill's, late Bath's

Colonel Brewer's -

Sir John Jacob's, late Hal'tiDgs's

Colonel Tidcomb's

Sir David Coljear's -

Colonel How's, late Lefly's

Colonel Colt's, late Goodwinn's

Sir Math. Bridge's, late Courthrop's

Colonel Collingwood's -

Colonel Stanlye's -

Colonel Robert Makay's, late D'O Farrell's

Colonel Earl's, formerly Luttrell's,

Colonel's Erles, from Ireland

48* Octobris. A. 1696.

Troops and Companies. Commission Officers. Non-commission Officers. 1 Private Men, 1 Together. Pay pier Annum. Servants allowed-

16 £ s. d.

1 5 200 221 >8,517 >3 4 14

1 16 5 200 221 18,517 *3 4 14

1 16 5 200 221 >8,5*7 13 4 14

- 1 11 20 180 211 11,746 18 4 Q

- 1 11 5 118 >34 9,687 14 2 7

- 9 40 45 531 616 33,829 8 4 J 75

m 9 40 45 53* 61b 33,829 8 4 75

6 29 30 354 413 *2,833 >5 10 5*

- 6 29* 30 354 413 22,833 >5 10 5*

- 6 29 30 354 413 22,833 15 10 5>

- 6 29 30 354 413 22,833 >5 10 5*

6 29 30 354 413 22,833 >5 10 5*

6 29 3° 354 4*3 22,833 >5 10 51

- 9 114 45 53* 690 43,949 — 10 75

- 6 29 3° 354 4>3 22.833 ‘5 10 5*

~ 6 29 3° 354 4i3 22,833 *5 10 5*

- 6 29 3° 354 413 22,833 i.5 10 S*

- 6 32 36 306 374 12,912 7 9

- 6 82 36 3° 6 374 12,912 7 9

- 6 32 36 306 374 12,912 7 9

- 1 >5 5 200 220 *8,389 18 4 12

- 6 28 36 402 4 66 25,206 5 10 5*

3 16 *5 >98 229 12,650 5 10

- 3 16 15 198 22 9 12,650 5 10

3 17 18 165 200 6,901 >3 6

- 3 *7 18 165 200 6,901 >3 6

- 3 *7 18 165 200 6,901 *3 6

- 3 *7 18 165 200 6,901 *3 6

- 3 17 18 165 200 6,901 *3 6

- 3 17 18 *6,5 200 6,901 13 6

- 3 17 18 165 20 O 6,901 *3 6

" 24 140 152 1,248 U54° 58,592 10 —

- 162 955 902 9«996 >1,853 608,637 16 I 8ir

8 38 7a 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 38 72 480 59° 20,65 2 18 4 67

- 8 38 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 3s 7 2 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 38 72 480 - 59° 20,652 18 4 67

8 38 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 8 38 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

8 38 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 10 45 9° 800 935 3*,329 3 4 83

- 8 38 72 480 59° 20,652 18 4 67

- 82 387 738 5,120 6,245 217,205 8 4 686

28 99 224 2,240 2,563 54,016 *9 2 >45

- 14 5> I 12 1,120 1,283 27»5*1 17 6 74

- 16 57 128 1,280 1,465 23,807 2 6 84

26 88 208 1,56° 1,856 3*,7*2 8 4 135

- >3 46 IO4 780 930 *6,455 8 4 69

J3 44 IO4 780 928 *6,145 3 4 69

13 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 6«)

" *3 44 IO4 780 928 *6,145 3 4 69 69 69

*3 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4

- 13 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4

r3 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

m 13 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

*3 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

13 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

" 13 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

13 44 104 780 928 >6,145 3 4 69

*3 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

13 44 IO4 780 928 >6,145 3 4 69

13 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

13 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

!3 44 IO4 780 928 16,145 3 4 69 Colonel

8 W. III.

38° OElobris.

5

Troops and Companies. a 0 § -§« is 05 Non-commission Officers. a a> ? c a* Together. Pay per Annum fl c ,©

FOOT. Colonel Mordaunt's, late Monmouth s T3 44 104 780 928 i- ib,145 s. 3 d 4 69 69

Duke of Bolton's - - 13 44 104 780 921 16,145 3 4 r

Colonel Lillinjdton's - - - 5 18 40 500 55h 8,988 2 0 2 9

Colonel Holts, late Colonel Godfry Lloyd s - 5 18 40 5 00 55? 8,988 2 6 29 69 69

Colonel Saunderson's, late Castletoii's - - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4

Marquis d'Puifiar's, late Vernier's - - *3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4

Colonel Ingoldby's, late Morgan's - - A3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4

Colonel Maitland's, late Leven's - - - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4

Colonel Ferguson's, late Monroe's, - - *3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

Lord Lorn's, late Arguil's - - - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69 Z'

Colonel Tiffin's - - - »3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 r9

Colonel Eneas Mackay's Colonel Coljear's, late Sir Cha. Grahan- Colonel Lawder's ... - - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4

i's - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

- - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

Colonel Columbin's, late d'Rada's - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

Colonel Seymour, late Lord Cutts's <U - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 69

Colonel Fairfax's, late Colonel Ed. Lloyd's - 13 44 104 780 928 l6,i45 3 4 69

Colonel Fred. Hamilton's - - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 P

Colonel La Melionier's - - 13 82 105 780 967 18,408 3 4 69

Count Marton's - - - 13 82 105 780 96/ 18,408 3 4 69

Colonel Belcastle's - - 13 82 i°5 780 967 18,408 3 4 P

Sir Hen. Bellayfys's - - - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 P

Colonel Brudenal's, late Row's - - *3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 P

Brigadier Stewart's - - - >3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 P

Colonel Coot's - - - 13 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 6g.

Colonel Bochan's - - - *3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 P

Colonel Geo. Hamilton's m - 13 44 104 780 928 i6, I45 3 4 ^9

Lord Strathnaver's - - - »3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4 p

Colonel Gibson's - - - *3 44 104 780 928 16,145 3 4

Colonel Northcot's - - - *3 44 104 780 928 i6, I45 3 4 69 69

Colonel Farrington's - - - 13 44 104 780 928 16,14 5 8,988 3 4

Colonel Russell's - - 5 18 40 500 558 2 6 *9

New-York. Companys - - 4 13 32 400 445 6,801 n 0 4 20

Company at the Leeward Blands - - - 1 3 8 60 7i i,i77 2 6 5

Company of Miners - - - 1 2 6 50 58 U733 *5 — 4

Company at Windsor - - 1 4 14 150 168 1,7*7 9 8

Company at Upnor - - - 1 2 6 5° 58 863 10 8 2

Company at Chester - - - 1 3 9 80 92 983 10 9

Company at Tinmouth - - 1 3 9 80 92 983 10 9

Company at Hampton Court - - 1 3 9 80 92 983 10. 9 1

DANES. Battalion of Guards - - - 7 42 91 728 861 14,224 5 2 23

Queen's Battalion - - 7 36 91 7*4 841 11,060 14 6 28

Prince Frederick's Battalion - - 6 32 78 612 722 9>5*6 1 3 24

Prince Christian's Battalion - - - . 6 32 78 612 722 0,602 J9 4 24

Prince George's Battalion - - - 6 3* 78 612 721 722 9, *52 18 2 24

The Zealand Battalion - - 6 3* 78 612 9,602 19 4 24

The Juitland Battalion - - 6 32 78 6t2 722 9,494 6 8 24

The Funish Battalion - - 6 31 78 612 721 9,'52 18 2 24

DUTCH. Regiment of Guards Count Nassau's - - - 26 9° 209 2,381 2,680 54,068 13 4 125

- - 12 40 120 684 844 11,231 4 6 36

Colonel Wilks', late Auver's - - - 12 40 120 684 844 11,231 4 6 36

Prince of Brandenburg's - - 12 40 120 684 844 11,231 4 6 36

Four Regiments of Hanovers - - 28 104 396 2,464 2,964 44,5-® — —

Two Regiments of Wolfembuttells - - M 52 I98 1,232 1,482 22,752 10

Total of Foot - 875 3,200 7»589 58,553 69.342 1,182,038 *5 6 4,23s

Total of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, now In Pay *,*9 4,54^ 9>229 73,66c 87,440 2,007,881 »9 11 5,7*9

£: i.

Memorandum: That over and above the Total of the Charge of the foregoing Lift, being - 2,007,88» 19 11

There will be wanting,

For the General Officers..... 3L°5° ® 6

For the Train ----- ----- -- - 2i°>773 4 5

For Transports, Hospitals, Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War 400,000

Total of the foregoing Lift, and the aforesaid Particulars By his Majesty's Command,

Vq l. XL

William Blatfm ayt.

£. 2,709>7I3 12 10

Ordered,

Receipts and I flues.

Navy and

Army

Accounts.

Supply.

State of the Nation.

Privilege — Publication of Proceedings;

To be burnt by Hangman.

Qoinage.

572 a8° — 30°

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts do lay before this House an Account of the Receipts find I flues for the last Year, together with the Deficiencies of the Funds.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts do also lay before this House the Accounts of the Navy and Army, so far as it appears to them.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

The House being informed of a printed Pamphlet, which hath been dispersed, intituled, " An Account of the Proceedings in the House of Commons, in relation to the Re-coining the clipped Money, and Falling the Price of Guineas

Whereof One was produced, and delivered in at the Table; and read:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the said printed

Pamphlet, intituled, " An Account of the Proceedings in die House of Commons, in relation to the lle-coining the clipped Money, and Falling the Price of Guineas undertaking to give an Account of the Proceedings of this House, in relation to clipped Money, and Guineas; is false, scandalous, and seditious; and ddtructive of the Freedom and Liberties of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said printed Pamphlet be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman.

Ordered, That the same be burnt upon Friday Morning next, in the Palace-Yard, Westminster; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this lloule do fee the same performed: And that the Sheri fis of London and Middlesex do assist the Serjeant therein.

Resolved, That a Committee he nominated to examine who was the Author, Printer, Publishers, and Dispersers, of the said Libel:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir Walter Yon ye, Mr. Norris, Lord Cults, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Chadwick , Sir Seymour, Mr. Clark, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Sir JVm. Cooper. Air. Poult na/, Lord

Coningsby, Lord Marquis H inton, Sir Robert Rich, Colonel IVhavton, Lord JVm. Paxvlet, Colonel Kendall, Lord

Flight;, 'Six. Conyers, Lord HarlingSir Edu ard Abney,

Sir Row. Gwyn, Sir Fran. Massam, Air.

Air. Bosctruen, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Sir

Onslow, Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Air.; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to fit de die in diem.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Alembers of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, to ifl'ue his Royal Proclamation, promising a Reward of Five hundred Pounds for the Discovery of the Author of the said Libel; and a Pardon to any Person, but the Author, that shall make such Discovery.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Coin of the Nation, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

*9

Octobris. A. 169(5.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all the hammered Silver Aioney of this Kingdom do go in Payments by Weight only, at the Rate of Five Shillings Two-pence per Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That until the First Day of January next, all the said hammered Silver Money be received at the several AJints, at the Rate of Five Shillings Eight-pence per Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said hammered Silver Aioney be received by all his Majesty's Collectors and Receivers of Taxes ana Revenues, at the Rate of Five Shillings Eight-pence per Ounce, till the First Day of January next.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the like Allowance be given for all the said hammered Aioney advanced upon Loans to his Alajctty, before the said First Day of January next.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the like Allowance be given for all wrought Sterling Plate which shall he brought into the Mints, to be coined, before the First Day of January next.

The said Resolutions, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question lbverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Serjeant Bond, Mr. Attorney-General,

Air. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Ndo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 30* die Octobris;

8* Guliehni Tertii.

PltAYERS.

SIR William Ashurst, according to Order, presented to inincton &c.

the House a Bill for the better repairing tire High- Heads. ' ways in the Parishes of Islington and St. Patterns: And the same wa3 received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill to explain that Part of the Act, lately parted, Payment of for laying several Dutie s on low Wines, and Spirits, of Tallieii the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excile; which relates to the Payment of Tallies, and the Interest thereof: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

The House being informed of a printed Paper, intituled, " A luminary Account of the Proceedings upon the happy Discovery of the Jacobite Conspiracy

Which was delivered in at the Table; and there read:

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Printing the Names of the Members of this House, and reflecting on the Members of this House for their Proceedings in Parliament, is a Breach of the Privileges of this House; and destructive of the Freedom and Liberties of Parliament.

Air. Serjeant Bond, according to Order, presented to Supply Bill; the House a Bill for the further Remedying the ill State of Coinage, the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the'AIints, to be coined: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;, Nine a Clock.

8 W. III. 31 °'Octobris. — 2 — ‘3° Novembris.

Supply Bill; Payment of Tallies*

Relief of Creditors.

Poor Laws*

Sabbat i, SI. die

Oflavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Supply Bill;

importing and coining Guineas*

A BILL to explain that Part of the A0, lately passed* jTx. for laying several Duties on low \V ines, and Spirits of the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excite; which relates to the Payment of Tallies, and the Interest thereof; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ash, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Clark, Sir John ner, Mr. If hitaker, Sir Fra. MSir Robert Cotton,

Sir Mann. JVyvell.Mr. Phillips, Sir , Doctor

O.vcndeti, Mr. Mo'.cszcorth, Mr. Mr. Tidier,

Mr. Pocl/ing ten, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. England, Mr. I larky, Mr. G ranville, Mr. How, Mr. Mr. Harvey, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Norris,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Boscazven: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Moore reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for importing Guineas; and coining Gold at the Mint; was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Creditors: And that Mr. Brotherton, Mr.

573

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole lloule, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That it be an Inliruction to the Laid Committee, That they do receive a Clause lor the Re-coining of the unhammered Money which hath been received at the Exchequer, or by the publick Receivers, or Collectors, pursuant to any Act or Acts of Parliament of the last Session; and the hammered Money which shall be brought in, pursuant to this Bill; and to apply the new Money, proceeding therefrom, to the Funds, or Uses to which tire hammered Money belonged.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, T die Novembris;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii*

Call of tb*

Bohun, Bill.

and Mr. How, do prepare, and

bring

in, the

State of Trade.

Supply Bill; Coinage*

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Poor; and to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, for explaining and better Execution thereof, and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor:

And it is referred to Air. HSir Mann. Mr.

Moor, Sir Isaac Rebow, Lord Coningsby, Sir Tho. Hussey,

Afr. Price, Mr. Bohun, Sir Rich.Onslow, Sir Henry Colt, Lord Ashley, Sir JVm. Twisden, Mr. Bald-ayn, Mr. Rider, Mr. Boscawcn, Sir Tho. Middleton, Mr. Whitaker, Sir JVm. Morley, Mr. Newport, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Next ton, Sir Fra. MAir. Morgan, Air.

Frewen, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Ash,

Serjeant Bond, Sir Sa. Barnard, Sir Walt. Young, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gzcyn, Doctor Oxendon, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Raleigh, Air.

Clark, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Methz, Mr. , Sir

Fra. Massam, Mr. England, Sir Gerv. Elzees, Sir

Turner, Mr. Woodroj/e, Mr. Air. Moyle, Air.

Wharton; and all that lerve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and Borough of Southwark: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Commissioners appointed to look after the Trade of England do lay before this House the present State of our Trade.

A Bill for the further Remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Aiints, to be coined; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Vot. XI.

P R A t E R Si

TIi E House was, according to Order, called over:

And the Names of such Alembers as made De- House* fault were noted down: And several were excused upon Account of Sickness; feme upon Account of extraordinary Occasions; and some upon Account of their being upon the Road:

And the Question being severally put upon John Mitchell Esquire, John Lord Burleigh, JVm. Hayne Esquire,

Morris Thompson Esquire, Sir Cha. Hotham, John Lord Viscount Lisburn, Christopher Tankred Esquire, Price Dcxvrcux Esquire, Sir Sam. Crimson, Sir Cha. Kcymish, Sir Scroop lhru'. That they be excused;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Names of all the Alembers who made Default to appear this Day, be called over upon this Day Sevennight: And that such of them as mail not then attend be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Town without Leave of the House, upon Pain ol incurring the Displeasure of the House.

Ordered, That no Leave be asked for Alembers to go out of Town, but between the Hours Twelve and One a Clock.

Resolved, That this House w ill, every Aforning, pro- Time of Cecd upon publick Business, at Ten a Clock: And that proceeding to no new Alotion be made alter One a Clock. Bnfiness.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 3* die Novembris;

Octavo G ulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for importing Guineas; and coining supp|^gin Gold at the Mint; was read the Third time. importing

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and coming be, An A 6tfor importing and coining Guineas and Half- Guinea*. Guineas.

Ordered, That Air. Moore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Navy

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Navy for the Year 1697, and the Lilt of the Land-Forces which his Majesty has now in his Pay, and which his Majesty thinks necessarylo be continued, and main* tained in England\ and beyond Seas, for the Service of the Year 1697, be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France.

7 G Mr,

574

3 NovembriSi

4. 1696*

Deficiencies Air. Hatley, from the loners for taking and

of the stating the Publick Acounts, according to Order, funds, Ac. fented to the Houi'e an Account of the Deficiencies of the Funds: And a If),

An Account of the clipped delivered out of the

Exchequer, to be melted; and the new Money paid ill from the Mint; from the 17th Day of January 1695, to the 2jd Day of October 1606,

And he delivered the same in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiencies of the Funds.

Double gd. a Barrel made a Fund; One

Third appropriated to raise 570,000l. for building 27 Ships; and the other Two Thirds, for a Loan of a Million; on which was borrowed 999,815/. or/. 2^d.) and, by a Second Act, continued to the 17 J/gy 1697; at the End of which Term it will fall llioi't, by Estimation;

As to that Part which relates to the Ships -8,000 As to the Loans, betides I £.

the Lots by Re-coinage of the } 105,000

Money, there will be an Increase of Interest;and the

Deficiency may be about - 95,000 Additional Impositions on Merchandize, granted for Four Years, from 1 3larch 7 tig 2,were made a Fund of Credit, at 8 per Ce/d. Intcrcfi, for 510,000l. Princi-

pal; and by the tit 3Iur. 1696, when it expires, will full short, besides the Lois of Coinage, about - 450,000

First4s. Aid, granted for the Year j6()3;on which was borrowed, at Interest,

1,896,874/. 16 s. 64.; and thereof remains unpaid, besides the Lois in lie-coining fume Part, about - 59,000

J here was a Clause of Loan, at 7 per Cent.

Intei eft, without Limitation of the Sum.

Second Quarterly Poll, granted lor the Service of the Year 1694; 569,293

19 <v. 7 id. borrowed on the Credi of the

Exchequer in general; afterwards transferred to thin Tax; of which remains unpaid, betides Lots by Coinage, about

- - So,000 The ACCOU"NT of the clipped and new Money,

Note, This Act had no Clause of Loan.

The Act to enlarge Time for purebafing Annuities to the 29th of September 169b, £.

besides the growing Inlereft, will be deficient 366,000 The Duty on Paper and Parchment was given for Four Tears, from the 28th of June 1694; w'as made & Fund for 330,000l. at 8 per Cent. interest; and, by Fltiinatioi) of what it hath hitherto produced, there will be a very considerable Deficiency at the End of the Term.

The Loans upon the Third Aid, granted for the Year 1695, when the Lois by Coinage is made good, will very near be latislied by that Fund; but the Certainty cannot yet he known.

The Duties granted upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, rind Spices, for Three Years, from the lit 1695, to pay 5 per Cent.Interest for the Debt due to Transport Ships for the Reducing of Ireland, hath not amounted to more than a Fourth Part of what was designed; which is fubuhtted to the Conlidenuion of the

Tioafe.

Filths, Burials, and Marriages, was granted iff

1695, to the lit 3 lay 1700, with a borrowing Clause of 650,000l. with Inten.lt at 8 Cent, hath hitherto, unless very lately* nnfwered but 2,000l. Principal Money; so that, at the End of that Term, there will be a great Deficiency.

The Fund of Salt, Glals, and Tobacco-pipes, not having raised the 2,564,000l. Principal Money designed, remains to be disposed of as the Parliament ilia.il think fit.

The Duties upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money, is granted for Seven Years, from the a.jih March 1696: The Acc ount of that Duty is not come in; so that an Lltimate cannot vet be made oi the Produce thereof.

What the last 4f. Aid will fall short in the Collection, and by reafun of Intercit, cannot be at present adj nlted.

The Deficiency which will be in every Fund, by reason of the Re-coinage of the Money, cannot appear other-wile than by Kftimatcs before the Coinage is fmished; which being lo near, there is now only delivered an Account of the present State of it.

Clipped Montv d«di\ ered out.

New Money paid in.

4 Customs-

Surplus of now Customs

New Customs

Kaji-India Goods -W iocs -

Tobacco -Add, 'ional Impositions

t Toiwgc -

' o

of Lon age -

Codec, Tea, C, 41/*./* Cent.-

Hereditary and Temporary Excil'e Ditto for Tallies of Pro -Additional Excite -Y Additional Fxcile -99 Years Excise -

Double Excise -

Low Wines continued Low Wines and Sweets First 4 s. Aid -Second 4 s. Aid -

Third 4 s.Aid Fourth 4$. Aid -

First Quarterly Poll Second Quarterly Poll Jteview of the Quarterly Poll -

£ S. d. \ </.

3,093 10 2i 1,101 18 2

4,53 & 10 (i 1? v *> 1 1 <) 7

1

7

ok

6

n}

275,477 4

122,628 6

133,590 6

139,79° 5 3 ‘,603 4 12,080 14

33,9^6 4

5,685 10 1,100 —

20,177 —

161,772 14

13,»9°9 11 — 54,799 '5 — 127,180 4 —

53 ----- ---‘

3,73° ——

I, 239 -

6,843 17 iof

II, 281 ——

772,523 4

1,384,712 2

84 9

18,896 1

6 —

124=464

54' j 9 ° 4,47^ 43'3f>7 12,295 4.4S0

13A94

650

62 8

10

H

1

13

19

2

13

>3

3

Si

u

4

i i

01

4

2 1 1

7i

3

7

3

3

9

5

67,577 19

58,467 13 — i

22,037 6

58,305 17

31 2

i,44i 9

665 10 2,392 1 —

2,214 12 7 359,290 13 364,777 6 n

6,690 2 —

Duty

8 W. III.

3* — 4 Nov

575

Duty on Salt ——

Paper, Parchment, fyc.

Coals, $c. - -

Marriases, 8$c. ——

Glals, ——

Hackney Coaches - -

Letter-Money ——

Tenths ——

Duchy of Cornwall ——

Seizures ——

ltecei vers-General ——

Competitions ——

Proffers ——

Coinage ——

Rent of Grants ——

King's-Bench Fines - -

Lotteries ——

Alienations ——

Annuities ——

Imprest money repaid for the Navy -

Imprest-mouev repaid ior the Army

Loans on the Fourth 4-y. Aid -

Loans on Second t\?niinued Impositions on Wines, §c.

Loans on low ‘Wines and Sweets -

Loans on Annuities ——

Loans on Exchequer General for clipped Money D*. to be repaid, a Mjiety, at Re-coining Loans on Salt for clipped Money -

Ordered, That the Commissioners of his Majesty s Treasury do lay lecture this House an Account, how the Tv\o Millions Five hundred Sixty-four thoulitiid Pounds, designed to Ikj raised by the Act passed the Lift Session, for laving Duties on Salt, Glass, and Tobacco-pipes, came to lad.

Deficiencies A Motion being made, ftnd the Question being put, of the Funds, That the Return- made by the ( ommissioners of Accounts, giving an Account or the 1 ‘eficiencies of the Funds, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom is referred the Consideration of the Supply to be granted to his Mujdtv, for canying on the War against France;

1 he I Joule di vided.

The Y eas go forth.

Clipped Money delivered out. I New Money I paid iu.

£. s. d. L-

42,352 15,088 3 9l'

51,284 15 2 21,611 11 — t

23,304 5 — 9,313 4 3*

40,598 4 — 7,458 17 6

1,327 16 —

1,537 748 16 3

23,300 8,149 14 4

2,473 8 5 30b 12 1

3,201 lo — 1 687 18 9

3,694 594. 12 6.

6(i6 16 — 69 13 —

350 j

.532 — 2 146 10 5

3,100

2 75

117

1,818 15 — I

2,320

7,631 3i953 10 3I

109,084

13,500

278,760

36;6,:')S5

09*959

189,717

16,760

9>~97

272

13

14

— I 52,256 6 7

139,451 i 3

151,991 18 1

37,697 11 10

98,856 8 3

6

5

8*

4,721,600 14 pi 1,815,527 19

31

Failure of Salt Duties, &c.

Mercurii, 4* die Novembris;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A BILL for the Repair of the Highways in the |/j;ngtoD &c.

Parishes of Islington, and St. Pancras, was read a Road* Second time.

And the Question being put. That the Bill be com*

mitted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

I Sir William Ashurxt 1

75.

rp , c xr fSir Willinm,

fellers lor the i eas.s -

[Sir John Woolst

rn .11 . r \rfSjr johtl Tellers for the iea$,<c. , '

'[Sir

Tellers for the Noe* fLonl i titers ior tiic Noc.t|si|.y.//o

So it passed in the Negative,

Tellers for the Noes,/--1

"5.

54>

271.

[Sir William Lowther,

So it passed in the Negative.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported^ Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to w hojp it was referred to contider further of the Supply to

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- he granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War

Supply.

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Returns made by the Cohimii-sioners of Accounts of the Deficiencies of the Funds.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to he granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against prance.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee,

against France, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed liiru to repot t to the House.; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read,; and are as follow; riz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the carrying on the War against France, a Supply he granted to his Majesty, for thq Maintaining 40,000 Seamen, for 13 Months, for the Service of tb# Year 1697.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of ;this Committee, That the Sum of Fotlr Pounds Five. Shillings per Map,

That they had fat. and considered the Eftitnates for the Month, be allowed lor theiaid Forty* thou land Se«tr Navy, and Land-Forces: and had come to several ltefo- men.

lutions; which they had directed him to report, when 3. That it is the Opinion, of this Committee,

the House w ill please to receive the lame. That the Sum of Eighty-five thousand Seven hundred and

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Forty Pounds be allowed for the Ordinary of the.Naity.

Morning. 4- That it is the OpinioftoftbiaGomniiU.ee,

1 , tt r j-j *mi nr That the-Sum. of Six men thousand 'Nine hundred Se-

And then the House adjourned till To-momm vcluy.two poUMu be alloaed. lor., tho Offiqe»^f:tl»

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. XL

Two Marine Regiments,

5. Resolv

576 4° — Novembris'. . A. iC6

M

Ways and Means

St Mawet Writ.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinioa of this Committee, That the Sum of 59,485 L be allowed for the Charge of the Registry of Seamen.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 87,440 Men, including Commission-Officer* and Non-commission-Officers, according to the Lift of the Land-Forces delivered into the House, are necessary for the Service of the Year 1697, to be employed in England, and beyond the Seas.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Pay of the Horle, Dragoons, and Foot, according to the Lift of the Land-Forces delivered into the House, for the Service of the Year 1697, be tire Sum of 2,007,881/. 19$.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That the Sum of Five hundred Thousand Pounds be allowed for the extraordinary Service of the Office of Ordnance, and for the Pay of the General Officers, and for Transports, Hospitals, Contingencies, and other extraordinary Charges of the War, for the Year 1697.

The first Five of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Sixth Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That 87,440 Men, including Commission-Officers and Non-coinmif--fion-Officers, according to the Lift, of the Land-Forces delivered into the House, are necessary for the Service of the Year 1697, to be employed in and beyond

the Seas;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr- Hece

letters ior me 1 eas, M

'IMr. Nicholas: Tellers for the Noes, If1r' Mm Ilm'

1

J

223.

67.

[Mr. Rozc

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 7th and 8th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Sum not exceeding the Sum of 2,372,197/. be granted to his Majesty, for the Maintenance of the Navy, for the Year 1697, for carrying on the War against France.

Resolved, That a Sum not exceeding 2,507,881 /. 19 s. lid. be granted to his Majel'ty, for maintaining the Land-Forces, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Mattes ,in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Seymour Tredenham Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Sir George do atte rd this House,

upon Tuesday Morning next, to give an Account, why the French ThoulonSquadron was not intercepted in going

into Brest.

Sir Richard Onslow also reported firm the Lid Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That the Officers and Mmilters of the Exchequer may give an Account what new-coined Monies wero brought thither from the Tower; and how issued out; to whom; and for what Purposes.

Ordered, That the Officers and Ministers of the Exchequer do, upon Tuesday Morning next, lay beforet his House an Account what new-coiued Monies have been brought thither From the Tower; and how the same was issued out; to whom; and for what Purposes.

Sir Richard Onslow also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Friday -Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 6* die Novembris;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertin

Prate ns.

/~\RDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given Mr. ,\<nn» to Mr. Adams for the Sermon by him preached before thanked, this House, Yesterday at St. Margaret's Westminster:

And that he be desired to print the same: And that Mr.

Roxtney and Mr. Harcourt do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the chief Inhabitants and Tradesmen of Coinage, the City of Coventry, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands in and about the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That notwithstanding the great Difficulties they have been put to in relation to the Coin, they have, in some measure, continued their Trades, and employed the Poor, under great Expectations that their unclipped hammered Money would have continued current among them; but that the same is voted by this House to go by Weight only at 5 and 2 d.per Ounce; which will put such a Dilappointment upon all their Affairs, that they mult lay down their Trades, and the Poor consequently perish; they conceiving the paying the said old Money by the Ounce to be impracticable, especially in dividing the same into many small Shares,' for Wages to the Poor, under Twelve-pence apiece: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be. referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for the further Remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

Leave of Ordei'cd, That Doctor of have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country, to the Funeral of a near Relation.

State of the The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Nation. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, tb consider of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That Sir George Rooke may attend the House, to give an Account, why the French Thoulon Squadron was not intercepted in going into Brest.

19

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the further Remedying the ill State of the Com of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Wharton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Wharton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progreis in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

lyir.

6° Novembns.

8 W. HI.

577

Mr. Russell acquainted the House, That his Majesty Lord Middleton prevailed for die other; pretending it Proceeding* had been pleased to let his Council know what Proceed- was absolutely necessary to make it a general Pardon, for against ings had been against Sir John Fenwick; and to have the a Security to the great Men for their Lives and Fortunes; Fen'vlck* Pa[>ers of his Informations read before them: That, in that it would draw many People to his Party, and those Papers, several Persons of Quality were named; and, strengthen their Interest so much, as they did not doubt amongst others, himself: That his Majesty had given him but, with a little Help from France, to restore him soon.

Leave to say this; and to Mr. Secretary, to lay the Papers This Declaration being published, and finding no Per-before this House, if they should think fit to call for formance of the great Promises made for it, and that them: Whereupon, these Men were engaged with a Commonwealth s Party,

Mr. Secretary Tmmball acquainted the House, That we advjftd to take care of trusting them too much; he had Two Papers of Sir John Fenwick's Informations; and, that we doubted they had procured that Declaration which, if the House pleased, he was ready, by his more for their own Security, whenever he should be Majesty ^Command, to lay before the House: restored, than any Service intended to him.

And he delivered the same in at the Table: Where the Soon after this, my Lord Shrewsbury, who had laid same were read; and arc as follow; vizr. down his Employment at the time he first treated with

my Lord Middleton, came into his Place again; which AFTER King James returned to France from Ireland, gave great Apprehcnftons, that what had puffed during the re was a felebt Number of his Friends intrusted by this time would be betrayed to this Government: We him to manage his Affairs here, who held a constant Corre- expressed our Fears of it to King Janies; but w as an-spondence with him, and his then Secretary of State, by fwered, not to be distatisfied, for it was with his Content his Command; who used all Methods possible to advance he came in; that be was more capable of doing hiiiy, his Interest, by engaging Men in Places of Trust in the Service, and took oft'all Suspicion of the Correspondence Government, Fleet, and Anny, to his Party; and, by he held. A little after he came in, Captain Floyd w as lent the Accounts they gave from hence, to move the French hither, to know what Proposals King James might make King to attempt his Restoration: But with little Success; to the French King, upon the Assistance he might expebt for, till the Year before the Business of La Hogue, we from them: The Answer he had was, That they could knew only of my Lord Godolphin, concerned in this Go- do nothing till the King here w as removed; which we vernment, who held a Correspondence with him, from the understood to be his next going into Flanders; and time he went over; in whom, King James, as he had often thought it too flight a Ground to move the French King expressed in his Letters, had an entire Confidence. to take any Measures upon, for an Attempt here: Upon

This Winter my Lord Middleton came to Town, who this, it was thought fit a considerable Man should go over, had often been desired to go over, believing it would be to lay the Danger before him of depending too much great Service to King James to have him there in his upon these Men, whose Party were Enemies to all Kings,

Business; he alleged he could do little Service by going, left they might engage him in feme Undertaking might unless he could engage and settle a Correspondence here prove his Ruin: At his coming the re, he desired he might before he went, (which he was endeavouring, and hoped to not fee my Lord Middleton; his Business being of that effebl in a little time) with fbme Men in this Government, Nature as was not fit for him to hear, because of his who had Power in their Hands, and were the only Men Correspondence with this Party: King James told him, capable to serve him; for his Friends, being out of all He must fee him; but he would give him an Oppor-Employments, could make him little Help; that he had tunity to discourse his Business in private: When he reentered into this Affair with my Lord Shrewsbury and my turned, he acquainted us with this; and that lie had fully Lord Godolphin already; and there were fbme others wtio, difeourfed him in all he was intrusted with: That he he believed, he should gain, and then he would go. found he reposed an entire Confidence in them: Said,

Soon after, Capthin Floyd,a Groom of the Bed-cham- They'were the Men could do him the belt Service; that her to King James, was sent over to him from my Lord they were grown weary of this Government; and the jHarlbvrmtgh and Admiral Russell, with an Assurance from Promises he had made them of Honours and Employ-them of their Interest in the Fleet and Army; which ments would bind them to him; that ho would try what they did not doubt but to secure to him, if he would they would do, whenever the French King had an Oppor-grant them his Pardon for what was past: At his Return, lunity to attempt his Restoration; but desired wc would which was within a Month, he acquainted me with fbme still continue to advance his Interest; and, whenever ho "Tilings King James had ordered him; and told me, He returned, he should know how to-value those who had had no Difficulty in Mr. Russell's Affair; but the An- been always firm to him.

fwer to my Lord Marlborough was, That he was the From this Time great Endeavours were used by this greatdt of Criminals where he had the greatest Obliga- Party to remove my Lord And, w e supposed,

tions; but, if he did him extraordinary Service, he might this Man's going was one great Occasion; my Lord hope for Pardon: And, a little after, he did a considera- Middleton not being acquainted with this Bufincfk: Alter able Piece of Service; of which we had an Account by he was out, we were ordered to write to Mr. who

One sent on Purpose by King James. gave us little Encouragement any thing would be loon

Captain Floyd went again for France, and came to done from thence; the French King's Fleet being gone

King James at La Iloguc, with an Account of the Fleet; to the a Famine in his Country, and a false

That wc could not put but 30 Sail before the latter End Calculation made of his Money, which had forced him of May; which he carried from Mr. Russell. to reduce his Army; and ordered 11s to keep ourftlves

My Lord Middleton, having settled this Correspondence, quiet, for he must take his Measures from this Party for went over in March following: After he arrived, King the Time of his coming; on whom lie must now Janies wrote, That, upon the Assurance he had brought depend, of these Men, being engaged in his Service, the French In Spring last Year, one Crosby a Secretary under my Ministers had espoused his Interest; and he hoped, now, Lord Middleton, came over; who had been several times the French King would lend him such an Assistance as sent to this Party before; and lmd engaged fbme Men be should fee us in a short time. in the Assassination; who he asked, at his coming, If they

My Lord Middleton then pressed King James to put had received the Commission for levying War, and hiring -out the Declaration which they had drawn, and sent over, the King; which Commission they had desired, as a Se-before he went; but was not approved of; it being a curity for themselves, against King lor this Under-

general Pardon for all should be dene till his Landing; taking; they told him, It was not come; he affirmed, which exposed his Friends, in the mean time, to all Seve- He law it signed by King James before lie came away: rities: He had sent to, us before, to fond him the Heads The Thing at that time was prevented; nor did that Com-for one we thought would be moll: acceptable to the mission, he mentioned, ever come. These Men believing People; io whieb there was some Exceptions: But my they were imposed upon by Crosby, One of them resolved Voi» XL 7 H to-

578 6° Novembris. r

to go over, to know the Truth: Before he went, he acquainted some of King James's Friends with it; who, detesting so base an A6non, told him, It would be a great Service to inform him what an Infamy Crosby had thrown upon him; and that he ought to be severely punished, to prevent any such thing for the future: lie affirmed to King James, before what he bad said:

He reproved him, and told him, He should be no more employed in his Service.

We had few Letters after this; and those ordered us, as before, to keep ourselves quiet, and not meddle in any thing, for Measures were taken from other People: And the lait Letter we had from King James himself, dated the 4th of February last, their Stile, laid, The T/wulon Fleet would fail the 22th; but what they would do next, he could not tell: Which was all material in it: And the only Hopes we had, something would be done when it arrived.

This Attempt of the Affalfination then broke out; with which we were all surprifod; and found ourselves exposed, without having the Icaft Notice given us, l'o much as to take care of ourselves; and which, we believed, was the Measures taken to restore King James.

All this time, Endeavours were uled by our Friends to make an Interest in the Fleet; but found it to little Purpose to engage private Captains; for, unless all their Men were of their Mind, which was impossible, they could do no Service: Captain Bottand Captain had both promised to go in, that Year, as I remember, my Lord Torriugton commanded: The first was killed in the Attempt; and the Officer who commanded the Land-men on board him mutinied, seeing his Design: The other broke his Word, and fought that Day, and was killed. The Officers commanding in chief were therefore applied to; and that Year the Fleet was commanded by Commission: Sir Debit al, and

greic, were both engaged to lerve King James: Their Opinion was asked of Shovel I; they said, lie was not a Man to be spoke to; but they could mailer him as they plealed: The Service they promised was, to fail the Fleet out of the Way, and let King James pal's by; and declare for him w hen lie was landed: 1 liiw the Account was font to King James of it; and his Answer: Wherein, he returned his Thanks, with Promile of Rewards and Employments when he was restored.

As for the Army; King James depends upon my Lord Marlborough'sIntercl't; who can do what he pleaies

with most of those who served in King James his time: At 'ir going into Ireland, Major-General and Maine,

anu some other inferior Officers, had promised to go in; hut none performed: Since that time, there was no Opportunity of making any Application to them; those left here lying in the Country, and being changed every Year; and the main Army always abroad; where the only Service they could do was to desert to the French; who would not receive them, because they would not trust them.

It was therefore thought the best Service, to l'ecure some of the Garrisons here; of which there was Four; Plymouth, by my Lord of Bath; Bandck, by the Deputy-Governor, who was generally upon the Place; by Crawford; and Imager Fort, by that Governor, if it

be the same was Two Years ago, whole Name I have forgot: King James had an All'uvance of their Service, that they would declare for him whenever he landed.

Sir John Fenwick's Information, taken the 23d September 16<)().

Whereas I told his Majesty, There were some Persons here who held a Correspondence with King James, and his Secretary Ale fort; they w ere the Earl of bury, my Lord Montgomery, my Lord Mr.

Richard Morley, Peter Coolc, and vnyself.

We uled to write to my Lord constantly: We

generally met at mv Lord Ailesbury s; but sometimes at my Lord Montgomerie's, and sometimes at my House:

We agreed what should be writ; and, for the most part,

every one wrote his own Letters: the Letters were generally put into Peter Cook's Hands; and, I believe, he

delivered them to Birkenhead; who had an Allowance from King James of 1001, per Annum, for conveying the Letters backward and forward.

My Lord Ailesbury writ often to King James; and my Lord Montgomery held a Correspondence with the Queen; for I have ieen him read several of her Letters.

Lord Mclfort, for the most part, writ One Letter to

be communicated to us all.

The Subject of our Letters was, giving an Account of all that passed, either in Parliament, or about the Fleet and Army.

The Accounts of the Fleet my Lord Aylesbury had from Anselm, as he told us, saying, Anselm was out 50/. a Year in getting those Accounts; and he only desired to be reimbursed his Charge.

The Accounts of the Army Peter Cook brought about a Year ago: He brought me a List of all the Forces, whether at home or abroad; which, he said, he had from Commissary Crauj'ord: I sent it over to King James, inclosing it in a Letter to Mrs. Fox; who writ me Word, it was the belt Account he had yet received.

For my own Part, I had no manner of Correspondence with any in the Army: I formerly heard Brigadier Maine swear he would go over to King James when he came into Ireland; but I do not know the Reason whv he did not.

I met Lieutenant General Taabout a Year before he was killed, as he was lighting out of a Coach at Si. James's Gate; he took me into the Court with him, and told me, He hoped lie and I should lerve together again: where we should lerve; and he would be as honest as I was: He did not name K. James, but I understood he meant him.

When any Letters came from France, Lord Ailesbury uled to go to Hogsden, and shew the Letters, as he said, to the late Bishop of Norwich: I never law the Bishop but once, at his House, w hen I went with Lord Aylesbury, and Lord Montgomery, to make him a Visit.

About Four Years ago, I remember there was a Letter from Mclfort, about borrowing 12,000l. for K. James: lie met at the Ship in Fish-street, Lord Lord

Montgomery, Lord Brudenall, and I, to consider it; but we could find no Way to raile any Part of it.

I have heard my Lord Brudenall often say, He had been out of Pocket (),000l. for K. James: I do not know % That Lord Brudenall ever writ a Letter; but uled to say. He would make his Wife write.

I never received but Two Letters from K. James: And they contained only general Encouragements, and of the King of France his being able to assist him.

Mclfort and Cary/l who succeeded him, uled to write to the same Ltle6t: But, I observed, Cary never encouraged us to do any thing: He writ to us to lit full and be quiet, and he hoped all would do well.

The last Letter I law of Iv. James was to my Lord Ailesbury, of the 4th of February lait: All that 1 remember signiticant in it was. That the 1 Fleet would

fail the 221I1 j and what they would do next, lie could not tell.

About Christmas was Two Years, K. James sent us Instructions; which we considered at my House: There were present Lord Aylesbury, Lord Montgomery, Lord Brudenall, and I think, Morley but I am not sure: Those I nit ructions were, To have an Account of all Lord Lieutenants, Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the Peace, and Mayors of Towns, that he thought would be in

K. James' Interest: We thought it a strange Demand: We answered. We would do what we could in it; but I do not know any thing that was done.

Archbishop Sander oft being then dead, we all agreed to write to K. James to make the Bishop of Archbishop.

We had another Meeting, in Berkley-street, at Andrew Newport's House; who was himself out of Town, and knew nothing of it; but he lent Lord Ailesbury the Use of his House, and he lay there when his Family was in

the

8 W. III.

Novembris.

579

i:

v.

fi

m

lot

lit

Itt!

ilc

)ii-

Dll

Proceedings the Country: At that Meeting was Lord Ailesbury, against Lord Montgomery, Mr. Morley, and Peter Cook: And envwck. t|ion we sent Fount aim over, with Accounts of Things as they then stood: This was about Three Years ago: He

Lords Justices with it: And as to the Matter I am indicted for, if their Excellencies require it, Til give them as sincere an Account of it as I can.

carried over a Paper of Cant Names, to write to us by; Ordered\ That Sir John Fenwick be immediately font Fenwick to

Lord Ai/esburu's Names were Atkins and Squire; Lord for to attend this House: And that Mr, Speaker do issue be brought up

__ J . 1 i *r .» i rr r r. j ____1 nru.H__ . .__l in (

Montgomery was Mun only; my Names were Pheasant and Janies; Morley was Jenkens; and Cook's Name was Cole; K. James's Names were Harrison and the Figure of i; the Queen was Mrs. Harrison and my Mother: His Journey cost us 60 L

Fountainc was desired to alk Places for us: Lord Aylesbury was for having Sir Robert Howard's Place; and Mr. Morley to be a Commissioner of the Treasury; Lord Montgomery proposed nothing for himself; but pressed me to ask the Government of the Torwcr\ which I said I would not ask: We told Cook, He should be the Queen s Secretary; I saw Fountainc when he came back; but I heard nothing of the Granting of any Places.

I know' nothing of Fountainc s lait going over.

O u j

Lord Ailesbury w ent for France about last Easter vvas Two Years: lie went to give an Account of all Affairs here to K. James, and to fee what Hopes there was of his beingafiiited from France: lie told me, at his coming back, That, lie had been with the King of France in his Closet, and w as a good while with him.

It vvas all along our Opinion, That K. James could not be brought hack with less than 30,000 Men: And, I believe, my Lord Ailesbury acquainted the King of France with it: He told me, The King heard him; but I did not find he brought back any Encouragement.

This is the considerable Man I meant in my Paper: And the Persons above-mentioned are the feled Number I mentioned in my Paper; but had not named them.

Lord Ailesbury had a Correspondence with tnc Due jyAumont, Governor of Bolognc, who sent over one Sa-very, an Englishmen, for Intelligence: lie came at that Time when the Mob pulled down the Marlhafs House in Holloa rue: Peter Cook brought him to me: And we had a Meeting at Lord Montgomery's, about fending him back: There met Lord Ailesbury, Lord Montgomery, Cook, myself, and, I think, Morley: Wc gave him such Accounts of A flairs, as they then occurred to us; and he took Notes of them.

Lord Ailesbury hath writ to Abbe Ren an dot, who was in Secretary Croisics Office; and hath received Answers from him; which he interpreted to me; but I cannot remember w hat it was.

We had another Meeting at Lord Montgomcryc's, last Winter was Twelvemonth: There were present Lord

his Warrant to the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, Und In CVaotJ>'-Keeper of the Gaol of Newgate, to bring him; and not to permit any Person to (peak with him by the Way, or to give any Paper to him, or receive any Paper from him.

Ordered, That the Lord Cutis, Sir Henry Hobart, and Mr. Norris, do lee Sir John Fenwick brought to this House, according to their Order.

And then the House adjourned till l our a Clock in the Afternoon.

Post Meridiem. ORDERED, That Candles be brought in.

Candles.

Ordered, That the Lobby, and Speaker's Chambers, jj0bbv, &c. be cleared of all Persons, but Members: And that the cleared. Back-doors of the Speakers Chambers be locked up, and the Keys brought and laid upon the Table.

Ordered, Thai after Sir John Fenwick hath been in the Fenwick to House, and withdrawn, he be locked up in the Serjeants be kept in Room: And that no Persons but the Officers be with him ^rjeant's there. Room-

The Iloufe being informed, That Sir John was Fenwick

come; -examined.

He was brought in to the Bar: and acquainted, That the House understood he had shewed some Inclinations to make a Discovery of the Practices and Dcligns of the Enemies of the Government; and that now he had an Opportunity ibr the fame: And they did require him to make a full and ingenuous Discovery to them.

Whereupon, Sir John Fenwick returning such Answers as the House, after being several times called in, conceived to be only Exculcs;

He was afterwards called in again, and required, peremptorily to make such Discovery;

Which lie refilling to do;

And being again withdrawn;

Resolved, That the Papers read this Morning, as Sir John Fenwick's Informations, reflecting on the Fidelity of several noble Peers, divers Members of this Iloufe, and

others, only by Ilcarlay, are falle and scandalous, and a Contrivance to undermine the Government, and create Aylesbury, Lord Montgomery, myself, and Mr. Noswor- Jealousies betw een the King and his Subjects, in order to thy, who was then designed for France; but staid some stifle the real Conspiracy.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Fenwick's That a Bill he brought in to attaint Sir John Fenwick Attainder, of High Treason;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller for the Yeas,

9 [Mr. A orris:

Tellers for the NoeJ£oI^el

[Sir Cha. Carteret:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Fenwick be remanded to the Prison of Newgate.

» ' C .7

time after, for a Hearing he had before the Lords: c

desired to carry over Accounts of the Fleet and Army; and we furnished him with such as we could then give.

I have heaid there were other Parties in K. James his Interest; but who met, and what they did, I know not; for we had no Communication one with another: There was a Dillinfiion made between Compounders and Non-compounders; and so we had no Conversation together.

I don't know, that any particular Notice was given from France, at the La Hogue Btifmcl's, nor any Directions sent at that time: Sacvilt, Oglethorpe, Harp, and myself, met

at the Fountain in the llai/market; but all that we considered of was, bow to save ourselves from being taken up.

Of this last Preparation at Calais I had not the least Notice or Suspicion of it: I neither law the Duke of Ber~ wick, or Sir George Barclay, nor heard of their coming over; and don't now know any one they converted with.

I never was in any Consultation with my Lord Griffin; and heard only accidentally of his Intentions of going over: When he went, I lay ill of a I ever.

This is what I can recollect at present: As any thing more conies into my Memory, I shall readily acquaint the Vol. XI.

} 179-

J

61.

And then the Iloufe adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Sahbati, 7* die Novem; Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

PETITION of Mary Strode Widow, Relict and Petition con-

A

Executrix of Colonel John Strode, late Governor ^rning a

- Member.

of

589

7* — 9° Nwembris.

J. 1699.

of X>roer Castle, deceased, w» presented tQ *b« and Abuses of Brevets Distillew, and other Person* House: chargeable with the Duties of Exafe; which relates to

And the same relating to the Lord Combury; end Sir the Payment of Tallies, and the Interest thereof; is com*

Joseph Williamson', who were not in the House:

Ordered, That the Lord Co and Sir Joseph Wil-

hmsm, do attend, in their Places, upon Monday Morning next: And that then the said Petition be read.

edited.

Bank of England.

ill.

182.

Leave of Absence.

Credit of the Nation.

Deficiencies of funds.

The Names of the Members who made Default to ap* Defaulters to pear, on Monday last, upon the Call of the House, were, according to Order,' called over again: And feme were A Motion being made, and the Question being put, excused upon account of Sicknefe; and feme few upon That the Bank of England do, upon Wednesday Morning account of extraordinary Occasions.

next, lay before this House an Account of their Debts, Ord, That John Mitchell Esquire be sent for in and of their Credits; Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House,

for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That John Esquire be sent for

in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Pallia* roent.

Ordered, That Thomas Preston Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting hiinfelt from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Scroop How Baronet be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending th'S House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament Ordered, That William Foster Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

The Question being put That Sir Thomas Stanley be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put, That the Lord Viscount Lis-

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Noesi^/^f ' So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr Nappierhave Leave to go into the Country, his Wife being very ill.

Replied, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, after Sir George Rook hath, according to Order, attended, resolve itteif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Ci;edit of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider of the Returns made by the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts of the De- be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms

Abuses in Receipt of clipped Monies.

ficiencies of the Funds.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Lurue, 9° die; Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

JJESOLVED, That a Committee be appointed to of examine into the Abuses of Receivers-General, in paying more clipped Monies into the Exchequer than they received from the Collectors; and in not receiving from

attending this House, for absenting himself from bin Service in Parliament;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That whatsoever Loans, not exceeding the Security for Sum of 600,000l. shall be lent upon the Credit of the boon. Exchequer in general, for the Use of the Fleet and Army, and Payment of Quarters in England, shall be transferred to the next Aids to be granted this Sessions of Parliament.

The Lord Cornbury, and Sir Joseph Williamson, at- privilege of tending in their Places, according to Order; Membtu u

The Petition of Mary Strode Widow, and Executrix of Suitt Colonel John Strode, deceased, was read; letting forth,

the Collectors the clipped Monies received by them be- That Charles late Duke of Richmond and Lenox deceased, fore the 4th Day of May last; and to report the same to being indebted to the Petitioner's said Husband and others,

devised his real and personal Estate for Payment of his Debts; and afterwards, to the Lady Katharine Obryan: That a Decree in Chancery was passed, by Consent, for Payment of the said Duke's Creditors, upon proving their Debts before a Master: And, in 1672, the said John

the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Williams, Mr. Blaih-

waite, Mr. Blake, Mr. Tho. Foley, junior, Lord W,m.

Pare let, Mr. Onslmo, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Wm.

Hustler, Sir Gercas Elwes, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. FoleyMr. Baldzcyn, Mr. Clark, Mr. Tho. Strode proceeded to prove his Debt; but the late Lord Foleyfenior, Mr. England, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Fuller, Sir Obryan, being a Member of Parliament, infilled on his

Godfrey Copley. Mr. Nevill, Mr Fleming, Sir Edward Privilege tiU his Death: And since, Sir Joseph ll

Aiscough, Mr. Farrer, Sir John Mainwaring, Mr. Freke, having married the said Lady Qbryan, and the Lord -

Mr. Burdet, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Hobby, Sir Wm. Cori- bury having married her Daughter, the Heir-apparent of

✓ ton, Sir Rorvland Gwyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mountagve, the Lord , they have all along been privileged by

Mr. Manly, Serjeant Bond, Mr. Ash: And they are to Parliament, which they would not wave: That, in 1694, meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's there being feme Interval of Privilege, the Petitioner pro-Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* ceeded on the said Account, and obtained a Report for and Records. 2,286/. 18 4; to which Report the Lord Cornbury

had filed Exceptions; and, Privilege then coming in, the Supply Bill; Ordered, That Mr. Speke, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Petitioner could proceed no further: That Sir hav-Paymeni of Yates, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Manly\ Mr. Henley, Sir ing paid off feme of the Creditors, hath gotten into Pof-

Tallies. Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fleming, Sir Tho. Day, fession of the said Duke's Estate; and he and the Lord: Mr. Bennet, Mr. Gery, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Lowndes, Combury have obtained an Order for Sale of the feme; Mr. Parker, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Tho. Littleton, whereby they will become Purchasers thereof; and stand Lord Combury, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Wm. upon their Privilege; by which means the Petitioner hath Lmcther, be added to the Committee, to whom the been kept out of her just Debt above 20 Years, and is Bill to explain that Part of the Act, lately passed, for now like to be deprived of the Provision, made by the laying several Eludes on low Wines, and Spirits of said Duke, for Payment of it: And praying, That the the first Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds House vyill order the said Lord Combury, and Sir Joseph

25

8 W. III.

p* — xo* N

581

K D?f..!.

1 Ull fij st

n

)r

is

a-

in

in

in

<e,

x

lis

a«

K Vr ie I*.

y.

id

it- f-.

fc

r!i

tk

rs,

his

h:

W

fit

b

rJ

lis

Williamson, to wave their Privileges in the Matter aforesaid, that the Petitioner may be at Liberty to proceed according to Law, for Recovery of her just Debt.

Ordered, That the Petitioner be at Liberty to proceed to prove her Debt, notwithstanding the Privilege of this House, by the Consent of the Lord Combury, and Sir Joseph Williamson.

Privilege Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider

Umber*. of the Privileges of the Members of this House; and

likewise how the same may be least burdenlome to the People; and to report their Opinions therein to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Wm. Williams, Sir Joseph Williamson, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Pelham, Sir Eduard Seymour, Mr. Molesworth, Mr.

Poddington, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Clarice, Sir Fran.Winington, Marquis Mr.

Haw, Mr. Brolherlon, Marquis Mr. Winington,

Mr. Henley, Mr Harrison, Mr. Sir John Barrington, Sir Sam. BarnardistoMr. Price, Mr.

Mr. Barrington, Mr. Manley, Sir Gxcyn, Sir

Tho. Barnardiston, Sir Win.St. Quint in, Sir Gero. Elwes, Sir Wm.Lout her, Sir Fra. Mr. Gicynn, Sir

Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. Louther, Lord Mr.

Norris, Mr. Travers, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Colonel Perrey, Mr. England, Sir Math. Mr.

Smith, Lord Walden, Mr. Burdett, Lord Spencer, Mr. Carey, Sir John Elwill, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Kay, Mr.

Mctlmyn, Mr. Onslow: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And the said Mr.-Mmfey endeavouring to excusehimself;

And being called upon to withdraw;

And he being withdrawn accordingly;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the said John Manley, Esquire, be, for the said Offence, committed to the Tower.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Supply Bill; Mr. Pitts: importing

Mr. Speaker.

.The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the importing and coining Guineas and Half-Guineas, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ami Means; House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 10* die Novembris; Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

ft

Praters.

Privilege.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Warrant for to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to take committing a into his Custody the Body of John Manley, Esquire, Yel- Memb*r. terday resolved to be committed to the Tower, and him to deliver into the Hands of the Lieutenant of his Majesty's Tower of London, to be there kept in sese Custody, during the Pleasure of this House; and also to the Lieutenant of

Fenwick's

-Attainder.

A Complaint being made to the House, That the Under Sheriff of the County of Lincolnehad taken Possession of an Estate of Sir Robert Dashwood, Knight and Baronet, a Member of this House, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be deferred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the Tower, to receive and keep him accordingly, the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented

to the House a Bill for attainting Sir John Eemeick, Baronet of High Trealbn: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, {Mr Mmk).

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Bill, and of the said Order, be forthwith sent to Sir John and delivered

by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. Solicitor-General, do take care, that the Evidence against Sir John Fenwick be ready to be produced to this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon do then produce a Letter, written by Sir John Fenwick, of which he did, on Fi'iday last, inform this House.

Ordered, That Sir John Fenwick be allowed Pen, Ink, and Paper.

fSir John Elwill, [Mr. Mason: Mr. Bromley,

104.

The House being informed, That Mr. from New Mouit*

the Officers of the Exchequer, attended, according to iffaed. Order;

He was called in; and presented an Account of what new Monies have been brought thither from the Tower, and how the feme was issued out, and to whom, and for what Purposes.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table*

I x 96. to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Mace, into Members Wcslmimter-hall, and Courts there, and the Court of summoned. Uequests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned, with the Mace;

The House was informed, That Sir George Rooke at- jnquil7 tended, according to Order: concerning

And he was called in, to give an Account, why the the Fleet. French Thotdon Squadron was not intercepted in going into Brest t

And he was examined in relation thereunto.

And then withdrew.

A Member

committed for words spokeu.

Ordered, That Sir George Rooke do, upon Thursday Sevennight, lay before this House Copies of all Orders Mr. Manly, a Member of this House, in a Debate re- by him received from the Beginning of January last, to lating to the Proceedings of this House against Sir John the time he left the Fleet.

~ ... — - Ordered, That Sir George Rook do then also lay before

this House a Copy of his Journal within the time aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir George Rook do then also lay before this House Copies of all Letters font by him within the time aforesaid.

71 Orderea,

Fenwick, standing up in his Place, and speaking these Words; viz." It would not be the first time that People " have repented their making their Court to the Government, at the Hazard of the Liberties of the People which w ere directed, by the House, to be set down, in Writing at the Table;

Vet. XI.

o

IO

11" — 12" Nffvembris.

A. 1696.

Ordered, That Sir Cloud do, in his Place,

attend this House, upon Thursday Sevennight.

Coinage. . A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of fVestbury, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by reason of the Scarcity of the Coin, and the extraordinary Rebate on Bank-Notes, Clothiers receiving few Payments in any thing else, the greatest Part of the Trade and Credit in the Woollen- Manufactory is already l'unk, and in Danger of Ruin; and the Poor much increased thereby: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whoie House, who are to consider the State of the Nation.

Counsel al- Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, in

Fenwick Chair, received a Letter from Sir John

1C ' which was read: Whereby he humbly prayed, That the House would give Leave for his Counsel, Sir Francis Pemberton, Sir Thomas Ponds, and Sir to come to hitn, with his Solicitor Christopher to advise with hitn alone.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Pemberton, Sir Thomas Ponds, and Sir Bartholomew Shoar, have Leave to attend Sir John Femdck, and advise him as Counsel.

Ordered, That Mr. Christopher Dighton be allowed to Sir John Fenwick for his Solicitor.

Ordered,'\'h&t Sir John have Liberty to advise

with his Counsel and Solicitor alone.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do acquaint , Sir John Fenwick with the said Orders.

Credit of the The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- anon. solved hit If into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider ot that. Part of his Majel'ty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, Tlrat they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloufe, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

And then the Iloufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Printing the better preventing and prosecuting Escapes, and rertie- EfcaPes* dying other Inconveniencies in the Law relating the reunto: And that Sir John Kay and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Credit of thA itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Nat, on* further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please tot receive the same.

Resolved, That the said Report be now' made.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported the Resolution of the said Committee , and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, during the Continuance of the Bank of England no other Bank shall be established by Act of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, during the Continuance of the Bank of England no other Bank shall be established by Act of Parliament.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning State of tbs next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Nation, to consider further of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 11* die Novembris;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Itumney OIR William Twisden, Baronet, being returned a Bur-* gefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Apulby, in the County of Westmoreland-, and also a Baron for the Port of in the County of

Kent; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Apulby,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rumney, in the County of Kent, in the room of Sir William Twisden Baronet, who hath made his Election to serve for the Borough of Apulby, in the County of Westmoreland,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the

Sh«iifl*. better Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts: And that Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

30

Jovis, 12® die Novem;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. How, according to Order, presented to the Regulating House a Bill for the further regulating Elections of Eleaions. Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next

A Petition of John Manley Esquire, Prisoner in the A Member Tower of London, was presented to the House, and read; " humbly begging Pardon for his Offence: And praying to difctmrge. be discharged from his Imprisonment.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Manley be discharged from his Imprisonment in the Tower: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant for that Purpose.

A Petition of John South Esquire was presented to the Gatto# House, and read letting forth, That the Petitioner was, Eleaion,

by

8 W. III.

12° Novembris.

583

*fcj

.fi?

]tf yi'j

12

e,

en*

11-r

i is>

by a great Majority, duly elected a Burgess to serve in this Money, to the great Prejudice of Trade in general: And present Parliament for the Borough of Gallon, in the Coun- praying, That all hammered unclipped Money may pass ty of Surrey, in the room of Sir John Thompson, called up in Payments, lb long as the House thinks it may conlilt

to the House of Lords; but one Anthony Constable for the said Borough, hath returned Geo. Evelyn Esquire, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying the House to appoint a short Day for hearing the Matter.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Fenwick's A Petition of Sir John Fenwick Baronet was presented Attainder, to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Bill brought into this House for the Attainting of the Petitioner of High-Treason; against which Bill, he is advised, there are many weighty Reasons to be offered: And praying, That he may be heard, at the Bar of the House, by Counfc!, against the Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Fenwick be allowed Counsel, at the Bar of this House, in order to make his Defence.

Ordered, That such of his Majesty's Counsel, who are not Members of this House, do attend Tomorrow Morning, to produce the Evidence against Sir John

Ordered, That John be allowed Two Coun*

fcl to appear for him at the Bar of this House.

Cattmi

Election.

Coinage.

Ditto.

A Petition of the Burghers and Inhabitants of the Borough of Gat ton, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners did, on the 5th Instant, duly choose John South Esquire as their Representative to serve in this present Parliament; but Anthony Aynscome, the Constable of the said Borough, did not only except against Nine of the Petitioners, but allb refused to poll Five more who have a Right to vote; and hath unduly returned George Evelyn Esquire: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises, and the Preservation of the ancient Rights of the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

with the Honour and Interest of the Nation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

A Petition of divers Clothiers, Factors, and others, Coinagt. belonging to Blackwell-hall, London, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That. Petitioners, who employ Multitudes of People in the Woollen Manufactures, having none, or very little, but ham mered Money, cannot pay, and manage their Trades, without a Currency thereof, till the greater Plenty of milled Money, and the now Deficiency of Paper-Credit, be restored; the Want of which may prove fatal to many Families, if the Currency of all hammered Money should stop: And praying, That the Currency of unclipped hammered Money may, for a time, be continued; and that Bank-Notes may be made more useful, till milled Money be more plentiful.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

A Petition of the Tradesmen, and others, the Inhabit- Ditto, ants of the Town of Maeclesfield, in the Cou nty of Chester,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their principal Manufacture is Buttons; which hath been carried on with clipped Money, the Justices at their Quarter-Sessions enforcing the Currency thereof; otherwise their Trades mult have flood dill, and the Poor unemployed; but now, such Money being refused, divers Families are ready to starve for want of Employment and Food: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of tho whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants of London was presented Ditto, to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Peti-

A Petition of the chief Inhabitants and Tradesmen of

the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, as

well on behalf of themselves, and several other Tradesmen, as of several Thousands of the poor Workmen living in

and about the said Town, was presented to the House, tioners are informed there is a Bill passing this House, for and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Act of all hammered Silver Money to be received for Taxes and Parliament of last Session, to make current Six-pences Revenues, at §s. Ounce, till the First of January

not clipped within the innermost King, the Petitioners next: That the Petitioners have considerable Quantities have with much Difficulty carried on their Trades in the of Merchandizes homeward bound, that will pay very Iron Manufacture, paid their poor Workmen, and have -great Sums for Customs, that cannot be expected before now great Quantities by them; but finee the Vote of April next, or after: And praying, That the Commis-this present Session, for all hammered Money to pass Conors of the Customs may, by the said Bill, be obliged after the Rate of .5 s.2 d.an Ounce, the Petitioners to receive hammered Silver Money at 5 8 Ounce,

have been forced to turn off most of their Workmen, by or before the said limited Time, on account of such for want of Money to pay them; milled Money being lb Entries as shall be made by next, or after, icarcc, that it does them no Service at present; so that Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be their Trade must be at a Stand, unless speedily relieved: referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom

And praying such speedy Relief in the Premises as the the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin House shall think fit. of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into

And a Motion being made, and the Question being the Mints, to be coined; is committed, put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom A Petition of the Clothiers, and Makers of Woollen Ditta the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin Yarn, dwelling in and near the Borough of Devizes, in of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate the County of was presented to the House, and

into the Mints, to be coined; is committed; read; setting forth. That, by reason of the Scarcity and

It passed in the Negative. great Difficulty of Monies, the Petitioners have been

forced to lessen their Trades; whereby, great Part of tho A Petition of the Mayor, Justices, Sheriffs, and Alder- poor Manufacturers are reduced to extreme Poverty; men, of the City of Norwich, was presented to the House, and, by their Clamours for Subsistence, are become very and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Vote of formidable to the Petitioners, who have extended their this House, of the 28th of October last, about regulating Credits to the utmost for their Support: And praying the Coin, the Inhabitants in and about the said City are the House to take such speedy Means as may effectually become very lcrupulousin taking of unclipped hammered relieve their present Grievances.

Vox.. XI. Ordered,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the rest, Mr. Aaron Smith, who continued Seventy-two be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to Days in Custody, paid but 13/. 6s. &d.-, and that others whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of were ordered to be committed, but could not be taken *he Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing though he was at great Charges in relation to them: Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed. And praying the Consideration of the House in respefit

thereof.

Coinage A Petition of the several principal Traders and Inhabit-

ants within the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and others within the same Borough, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by real'on of the small Currency of Money, the Petitioners have much suffered for feme Months past, and the poorer Sort reduced to the utmost Extremity; so that if a total Abolition of the old Coin, as is deligned, should immediately be put in Execution, it will be very pernicious to Trade, and the Poor in general: And praying the House to call in the clipped Money, at so much per Ounce; and that unclipped hammered Money may be current till all the clipped Money be re-coined. 1

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

Supply Bill; Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Coinage. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Wharton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Wharton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Fenwick to Ordered, That the Sheriffs of and Middlesex,

be brought and Keeper of Newgate, do bring Sir John Fenwick to

UP* this House Tomorrow Morning: And that Mr. Speaker

do issue his Warrant accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 13* die Novembris;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Coinage. A PETITION of the Aldermen, Com-burgesses, X Y. and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of Grantham, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are not only unable to pay Taxes, Rent, and carry on their Trades, but are reduced to great Perplexity, in buying Necessaries for the Subsistence of their Families, by the Non-currency of undipped hammered Money, and the Want of new Money among them: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises, that they may chearfully bear the Charges of the ensuing Year.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

Fee* of Per- A Petition of Samuell Esquire, Serjeant at Arms fons commit- attending this House, was presented to the House, and u not pai . rea(j setting forth, That, the last Session of Parliament, Richard Roberts, and several Persons, were, by Order of this House, taken into his Custody, and set at Liberty by the Prorogation, without paying any Fees; and, among

And the House being informed, That the said Richard Roberts an* Roberts had not yet given in his Accounts, relating to Sir Smith tu John Morgan's, and other Regiments, to which he was attenJ-Agent;

Ordered, That the said Richard Roberts do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account why he has not given in his Accounts of the Regiments to which he was Agent.

The House being informed also, That Mr. Aaron Smith had not yet brought in his Accounts touching Monies by him received;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Smith do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account why he has not yet made up his Accounts.

Ordered, That the Fees relating to the Proceedings of Fees on Pn>. this House be referred to the Consideration of a Com- «dings of mittee: And that they do report their Opinion, what Fees the House> ought to be allowed to the Officers and Servants of the House:

And it is referred to Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Fran. nington, Sir Philip Butler, Mr. MetMr. Hobby, Mr. Harrison, Sir Chr. Musgraxe, Mr. How, Mr. Ryder, Sir

Wm. Rich, Mr. Peirpont, Sir John Maimearing, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Dolben, Sir RowlandGwyn, Mr. Stonehouse,

Sir 7 ho.Roberts, Mr. Perry, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Bkkerstaff, Sir Rich.Mr. Whitaker,

Colonel Granville, Mr. Chadwick, Sir Herbert Sir

Hen.Colt, Mr. Farrar, Sir Robert Smith, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Clark, Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Sir

Hen. Hobart, Sir John FJwill, Mr. Mr. Bur-dell, Lord William Pirn let, Mr. Norris, Sir Robert Colton, Mr. Bridges, Sir Wm. St. Quin tin. Sir FJxees,

Air. Chase, Sir Edw. Seymour, Sir Wm. Thomas, Air.

Campion, Sir Humph. Foster, Sir J Key: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Serjeant at Arms be referred to the said Committee.

Air. Speaker acquainted the House, That he did, last Letter Night, after he came home, receive a Letter trom Air. r*ce‘Ie<i^ !V° Fuller: Mr'S|^'

And the Question being put, That the Letter be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Order oft he Day, for the reading the Bill to Fenwick* attaint Sir John Fenwick, Baronet, of High Trealbn, was Attainder,

read:

Ordered, That the Lobby, and Speaker's Chambers, be cleared of all Persons, except Members, and the Counsel and Witnesses; and the Back-doors be locked up.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do stand with the Alace at the Bar, while Sir John Fenwick shall be there.

Ordered, That the Bill be read while Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel, are at the Bar.

Then Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel appointed to

produce the Evidence against him, and also the Counsel or Sir John Fetrwkk, were called in.

And the Bill was read.

And Air. Ser jeant Gold and Mr. Serjeant Lovell opened the Nature of the Evidence against Sir John Fenwick.

After which, before any Evidence was produced, the Counsel for Sir John Fenwick infilling, That no Evidence should be produced, but what related to the Proof of the Allegations in the Bill; or else, that they might have further Time to produce Witnesses to answer the fame;

Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel on both Sides, withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir John Fenwick be allowed further

Time

J Sit:-

ts^.

is

y

o

4

es

ife

as

ofr«:.

11-

:es k<ik he

fr,

>ir

Ir.

Ir.

-r,

Mr

Ir.

Mr

ir*

Af-

it

ire

the

af: Lc

Ur."-

8 W. III.

13" — -14° N

5^5

Mi

,te

ikl

at

to

icl

Ji

vi*

in

Time to pro luce Witnesses in his Defence, against the Charge of High Treason; and that he gave in a List of his Witnesses to Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, That the Counlei, in managing the Evidence against Sir John Fenwick, be allowed to produce Evidence touching the -Allegations in the Bill, and the Treasons for which he w as indicted.

Resolved, That this House will proceed further in the . Matter of Sir John Fenwick upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

And Sir John Fenwick w as called in, and acquainted with the said Refutations.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir John Fenwick be remanded to the Prison of Newgate.

Ordered, That Sir John Fenwick be, by the Sheriffs of London and Middlescr, and Keeper of the Gaol of Nerw-gate, brought to this House upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill to attaint Sir John Fenwick Baronet of High Trealbn be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Coinage.

Coinage.

Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider further of the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and en the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

# And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sahbati914* die Novembris; t 8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

PETITION of the Citizens, Tradesmen, and

other Inhabitants, of the City of Peterborough, in the Name of themselves, and others in the said City and.

Neighbourhood, was presented to, the House, and read;, exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, be reckoued Part of

The House being informed, That Mr. Richard Roberts attended, according to Order;

He was called in to the Bar; and gave an Account what he had done in relation to his Accounts for the Regiments to which he was Agent.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Richard Roberts do, in a Week next, perfect his Account, before the Commissioners lor taking and stating the Publick Accounts, of the Money by him received for the Use of Sir John Morgan's Regiment.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Prifohsand how' the A bulbs of Prisons, and other pretended privi- Prete.nd^. leged Places, may be regulated; and to report their Opinions therein to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Phillip Butler, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Meth-ziyn, Sir Chr. Mas grave, Sir Fra. fVinington, Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Harrison, Mr. Peirpoint, Mr. How, Mr. Lou ther.

Sir JVm. Rich, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Heveningham, Sir Thomas Roberts, Sir Jo. Mamaring, Sir Robert Dovers,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Bickerstqffe, . Mr. Stonehouse, Mr,

JVhilaker, Mr. Perrey, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Smiths Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Robtrt Smith, Colonel Granvill, Mr.

Clarke, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. AI or daunt, Sir Henry Goodrich Mr. Fortescue, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir John Elwill, Sir JVm. St. Quintin,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Manley, Mr. Burdet, Sir Bay.

Nezdand, Mr. Norris, Mr. Morgan, Sir Gervas Elwcs,

Sir John Kay, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Edw.

Seymour, Mr. Chase, Lord JVm. Pazclet, Mr. Campion,

Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Hump. Forster, Sir JVm. Thomas:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Resolved, That the Monies to be lent, not exceeding Security^* Six hundred Thousand Pounds, pursuant to the late Vote Loan»,&4> of Credit of this House, shall be charged on the next Aids, or Supplies, next after the Loans remaining unpaid, which were made on the Contributions for Annuities: And that the Loans already made on the Exchequer in general, not

Smith's and

Robert's

Accounts.

letting forth. That the House having under their Cpufide-rfrtion the ill State of the Coin, the petitioners hope the Currency of the undipped hammered Money shall not be flopped; which if it should, it would not only ruin Trade, but deprive the Petitioners even of a Subsistence, for vvant of milled Money: And praying that the unclipped hammered Aloney may be; made current.

Ordered, That the Confide ration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Pjate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

The House being informed, That Mr. Aaron Smith attended, according to Order;

He was called in to the Bar; and acquainted the House, That he had endeavoured to make up his Accounts; but, by reason of Sickness, had not been yet able to finifti the fame; and made his Complaint to the House of ill Usage he had while he was in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, the last Sessions.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Smith do, by the First Day of January next, make up his Accounts, of the Monies by him received and paid, before the Commissioners for taking and stating the Publick Accounts, upop Pain of incurring the Displeasuie of this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee appointed to tonlider of the Fees relating to the Proceedings of ttiis House, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint of the said Mr. Smith, of his ill Usage; and to report the fume with their Opinions therein, to the House; And aft that come are to have Voices

the said Six hundred Thousand Pounds.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Samuel Privilege Peters, a menial Servant to Thomas Freke Esquire, a Member of this House, hath been arrested by John Antum and Samuel Darker, Serjeants, at the Suit of Eliz. Fortye; and is detained a Prisoner in the Compter of London', in Breach of the Privileges of this House:

Ordered, That the said Samuel Peter's be discharged from his Imprisonment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint of the said Breach of Privilege be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Coinage, consider further of the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel JVharton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel JVharton reported from the said Committee*

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have I^eave to fit again.

Resolved, That this-IIoule will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whol#

House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Cmmittm

Vo U XL

7K

And

Speaker's Ch imber, &c. cleared.

Letter concerning Sir J. Fenwick.

Member*

summoned.

Fenwicks

Attainder.

585

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 16* die;

8® Guliehni Tertii.

160 Novemim. A. 1696.

till Monday And the said Information was read.

Then severalof the Grand Jury were produced: Who testified. That Mr. Porter and Goodman were the Evi- — dence upon the Bill before the Grand Jury j and also tef-

tified what Goodman then swore.

And it being grown dark. Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel on both Sides, withdrew.

Praters.

RD E R E D, That the Speaker's Chamber, and Lobby, be cleared of all Persons but the Members of the House, and Sir John Fenwickthe Counsel, Witnesses,

and Solicitors: And that the Back-doors of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up.

Ordered, That Mr. Vernon do produce the Letter, of which he formerly informed this House; and do give his Evidence relating to Sir John Fenwick, while Sir John Fenwick is at the Bar.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westm'mster-hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned with the Mace;

The House, according to the Order of the Day, ceeded further upon the Bill to attaint Sir John Fenwick Baronet'of High Treason:

And Sir John Fenwick was brought to the Bit} and the Counsel were called in.

And the Bill found by the Grand Jury was produced, and read; with the Jurat of Captain and Cardell

Goodman thereupon.

And Captain Porter was called in, and examined:

And, in proceeding in his Evidence, it being objected, by Sir John Fenwick's Counsel, That Captain Porter

should not be examined touching any Attempt to take off his Evidence;

That Matter was argued by the Counsel of each Side.

And then Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel on both Sides, withdrew.

Resolved, That Captain Porter be examined touching the Attempt to take off his Testimony as to the late Conspiracy.

Then Sir John Fenwick was again brought to the Bar;

and the Counsel were called in.

And Captain Porter proceeded in hi* Evidence, relating to one Clancye' % endeavouring to procure him to withdraw himself.

And the Record of the said Conviction for the same was produced, and read.

Also Mr. Thomas Row was called in; and examined, touching Mr. Digh ton's Endeavours with him to dilbredit Mr. Goodman.

And the Proclamation for apprehending Mr. Goodtmn as being withdrawn, was produced.

And an Information of the said Cardell , sworn

before James Vernon Esquire, 24 April 1696, being produced to be read;

And the same being objected against by Sir John -wick's Counsel;

That Mattel* wa* argued by the Counsel of each Side.

And then Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel on both Sides, withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the Informations of Cardell Goodman, upon Oath, before Mr. Vernon the 24 ef Apj'il 1696, be read;

' The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for U* } n*

Teller, fortl«Noes,{«;^2"-^; } ,45.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then Sir John Fenwick was again brought to the Bar j and the Counsel were called in.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

*4».

163.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Proceeding in the Matter relating to Sir John Fenwick be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten a Clock;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

-Teller, for «heY«,{"

Teller, for he Noe,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then Sir John Fenwick was again brought to the Bar-; and the Counsel were called in.

And the Record of the Tryal and Conviction of Mr. Peter Cook being produced to be read;

Which being objected against by Sir John

Counsel}

That Matter was argued by the Counsel of each Side.

And then Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel on both Sides, withdrew.

And the Question being put. That the Record of the Tryal and Conviction of Mr. Cook be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the },i"'

Teller, for the Noes,{^; / 1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then Sir John Fenwick was again brought to the Bar; and the Counsel were called in.

And the Record was read accordingly: And that Porter and Goodman were sworn upon the Indictment,

And the Counsel against Sir John Fenwick offering to produce Evidence of what Mr. Goodman swore against Mr. Cook, at his Tryal;

Which being objected against by Sir John Fenwick's Counsel;

That Matter was argued by the Counsel of each Side.

And then Sir John Fetrwick, and the Counsel on both Sides, withdrew.

And the Question being put, That the Counsel against Sir John Fenwick be allowed to examine Witnesses, as to what Mr. Goodman swore at the Tryal of Mr. Cooke;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the }

Teller, for the Noes,{: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock;

It passed in the Negative.

Then Sir John Femvick was again brought to the Bar; and the Counsel were called in.

And several of the Petty Jury were called in; and gave Evidence of what Goodman testified against Mr. Cook, at his Tryal.

And Mr. Vernon gave his Evidence touching the putting off Sir John Fenwick's Tryal from time to time: And produced the Letter ordered by the House.

And one Fowles was examined touching that Letter:

But, it not being proved to be Sit John Fenwick's Hand, nor that he was privy to the Delivery ofit, the Letter wa* not read, nor infffted on by the Counsel.

Then the Counsel for Sir John Fenwick desiring time

»7 till

180,

102.

Candle*.

gw. III. 16° — 17° Ndvmbris. 587

till Tomorrow Morning, to make their Defence and Ob-

lervations;

Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel on both Sides,

withdrew.

After which they were called in again:

And the Counsel for Sir John Fenwick were demanded, by Order of the House, whether they had any Witnesses to produce; for that, if they had any, the House would hear the same presently:

Whereupon, the Counsel for Sir John declared,

That they had no Witnesses, but only in relation to a Record.

And then Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel, again withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will proceed further in the Matter relating to Sit John Fenwick Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir John Fenwick be remanded to the Prison of Newgate: And that he be, by the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, and Keeper of the Gaol of Newgate, brought to this House Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The Counsel for Sir John Femvick having informed this House, That they had no Witnesses to produce except in relation to a Record;

Resolved, That this House will not allow them to produce any Witnesses, unless in relation to the said Record.

Ordered, That the Rill to attaint Sir John Femvick , Baronet, of High Treason, be read a Second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Dighton do attend this House To-inorrow, at Twelve a Clock,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, Twelve a Clock.

Money is refused in Payments; which hath put a Stop to all Trade; and the Petitioners can hardly get pafiable Money for the necessary Subsistence of their Families:

And praying, That the unclipped hammered Money may pass by Tale; and such as is clipped to go by Weight.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

A Petition of fthe Mayor, Aldermen, Brethren, Com- Coinage. mon-Council, and other Inhabitants, in and about the Borough of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, without the Currency of undipped hammered Money, their Trades mult beat a Stand; being far from the Mints, and having no milled Money among them: And praying the Currency of unclipped Money by Tale.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom

the Bill for the further remedying the ill State.....of

the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Commis-examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of fionera of the Kingdom; to commence from the Expiration of the Account* present Commission: And that the Lord Spencer and Sir John Kay do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Ways ud next, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Martis, 17* die Novembris;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Malmsbury QOODWYN IVharton, Esquire, being elected a Bur-Writ. gels to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, and for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the county of ; made his Election to serve for the Borough of Cockermouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wills, in the room of Goodwyn Wharton, Esquire, who hath made his

Elefition to serve for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland.

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Foster, in Custody of the Seqeant

discharged at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from

from custody. his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Coinage. A Petition of the Town of Bodmyn, in the County of ' Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Six-pences unclipped, and old hammered Monies, which are most current, are refused in all Payments, unless by Weight; the Loss thereby being lb great, and little or no milled Money being among them, that Trade fails, and the Poor must either Seal, or starve: And pray-. ing feme speedy Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be , referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into tlx; Mints, to be coined; is committed.

Pitta. A Petition of the City of Chester was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That, of late, all hammered Vo t. XI.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into MemUn Westminster-hall, and the Courts there, and the Court fommoned. of Requests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned with the Mace;

The House proceeded further in the Matter relating Fenwick's to Sir John Fenwick, Attainder.

And he was brought to the Bar:

And his Counsel were heard.

And then Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel on both Sides, withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir John Femvick be brought in without the Counsel.

And he being brought in accordingly;

Mr. Speaker by Direction of the House, required him to give an Account of what he knew, in relation to the Persons of Quality, that have been in this Government, against whom he had given Information:

Whereunto Sir John Fenwick replied, That he was under a double Prosecution for his Life; and did net know but what he might say might be to his own Prejudice: And flnee the House had done him the Favour to hear him by his Counsel, he hoped they would please to consider what they bad said.

And being pressed again, by Mr. Speaker, to give the House Satisfaction in what they required;

He inflfted on what he had laid before; and that he did not do it out of any Obstinacy, but for his own Preservation.

And then withdrew.

Afterwards, Sir John Femvick was again brought to the Bar; and the Counsel were called in.

And Mr. Vernon gave his Evidence, according to Order.

And the Counsel for Sir John Femvick were heard thereupon.

And

Ditto.

VJ* — 18° Novembris.

Af 16

Coinage.

And then Sir John Fenwick, and the Counsel on both Sides, withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

Ordered, That the Counsel of both Sides be discharged from any further Attendance at this time.

Then the Bill to attaint Sir John Fenwick Baronet of , - ,

High Treason was, according to Order, read a Second whereby he was committed

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table And a Motion being made, and the Question being until Mr. Secretary Trumba shall be in the House, to

to a Serjeant and File of Dutch Guards, who hurried him on board a Dutch Vessel, one Commander i

That her said Husband was conveyed to Brussel Is, where he is a Prisoner in a Dungeon, living on Bread and Water, not being permitted to speak with, or write to, any Friend whatsoever: And proving the House to take the Pfemiles into Consideration, that her Husband may be brought back again, and tried here by the same Laws

Ojfihe's

Complaint.

put, that the Bill, be committed; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the' Yeas

Tellers for the

[Mr. Po: Noes Rober Dovers,

182.

128.

Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir John Fen be remanded to the Prison of Newgate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Mercurii, 18 die

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

give the House an Account of the Matter thereof.

A Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and Common- Newfound Council, together with the Merchants, and other Traders *und to the Newfoundland, of and from the Town of Dart-

mouth, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Trade to Newfoundland hath been anciently the foie Propriety of England, and a great Advantage to it: but the French have, in a great measure, possessed themselves of that Trade: That last Season, the French made great Devastations there to the English Fishery, carrying away their Ships out of th#

Harbours, and burning their Houses, to their utter Ruin:

And praying, that feme considerable Force may be lent thither early the next Spring, for the Security of our Trade for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion, what Remedies they shall conceive necessary to secure the' said Trade for the future.

And it is referred to Mr. Boscarccn Mr. Vincent, Mr. Haynes, Sir John Lout her, Mr. Henley, Mr.

Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir John lioliis,

Mr. Foley, Sir Jos. Herne, Mr. Daniel/, Sir

Mr. Mount ague, Sir Urn. Hollywood, Mr. Mr.

England, Mr. Baiduyn, Mr. Norris, Lord

Mr. Stevens, Lord Spencer, Mr. Hohlyn, Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Ash, Mr. How, Mr. Louther, Mr. Mr.

Heveningham, Mr. Baggett, Sir Isaac Rebow,

Sir Edward Aiscough, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

P R A Y JE ft S.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Burgeflfes, and other Inhabitants, of the Tow n and

Borough of Stamford, in the County of Linco/ne, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that all hammered Money is to go by Weight only, at5.v. 2 d. per^uu.utuxtlowu

Ounce; whereas the Currency of the undipped Money TjohnEteiU, "sir Robert Sir

hath been of great Advantage for carrying on of Trade, Mr Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Pock/ington, Lord

and relieving the Poor; the Alteration of which Course, Mr. Yard, Sir Mr. Newport: and the Petitioners fear, will prove of ill Consequence to the all that serve for the Weltern Counties; And they are to

Subjefil: And praying the House to take such Care in the Premises as may be most beneficial to the Nation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom: and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed.

A Petition of the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, Was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Trade of the said Town doth-chiefly depend upon the Woollen Manufacture, to which a total Stop is now put; the principal Cause

meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Ditto: Council, together with the Merchants, and other Trader* to from the City of Exon, and Parts adja-

cent, was also presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That that Trade is so advantageous to his Majesty's Revenues, and the Education of Seamen, that no other can parallel; but if it be not supported by a considerable , l 1 xt Force by Sea and Land, to be sent thither early in the

whereof, the Petitioners conceive to be, is the Non- Spring, all our Fiffiing-Harbours mu ft inevitably

payment of Bank Bills: And praying, That feme speedy M in» t£e jfandg of the Enemy, who, this Year, took all Caic may be taken in the Premises. the Traders Ships and Goods, and burnt their Houses, to

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

A Petition of Mary Greibc, Wife of Conrade Gentleman, wras presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That her said Husband was, by a Warrant under the Hand of Sir Win.Trumbull, One of the Secretaries of State, seized. by one Kit Jon, aMeflenger, on the 9 th Day of March last, with all his Papers and Writings, for treasonable Practices; and continued in the said Mefiinger's Custody until the 27th of March, w ithout ever being carried before the said Secretary, or examined, when, about Two a Clock in the Morning, the Petitioner's said Husband was, by an Order from the said Secretary, delivered

the Ruin of feme Thousands of his Majesty's Subjects:

And praying the House to take feme speedy Care, that so advantageous a Trade may not be loft to the Nation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Petition of Dartmouth is referred.

A Petition of Francis de Salles, Surgeon to Colonel Du Irish Arran. Cambon s Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is due to the Petitioner, for his Service in the said Regiment, above 600l.;.and the Petitioner hath often desired Mr. Bouniott, Agent to that Regiment, to make up an Account with him; which he relules to do, drawing his Sword, and threatening the Petitioner: That he came over from Ireland on purpose to settle the said Account; and has been here about

Fourteen

Supply I Coinage.

Ditto.

Regulating

Elections.

Committees

Abuses in the Mint.

Debts of Goldsmiths.

8 W. III. 18° — 190 — 2o° Novembris. 589

Fourteen'Months in prosecuting the feme; and obtained an Order for that Purpose from the General Court at the Horse-Guards; but Bouniott did not obey it: And then the Petitioner petitioned this House the last Session, which was referred to a Committee; but, by reason the Session was near expired, the Matter was not heard: And praying, That the House will take his same into Consideration; and order the said Bouniott to make up his Accounts.

And the House being informed, That the Matter of the said Petition had been before the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Commissioners shall be in the House, to give an Account thereof.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; is committed; have Power to receive a Clause for the Collectors of the Tax for making the Rivers of Wye and Lugg, in the County of Hereford, navigable, to receive hammered Money by

Weight.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-iolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Wharton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Wharton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made on Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Colonel Wharton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the encouraging the bringing in of wrought Plate to the Mints, to he coined.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the encouraging the bringing in of wrought Plate to the Mints, to be coined: And that Colonel Wharton and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Bill for further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be read a Second time on Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Petition of Mary Greibe, presented Greib*'* to the House Yesterday, be taken into Consideration Complaint, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Way. felved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning*.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House,

That they may have Leave to fit again.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of Ways and Means ..... for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, " after the reading the Bill for further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament

And the Question being put, That the said Words be added;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for they}

TeUers for the , } .43-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1097.

Ordered, That Sir George Rooke do lay the Papers, for- Enquiry con-merly ordered, before this House Tomorrow Morning. ®ermnS d*«

r If 6t*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Jovis, 19* die Novembris;

8' Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

D ESOL VFD, That a Committee be appointed to

inspect the Mint at the Tower of London, during this Sessions; and to report their Proceedings and Observations once a Week to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Colt, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Lord Pau lett, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Sir Robert

Cotton, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Cooper, Sir Henry

Colt, Mr. Vincent, Sir Gere. Elwes, Mr. Moore, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir John or any Five of them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better enforcing Goldsmiths, and others, who receive Money payable upon Demand, to pay their Debts; and likewise for the better Discovery of their Eflects: And that Mr. Colt, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. court, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Vo L.XI.

Veneris, 20* die N

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AP E TITIO N of the Mayor, Bailiff, Burgesses, and Newfound Commonalty, together with the Merchants and land Trade, others, Traders to Newfoundland, from the Town and County of Poole, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they conceive the Trade to Newfoundland to be the most beneficial to the Nation of all others; which will be utterly loft, if a considerable Force, both by Sea and Land, be not font thither early in the next Spring; the French having, lait Year, ruined the English Interest there, and forced them to defeit the Country: And praying, That a sufficient Convoy may be appointed to preserv that Trade the ensuing Year; and for the future, that better Care be taken for its Preservation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, Common-Council, Merchants and Traders, of the Town of Dartmouth, to the Newfoundland, is referred.

A Petition of Francis Windham Esquire was presented Petition to the House: relating; to

7L And a Member.

20* — 2i8 N

And the same relating to Sir Stephen Evans, a Member of the House; who not being in the House;

Ordaxd, That Sir Stephen Evans do attend, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock: And, That the said Petition be then read, and taken into Consideration.

Enquiry con- The House being informed, That Sir George Hooke at-ceming the tended, according to Order;

*k,t* He was brought in; and presented to the House Three Books; viz. One Book of Copies of Letters and Orders from the Lords of the Admiralty, commencing the 24th of January 1695, and ending the 27th of May 1696:

Another' Book of Copies of his Letters to the Lords of the Admiralty, from the ift of January 1695, to the 31st of May 1696:

And another Book of Copies of his Journal, beginning the ift of January, and ending the ift of June following.

And then Sir George Rook withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir George Rooke do, upon Monday Morning next, lay before this House Copies of all such Letters as he sent to and received from, the Secretary of State, in relation to the Fleet under his Command.

Ordered, That the said Three Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Member Ordered, That Sir Scroop How, in Custody of the Ser-discharged i jeant at Arms attending this House, for ahienting him-from custody. from his Service in Parliament, be difcliurged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ways Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from

and Means the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raisig the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against F> 'ance, for the Service of the Year 1607, Kcsolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Supplies, for carrying on the War, for the Year 1697, be raised by such Aids and Duties as will answer and produce the same within the Year.

The said llesolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said llesolution, That the Supplies, for carrying on the War, for the Year 1697, be raised by such Aids and Duties as will answer and produce the same within the Year.

Fenwick's The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Attairuler. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Bill to attaint Sir John Fenwick Baronet of High Treason.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made an Amendment; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning, after the Report, from the Committee of the w hole House, of the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

Credit of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-Nauon. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

, House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's

Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

24

A. 1696.

Sabbati, 21* die Novembris;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Pratehs.

A PETITION of the chief Inhabitants and Trades- Coinage.

men of the Borough of Leic, in the County of Leicester, on the behalf of themselves, and many others, in and about the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, That the Woollen Manufacture is the only Support of their Poor, whom they have hitherto paid in undipped Money, by Tale; but, if all the hammered Money must go by Weight, they must not employ the Poor; because they cannot justly proportion the Smallnefe of their Wages, being under Twelve-pence a Day, without Injury to the Payer, or Receiver: And praying the House deliberately to consider the Premises, for the Preservation of the Poor.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Ditto. Council, together with the Inhabitants, of the City and County of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their present Want of current Coin is such, that they are under great Difficulties to get passable Money for the Subsistence of their Families; much less for carrying on their Woollen Manufactures, which employs many Thousands of poor People; who, consequently, must fall to their ref'peclive Parishes, if a Stop be put to the Currency of the unclipped Money: And praying the House to order such a Currency of the unclipped hammered Money, as may be for the Petitioners present Supply.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Justice# of the Peace, Bur- Ditt*. gefies, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bishops-Castle, in the County of Salop, on the Behalf of themselves, and many other Inhabitants in that Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, under Pretence of the late Vote of this House, touching the Weighing of Money, the Currency of all unclipped hammered Money is generally stopped, and Trade at a Stand; and the Poor reduced to great Want, for want of Work, and Money to pay them, there being very little new Money in those Parts: And praying some speedy Relief from the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Common-Council, De- Regulating puty-Lieutenants, Merchants, Freemen, Freeholders, and Election*, principal Inhabitants, of the City of Exon, was offered to the House, against the Bill for further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be received;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas -fSir Henr* Colt' 1

1 ellers lor uie 1 cas, |sjf John£fev7/. /

Tellers for the Noes, (ij!r !*?hert }

[Sir 1 nomas Dyke; J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Petition was received, and read; setting forth,

That, according to the Qualifications of the said Bill, many Persons who have not Estates in Land, though great personal Estates, and prudent Citizens, will be rendered incapable to serve in Parliament for the said City:

And praying, That the ancient Rights and Privileges of the said City may be preserved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Second time.

Sir Stephen Evans attending in his Place, according to Privilege of

Order; a Member ia

Ihe Petition relating to him was read; setting forth, a~ult' That the Petitioner, by Marriage-Articles, was to lay out

7,000l.

70.

r>9-

8 W. III.

2i° — 22" Novembris.

591

Deficiencies of Funds

Preventing

Escapes.

7,000 /. in a Purchase, when found, to be settled on his Wife, and her Ili'uc; and her Relations have called your Petitioner to make such Purchase: That, in 1695, the Petitioners deposited 3,000l. of his Wife's Fortune, in the Hands of Sir Stephen Evans: and took his, and his Partner's, Bond for the Repayment thereof, within Three Months after Notice; That he hath given such Notice, and demanded his Money: but Sir Stephen refuseth Payment of it, and his Partner absenteth himself: And praying, That the House will order Sir Stephen Evans to pay the Petitioner by a short Day, or that he may be at Liberty to prosecute for the fame.

And Sir Stephen Evans was heard thereunto, in his Place.

And, a Debate arising upon the Matter of the said Petition;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Deficiencies of the Funds.

Sir John Kay, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for the better preventing and prosecuting

Members to serve in Parliament be now read a Second

time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^ow'

Cha. Carierctt:

Tellers for the Noes, f

50.

42.

| 79-

j-64.

Escapes: And the same was received.

Supply Bill; Colonel Wharton, according to the Order of the Day, Coinage. reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he was directed to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dif-agreed, and the rest, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed, unto by the House.

An Amendment being proposed to be made in the Bill, Fo. I,.* after " hammered," to insert " clipped

Sir Wm.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for

Teller, for ,l«Noe,^£;"'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Sir George Rook, attending, according to Order, was Enquiry con-called in; and presented to the House Two Books; the ceming tha One, of Copies of Letters by him sent to the Secretary of Flfet*

State; and the other, of Copies of Letters by him received from the Secretary of State; from the ift of January 1695, to the 27th of May 1696.

And then withdrew.

He was afterwards called in again; and examined to several Matters relating to the Fleet under his Command.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Sir Cloudesly Shovell do, upon Thursday Morning next, lay before this House, Copies of all such Orders as he received, in order to the joining Sir George

And the Question being put, That the House do agree Rook, for the intercepting the French Squadron

to the said Amendment The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for d. }

Teller, for the Noes,|gh M

So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

135*

149.

Fenwick's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Attainder, whole House, to whom the Bill to attaint Sir John Fenwick Baronet of High Treason was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

in going into Brest.

Ordered, ..... Commissioners of the Admiralty do, upon Thursday Morning next, lay before this House Copies of all Orders font to Sir George Rook, and Sir Cloudesly Shovell, or in relation to the Fleet in general, between the First Day of January last and the time the Thoulon Squadron got into Brest.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do, upon Thursday Morning next, lay before this House an Account of w hat Intelligences they received, from time to time, of the French Thoulon Squadron's fitting out, and their Motions towards Brest.

And then the House adjourned Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lima, 23* die Novembris; S* Gulielmi Tertii.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, proceed to take into Consideration the Papers which have been laid, and ordered to be laid, before this till Monday House, relating to the Fleet; and inquire how it came to pass, that the French Thoulon Fleet was not intercepted in going into Brest.

Ordered, That Vice-Admiral Michell do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir George Rook do attend this House again upon Monday Morning next.

Prayers.

Committees. ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this summoned. House do go with the Mace into and the Courts there, and Court of Requests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he w'ent accordingly.

And, being returned with the Mace;

Regulating A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Elections. That the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Vox,. XI.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Sir Privilege — George Meggott had prosecuted at Law several Persons for Pr^fecution what they teltified, the last Sessions, at the Committee of before'a* Privileges and Elections, upon the hearing the Matter Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Southwark;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Deficiencies into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's Speech, ol Fun"*' which relates to the Deficiencies of the Funds.

And

Leave of Absence.

Fenwick'*

Attainder*

Ways and Means.

Preventing E scapes.

Regulating

Elections.

Privilege.

Relief of Creditors*

59a 23* — 24* Novembris. A. 1696.

And his Majesty's Speech was read.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds;

Refotoed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That Sir John Smith have Leave to go into the Countiy, his Lady being ill.

Mr. Norm, according to the Order of the Day, re-

ported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to attaint Sir John Fenwick Baronet of High Treason was committed, the Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrofi'ed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fSir WStrickland,

1eilers for the \ eas, jCol(mel: j125'

Tellers for the Noes } 88‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House do then attend, upon Pain of incurring the Displeasure of the house.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 24° die Novembris;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ABI L L for the better preventing and prosecuting Escapes was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and other of the most substantial Inhabitants, within the ancient Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in this House, for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, as it now stands, is to dil'able Persons from serving, who have not Estates in Land; which may so limit Elections to Parliament, that many prudent Men, of great personal Estates, may be thereby rendered incapable of that Service for the said Borough: And praying the Consideration of the House in this Matter, so as the ancient Rights and Privileges of the Borough may not be prejudiced.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions, to whom the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against Sir Isaac Rebow was referred, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Air. Brotherson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Relief of Creditors: And the same was received.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom Supply Bill; the Bill to explain that Part of the Act, lately passed for Payment of laying several Duties on low Wines, and Spirits of the Tall‘e8, first ExtraCbion; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; which relates to the Payment of Tallies, and the Interest thereof; was committed; That they bad made several Amendments to the Bill, which thqy bad directed him to report totha House;.and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England African was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That ConW7* the Trade to Guinea cannot be maintained without Forts and Cal'tles, for the Preservation of the Europeans against the Natives there, in the way of a joint Stock, by Companies, who are only able to defray the Charge; and therefore, other Nations, who trade thither, trade in Societies:

That the said Trade ought to be sup ported by England; being of groateft Advantage to it, by exporting the Wool-len, and other English Manufactures; and in supplying his Majesty's Plantations u ith Negroes: That the Petitioners have been very great Losers by the War; and did, the last Session, represent to the I louse, That unless they should be supported and encouraged, they could not longer maintain their Forts and Factories; and conle-questly, that Trade would be loft to this Nation; many potent Rivals lying in wait to supplant the Petitioners, who are iniorined, that the Scotch Company

are lending Five Ships to trade to: That, last Sef-

fion, this House gave Leave, That a Bill should he brought in; and l'uch Proceedings were had thereon, that the Petitioners hoped it would pals; but, it coining in late, the same could not be completed: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, for prclerving and establishing the Trade to Africa, according to the -Charter granted to the said

Company; or with such Alterations, as may be thought necesl'ary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for prelcrving and establishing the Trade to Africa: And that Mr. Blowjcitdand Air. Cul/ifodo prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

The Petition of Mary Greibe, formerly presented to Greibe's the House, was read. Complaint.

And the House took the same into Consideration:

And Mr. Secretary Trumballwas heard in relation thereunto.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Air. Clark, Mr. Ilcveningham,

Air. Chadwick, Sir Gerv. Elit es, Mr. Lord

Ranclagh, Sir Nic. Butler, Sir John Kay, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Chancellor Exchequer,

Air. Ash, Mr. Foley, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Bolles, Sir Rich. Onslow, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Air.

Manly, Mr. Burdet, Lord Peraiet, Mr. Norris, Sir Wyvell, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Sloane, Lord Cotungsby, Air.

How, Mr. Brotherton, Lord Norris, Colonel Earle, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Mr. Onslow, Lord Cutts, Sir Hem Colt, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Berty, Mr. Newport, Sir John Lowther, Mr. LowtherSir Edw.

Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Methwyn, Mr. Papillon, Mr,

Pagitt, Mr. Perrey, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Price, Mr. Filler, Mr. Colt, Sir Wm.

Lowther, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Moore: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered,

— f r-

V

Sav.'vV

h;-

' As-ts

) h.

1

8W. III. 24° — 250 Novembris. 593

Leave of Ordered, That Sir William Hustler have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

I rid, Arrears. Mr. Harley, from the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, according to Order, acquainted the House with what had been done in relation to the Matter of the Petition of Francis de Salles; which had been presented to the House.

Leave of . Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into AWence. the Country, his Lady being dead.

granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfiimed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plenfe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Coinage.

Supply; Deficiency of Funds.

152.

155.

An ingossed Bill, for the further remedying the ill State olf the Com of the Kingdom; and for encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; was read the Third time.

An Amendment being proposed to be made, Press 3d, L. 30. to leave out " November," and insert "

" hr," instead thereof;

The same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made, Press 4, L. #, after " hammered," to inlert " clipped

And upon the Question put, That the Word " clipped" be inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, /?ir j

' [Mr. Brotherton: J

Tellers for the Noes, (Jj 1

(Mr.:

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made, Press 4. L. 13. after " Tellers/' to insert " or their " Clerks;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingossed Clause being offered, as a Rider, That no Person should pay any hammered Money, at above 5 a d. per Ounce, except as in the Bill; under a Penalty;

And the same was read a Firit time;

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Clause being offered, as a Rider, That for the Conveniency of Commerce, the Mint be obliged to coin Five-pcny Pieces out of every 100 /. Troy;

And the same was read the First time;

Then the Question being put. That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That, upon Tender of any counterfeit Money, the Person receiving the same may cut it asunder; and shall take it, if good Silver; but if counterfeit, the Offerer to bear the Loss:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Clause being offered, as a Rider, That the Encouragement of 5 s. 4 Ounce, to such as shall carry their hammered Money into the Mints, to be coined, shall be paid them, in such manner as shall be provided by some other Act of this Session;

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Befohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ]be, An Act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That Colonel Whar carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, for a Supply to be You XI.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Merearii,25* die Novembris;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

P r a v e r s.

A PETITION of Ambrose Mannaton Esquire was Tavirtock presented to the House, and read; letting forth, Election. That, on the 10th Day of November last, the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of von; and an Indenture was made, and sealed, by the legal Electors, and tendered to Richard the Port-reeve there; but he absolutely refilled to receive it, or to return the Petitioner; and hath returned SivFran. Drake; totlie Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Pne-miles; and that the Matter may be put to Examination.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections;

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for Relief of Creditors was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Relief of Creditors.

An ingossed Bill to explain that Part of the Act, lately supply Bill; passed, for laying several Duties on low Wines, and Payment of Spirits of the firit Extraction; and for preventing Frauds Tallies, and Abuses of Brewers, Diliillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; which relates to the Payment of Tallies, and the Interest thereof; was -read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to explain that Part of the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for laying several Duties on low Wines and Spirits of the firit Extraction; and for preventing Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeabe with the Duties of Excise; which relates to the Payment of Tallies, and the I11-terest thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Blathivaite, from the Commissioners appointed to state o» look after the Trade of England, presented the Answer of Trade, the said Commissioners, in Obedience to the Order of the House, requiring them to lay before this House the present State of our Trade.

And the said Answer was read; and is as followeth; viz.

THAT, in our Inquiries into the State of the Trade of this Kingdom, we could not avoid fixing our View, in the First Place, upon what we had to carry to Market, as the Foundation of our Commerce; neither Money, nor Commodities, being to be had from any foreign Parts, but in Exchange for something carried thither.

The Woollen Manufacture of England has been lb many Ages pall known to be the i'taple Commodity of this Kingdom; whereby it has supported itself iu an equa' Degree of Strength and Riches with any of its Neighbours; that That could not but rightly deserve the First Care of those who were any way concerned to look

7 M after

State of Trade.

594 2 50 Notembris. i66gt

after the Trade of England: The Advantages that Nature hath given us, in to plentiful a Production of the belt Wool, for the making of Cloth and Stuffs; and in our Situation for the distributing themeafilv all over the World; does.so plainly put the Trade of this Commodity into our Hands, that we can scarce lose it, whillt any reasonable Care is taken to preserve it.

Whatever Decay, or Difficulties, our Woollen Manufacture does or may labour under, will, we humbly conceive, upon Examination, be found to arise chiefly from these Two Sources; The not working up of our Wool here at home; and the carrying of it unwrought abroad: These are Two Causes so nearly allied, that they mutually beget and increase one another: Put, on the other Side, in proportion as either of tliele Caules are removed, it does so far abate the ill Effects from the other; for, if none were transported, there must and would be Ways found to work it up here; or, if all were taken up by a lively and vigorous Manufacture at home, there would be a great deal less Occasion, or Temptation, to carry any unwrought Wool abroad.

This Honourable House need not be told, That the Rife and Fall of a great Part of the Rents of England depend on the Rate of Wool: The Clothier who buys it, will never grudge paying a good Rate for it, when the Vent of his Cloth will reimburse him with reasonable Profit: Put if the Merchant, who buys it of him, cannot have it as so moderate a Price, as to afford it in foreign Markets at lb cheap a Rate, as to under-fell all other things that may come in Competition with it there, he will lose the Vent of it, and England lose that Trade; for that which makes a sure Market, and secures the Sale of any Commodity, is the being able to afford it so good a Penyworth, that the Buyer may be tempted to take it off your Hands, as the belt and cheapcft he can make use of.

We humbly conceive, we speak withii\ Compass, when we lav, That Labour makes Nine Parts of Ten of the Price of our Woollen Manufactures: 'Tis upon that therefore, chiefly, that its Vent depends, and the Preservation of that Trade; for if the Labour of those that are employed in that Manufacture be dear, it is not to be avoided, but that others, who work cheaper, shall, by cheaper Penyworths of that kind, beat us out of the Vent of that Commodity in all the Markets whither it is carried.

Tisftrangc, that in a Country where we have so universal a Material to employ the Hands of the Poor, any one should complain, that he wants Work: And yet this is the Pretence, upon which People go about begging, and the Poors Rates do every Day increase: The Root of this fundamental Decay appearing to us, upon Consideration, to lie here; we thought the Fin! Step towards a Cure, was to look into the Bottom of it: And, accordingly, we made it one of our earliest Inquiries, What the Poors Rates were all through EnglandThe Sum that

O O

is generally presumed to be, and we are inclined to think it, is lo great, that less than what is now raised, wc suppose, would afford a Stock sufficient to carry on the Woollen Manufacture, where such a publick Stock is needed for it; and to employ all the Hands of those who live idly upon the Charge of the Parish; as well as to maintain those, who, being really impotent, and unable to work, have a Right to be maintained by the Labour of others; so that the Charge of the Parishes may be considerably leli'ened.

When we have got an Account of the Poors Tax from all Parts, which is now a making, but is not yet come to our Hands, we shall be better enabled to go further into the State of this main, and most considerable, Branch of our Trade; and to give a fuller Account of it: For till this be thoroughly looked into, and the State of the Poor so well known, and considered, that the Kingdom lose none of their Labour who are able to work; we are humbly of Opinion, all other Attempts about the Support and Improvement of our Woollen Manufacture, will prove superficial, and ineffectual.

The other Thing, wherein the State of our Woollen Manufacture is very much concerned, is the Exportation of our Wool unwrought: The French King, among!! his other Endeavours to advance the Trade of his Dominions, being very intent to settle, and carry on, in France, a Woollen Manufacture, hath used all Means pcffible to flint out our Cloth, and other Stuffs; and to get in our Wool raw, and unwrought, to mix with that of his own, Country; which is so unfit to be wrought up by itself alone, that it would be almost wholly uielcls, and loft, unless they had of ours to mix with it: And to obtain our Wool, lb necessary to his, and lb prejudicial to our, Woollen Manufacture, it; is visible he hath uied no ordinary Endeavours:

The Fill! of these; viz.The Exclusion of our Woollen Draperies; the French King hath effectually attained, many Years since, by high Impositiou laid upon them, and by limiting their Importations only to a few such Ports, as, by their Situation, hindered the Distribution of these Manufactures of ours, to those in his Country, who might be willing td buy them: The latter; The Procuring of our Wool; he hath been all'o too successful in, by the Strength of his Purse; spuring no Cost for this necessary Support of his Woollen Manufacture.

The Temptation of Gain has found Men among!! us so ready to fell the Trade, instead of the Commodities, of this Kingdom, that neither the Shame of doing lo great an Injury to their native Country, nor the leveret! Penal-, ties of Laws, made on purpose, have beet) able to restrain them from this criminal Commerce v.ilh France: llum-ney Marlb, and the Coal! of Sa.vc.v, arc famous for a Sort of People, called Owlers; who are so well encouraged, and supported, by the (a[ Money and] Contrivance of France, that the Transiporling our Wool thither hath been carried on, even during tl is present M ar; though Military Guards, added to the Civil Officers, have watched these Avenues, to hinder the Exportation of our Wool; every Pound w hereof, thus can ied out of England, unwrought, is a Prejudice to our Cloathing-Trade, and tends to the Decay of this most beneficial Manufacture of England.

T is principally, therefore, upon the Account of these Two; viz. The Dcarnel's of Labour, and the Exportation of our Wool; that, we humbly conceive, the present State of our Trade, comprehended in that great Branch of it, the Woollen Manufacture, is not in so flourishing a Condition as we could with, and as, we are humbly of Opinion, it might be.

due Smuggling-Trade, carried on by the Owlers, in the Exportation of Wool to France, hath a great Influence on another Branch of our Trade, by the l'ccrct and forbidden Importation of French Silks: His Majesty hath been pleased, by his Letters Patents, to incorporate a Corh-pany, under the Name of the Royal Lultring Company; who have so successlully used their Industry and Skill, in making Lultrings and Alamodes, that they have employed several Thoul'ands of our Poor in that Manufacture and brought the making of those Silks here to that Perfection, that that Part of our Trade would be in a thriving Condition, and this new Manufacture gain to England several Hundred thousand Pounds a Year, which usually went to France for those Commodities, if the Importation of those Silks from France were but effectually hindered: Of what Advantage the Continuance and Support of this Company is to England, and Prejudice to France, is eallly to be observed, in the refiless Endeavours by

all manner of Ways, to oppol'e it; and in the continual Attempts, at any Rate of Hazard, and Cost, to get tliole Silks into England; thereby to hinder the Sale of w hat is made by the Company here, and so link it: And the French have Reason to do so; the Diligence and Watchful-ness of this Company, to keep out their wrought Silks, having mightily contributed to interrupt the Exportation of our un wrought Wool, by the Owlers, who are ft referable to the Deiigns of France both ways; and do un-fpcakable Damage to the Trade of England, by what they

(a) ^applied from the original AufWer,

bring

8 W. III. 25 Novembris. 595

bring from trance, as well as by what they carry thither.

The pernicious Art of Stock-jobbing hath, of late, so wholly perverted the End and Design of Companies and Corporations, erected for the introducing, or carrying on, of Manufactures, to the private Profit of the first Projectors, that the Privileges granted to them have, commonly, been made no other Die of, by the First Procurers and Subscribers, but to fell again, with Advantage, to ignorant Men, drawn in by the Reputation, falsly raised, and artfully spread, concerning the thriving State of their Stock: Thus the first Undertakers, getting quit of the Company, by felling their Shares for much more than they are really worth, to Men allured by the Noiseofgreat Profit, the Management of that Trade and Stock comes to fall into unskilful Hands; whereby the Manufactures, intended to be promoted by such Grants, and put into the Management of Companies, for their better Improvement, come, from very promising Beginnings, to dwindle away to nothing, and be in a worse Condition than if they w ere perfectly left free, and unassisted with such Laws, or Patents; an luftance whereof, we humbly conceive, is to be found in the Paper and Linen Manufactures, which, we fear, feel the Eftefts of this Stock-jobbing Management; and are not in lb thriving a Condition, as they might have been, had they not fallen under this kind of Misfortune.

This likewise is that, which seems to us to lay a mighty Obstacle in the Way to the Railing and Recovering again of our llome-fishery; which is, with Reason, thought to require more than a private Stock, and the Icattered Endeavours of Men acting separately, to let it a going, and make it subsist: If, therefore, that Part of our Trade be not in fogood and ltourifliing an Estate, as it could be wished, we are humbl y of Opinion, it is in some Danger to remain lb, till the Hands of the Poor be all brought to Labour, and till a common Stock can be raised, and a Company erected, upon such Terms, as may secure the Management of it from the destructive Shuffling of the Stock-jobbing.

There is another thing, which the Complaints of Merchants have given 11s (location carefully to employ our Thoughts about: 'Tis a Clog to our Trade, arising within ©urselves, from the Difficulties which Controverlies between Merchants, concerning Accounts, meet with, in the ordinary Way of Decision: The eating of Merchants, in this Part, by a shorter Way of Determination, w ould, we humbly conceive, be a great Furtherance to Trade.

Betides the Commodities which we have here at home, to carry to Market, the Plantations furnish us with others: But if the Trades of Sugars and Tobacco are not altogether so thriving in a time of War, as they w'ould be in a time of Peace, it is not at all to be wondered, that it is lb now; which always was, and always will he.

There is another Part of our Trade, which, though not of immediate Profit, yet it is of absolute Necessity; and may be said to be the Foundation and Support of all the rest: Naval Stores, for all Kind of Shipping, especially the Royal Navy of England, are w hat we can neither trade or subsist without: This, we thought, was another Branch of our Trade, which delcrved an immediate Consideration; and therefore we made it one of our first Endeavours to look into it: His Majesty s Care, we found, had been early turned this W^ay; and, by his Order, a Ship had been sent to bring Samples of all those Materials from his own Dominions in the I Vest-Indies: This, though it happened not to be so carefully executed, by those who undertook it, that a perfect Judgment could be made, by the Loading brought ftom thence, at his Majesty's Charge, what Naval Stores were to be had from thence, fit for the Use of his Majesty's Fleet; yet, the promising Hopes of being supplied with Commodities of that Moment from our own Plantations, in the Northern America, is not thereby loft, or laid aside: Exacter Ways of Trial, w hat may be done herein, have been proposed, and are resolved on: And we are inclined to think, the Return will an-l\ver Expectation; and lay Foundations for the Opening of Vol.NL

a new Trade to England, as it were, within itself; since, qfatP0f whatever may, at the Beginning, he the Increase of Charge Tra^c. to the Buyer here, the Whole will circulate amongst the Subjects of the Crown of England; and, in Effect, cost the Kingdom nothing; which will be no linall Improvement of our Trade, when it comes thus to cut off so largo an Article of Expences.

The State of our present Trade, as it lies in thele great Branches, which, by their Weightiness, and Concern to this Kingdom, we judged had a Right to our first Thoughts; we, in Obedience to your Commands, humbly lay before this Honourable House: When longer time shall have given us Opportunities of looking further into a Subject of so vast an Extent, we doubt not but other Parts of Trade will offer Variety of things worthy of Consideration.

J. Bridgwater,

Whitehall, Tankcrville,

November 24th, 1696* Ph. Meadows,

William BUtihwaiic,

John Pallet Jen,

Abr. Hill.

Ordered, That the said Answer do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from Deficiencies the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- of*0"4*-ferred to coniidcrof a Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, the Ilesolution of the said Committee, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was once read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Ordered, That the Consideration of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation, be referred to the said Committee of the w hole House.

Ordered, That the Returns, from the Commissioners for taking and stating the public Accounts, of the Deficiencies of the Funds, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the w hole House. 1

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, Failure of presented to the House, from the Lords of the Treasury, Salt Duties, an Account how the Two millions Five hundred Sixty- *c* four thousand Pounds, designed to be raised by the Act, palfed the last Session, for laying Duties upon Salt, Glass, and Tobacco-pipes, came to fail.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

An Account of the Proceedings upon the Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for laying Duties upon Salt, Glass, and Tobacco-pipes, in reference to the National Land-Bank, which was thereby intended to be established.

27 April 1696. The said Bill paflbd the Royal Assent.

30 Ditto, The Draught of a Commission for taking Sub-feriptions was brought to the Lords of the Treasury by some Gentlemen; and immediately referred, at their Defi rc, to the Attorney or Solicitor General.

1 J lay 1696. The Warrant, containing the Commit-

fion, and intended Charter, at-large, 'vas signed by the King, and the Commissioners Names info)ted; making, all together.

Failurt of Salt Duties, &c.

596 2$° Novembris. A. 1696.

father, a Bill which filled more than Twenty Skins of archment; and the same was forthwith countersigned by the Lords of the Treasury.

8 Ditto, A Letter was signed by the Lords of the Treasury, directed to the Attorney and Solicitor-General, relating to tome Improprieties, or Defects, in the Warrant for the Connnilfion; as followeth, viz.

After our hearty Commcudations:

Whereas his Majesty, just before his going to ders, did sign a Warrant, directed to you, to prepare a Bill for the Commission relating to the intended National Land-Bank, with a Schedule of a Draught of a Charter, to be thereunto annexed; but, upon our Countersigning thereof, we take notice. That there are some Improprieties, or Defects, therein, which we suppole to have happened through the Haste of getting it dispatched before his Majesty's Departure; and though perhaps they may not be very material, yet we desire you will rectify or llipply the same in your Bill, as follows;

l ft, Whereas we are inierted in the Warrant to be Commissioners; and divers Matters relating to this Commission may, or will, be transacted betw een us and the said Commissioners; we therefore think it improper, and desire you to omit our Names in the Bill.

2dly, That you will take care, in the naming the Commissioners in the Bill, to give them their proper Additions, as is usual in Commissions, or Charters, though the same be omitted in the Warrant.

3dly, That Two Provisoes, which are contained in the Commission for the Bank of England, That Subscribers should not vote in the Election of the First Governor, Deputy-Governor, and Directors, unless they took an Oath, or, being Quakers, made a Declaration, That the 500l. a Man, subscribed, was their own Money, are omitted in the Warrant; but we, thinking the like Provisoes proper to be inserted in the Commission ntnv to pals, dc-iire they may be contained in your Bill.

4. That the Words which should have been in the Warrant, Fo. 24. importing, That the Governor, or Deputy Governor, is to be One of the Court of Truliecs, is omitted; which we think fit to be in the Commission; and desire you to iniert it accordingly.

We remain

Your most humble Servants,

.S'

Cha. Mountague, John Smith.

20 Ditto, After those Alterations, and several others made in Council, the Commission, and Tenour of the Charter, passed under the Great Seal.

22 Ditto, Some of the Commissioners for the National Land-Bank attended the Lords of the Treasury; and proposed, by way of Discourse, That clipped Money might be taken for Subscriptions till 24th June 1(196; and that an Allowance, after the llate of 10 per Cent. should be made for prompt Payment of G uineas, milled or broad Money, before the 24 June 1696. The Lords of the Treasury desired their Proposal in Writing.

25 D°, The Commissioners for the National Land-Bank presented to the Lords of the Trealijry a Proposal in Writing; as follow'eth; viz.

1. That the Subscriptions will not be completed, unless, at least, 641,000l. shall be received in clipped Money, if tendered before the 24th of June 1696.

2. And, as an Encouragement for the Subscribers to advance and pay in Guineas, milled and undipped Money, it is lHimbly proposed, That there be an Allowance, of 10 I. per Cent, for prompt Payment, for all 1‘uch Gui-

neas, milled and undipped Money, that shall be so advanced on the respective Payments.

3. That Bank of England Bills and Notes may be received as Part of Payment.

4. That Plate will be brought in on Account of these Subscriptions, in case a Mint, Mill, and Press, be set apart to coin the fame, and the Allowance of Sixpence an Ounce settled.

5- It is humbly desired, That your Lordships would be plea fed to direct, That the National Land-Bank Bills, payable upon Demand, may be received in Payment for all such Guineas, milled and current Money, as shall be so advanced: And that all other Encouragements tnay be given by your Lordships for the Passing of their Bills in all his Majesty's general Receipts and Payments, as was done in the same of the Bank of England.

O

26 May 1696. The Lords of the Treasury laid the said Proposal before the Lords Justices; and their Excellencies brought it to Council; where the Commissioners for the Land-Bank were acquainted, That their Excellencies were adviled, they could not by Law comply with the First Article of their Proposal; but recommended to the Lords of the Treasury, to give them all reasonable Encouragement.

29 Ditto, The Commissioners for the Land-Bank presented a Memorial to the Treasury; as followeth;

That whereas the Committee formerly appointed by the said Commissioners did, by your Lordships Command, on the 25 Infiant, deliver to your Lordships some Pro-polals, as the Opinion of the said Committee, concerning the taking the said Subscriptions; it is now further humbly offered by the said Commissioners;

lit, That they were advised by Counsel, That the Money by the said Act authorized to be borrow ed in the Exchequer, by Tallies, or Bills, upon Security of the said Act, are Loans within the Act of Parliament, for reme--dying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and may be received into the Exchequer in clipped Monies, any time before the 24th of June next, if your Lordships will please to order the same to be delivered to such Persons as will subscribe, and pay the same Tallies, or Bills, to the said Commissioners, as Subscripliou-Monies.

2. That your Lordships will be pleased to signify; in Writing, your Pleasure, relating to this and the former Proposals; with such other Directions as your Lordships shall think fit, for the Instruction of the Commissioners, in taking the Subscriptions.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

3 June 1696. In the Forenoon, the Commissioners for the Land-Bank attended the Treasury with a Memorial; as follows:

Whereas your Lordships did signify your Pleasure, That the Committee for the Land-Bank, that attended your Lordships Yesterday, should recommend to the rest of the Commissioners, to consider of proper Times for prompt Payment, and making proportionable Allowances for the fame; and of any other Matters that might occur to them; in order to encourage Subscriptions; they have, accordingly, obeyed your Lordships Commands; and are defined to signify to your Lordships, That it is the Opinion of the said Commissioners, That they should entirely submit to your Lordships Directions in all things relating to the said Subscriptions; they having already proposed to your Lordships what they humbly conceive might heft conduce to the perfecting the intended Bank.

And they humbly define, That your Lordships will be pleased to give your Directions this Day; because the said Commissioners have given publick Notice, That they will open their Books Tomorrow.

The same Day, in the Afternoon, the Commissioners for the Land-Bank presented to the Lord Commissioners of the Treasury another Proposal; as followeth; viz.

The Commissioners for taking Subscriptions to the National Land-Bank, having received your Lordships Answer to the First Article of their former Proposals, in Obedience to your Lordships Commands, concerning the subsequent Articles, do humbly offer, as their Opinion;

1 ft. That the following Dil'counts may be allowed for all Monies paid to the Commissioners, or Corporation, before the respective Days following, and by them paid into the Exchequer within Ten Days after; viz.

On, or before, the 15 June - - - 15 per Cent.

2Q June - - - 14

3®

'by

8 W. III.

2 50 Novembris. 597

30 June

10 July

20 July 31 Ditto

31 August

15 September -

30 Ditto

31 October

21 November -

21 December - - 0

2dly, That all Bank of England Bills and Notes be received in Payment.

3d, That all standard Plate, which has been tried and marked at Goldsmiths-hall, may be received, as it is in

Payment, at....

4. That the Tallies for 840,000l. <5r any Part of them, which is to be paid off by Direction of the Act of Parliament, Part of the 2,564,000l. may be received in Payment for the Payments that will become due the iff of January.

5th. That as soon as they are a Bank, and incorporated, your Lordships would be pleased to direct, That their Bills, payable on Demand, may be received in Payment in the Exchequer, and other his Majesty's Receipts and Payments, as was done in the same of the Bank of England.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships.

And the Commissioners of the Land-Bank were answered, That their Lordships supposed 5 Cent, for Prompt Payment would be a sufficient Encouragement:

And that their Lordships would represent it, the next Morning, to their Excellencies the Lords Justices in Council: Accordingly, (a) [the next Morning] the Proposal of the Commissioners, and the Opinion of the Treasury, were laid before the Lords Justices; and the Premium of 5 per Centum approved.

5 June, The Books being opened, at Exeter Exchange, the Lords of the Treasury went and Subscribed 5,000l. on the King's behalf.

9 D°, the Commissioners for the Land-Bank attended the Treasury, and acquainted their Lordships, That no more than 1,600l. had been subscribed since their Lordships were at Exeter Exchange; and that they had taken Bank- Bills, because they would not turn the Subscribers away: The Gentlemen of the Bank desired a Copy in Writing of the Order for allowing 5 per Cent, for prompt Payment; and were told, That they need not doubt but that it should be made good to them; it being what the Lords Justices, and their Lordships, had thought reasonable.

19 June, The Commissioners for the National Land-Bank inform the Treasury, That 500l. only had been subscribed since the 1,600l. before represented to their Lordships; and desire 1,000l. for their Charges: And acquainted their Lordships, That they intended to put off One of the Houses hired for that Service.

3 July 1696. The Commissioners for the Land-Bank attended the Lords of the Treasury, and acquainted them, That no Subscriptions had been made since their last Attendance: And that therefore they had met, and considered of such Methods as might be for his Majesty's Service: Which they presented in Writing; as followeth:

Mercers-hall.

At a general Meeting the re held, on Friday 3d July, by the Commissioners for taking Subscriptions to the National Land-Bank:

Rejoined, That it be humbly represented to the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury; as followeth;

That the exigent Occasions for Money and the great Advantages to be made thereof upon all Securities, as well publick as private, have left the Commissioners without hopes of receiving any more Subscriptions, upon the Allowance of 5/. per Cent: And the Commissioners, Supplied from lb* original Account.

Vox.. XI.

having endeavoured to satisfy themselves upon what Allowance the Subscriptions may be expected, are humbly of Opinion, That an Allowance after the Rate of 300,000l. for the whole Sum of 2,564,000 /. will yet bring in the Subscriptions: But, the Time limited for taking them drawing so near to an End, if the Adjusting thereof be deferred, it will render the Accomplishment to be very doubtful: The Commissioners do therefore humbly desire.

That their Lordships Pleasure may speedily be declared herein; and, if their Lordships shall think fit to make the Allowance aforesaid, That the Commissioners may receive from their lordships such Assurance thereof as may be a reasonable Security and Satisfaction to the Subscribers for the fame: Upon Confidence whereof, and such other Favours and Conveniences as are in their Lordships Power to grant, the Commissioners have great Hopes of Success.

They were told by the Lords of the Treasury, That as they had hitherto laid all their Propositions before the Lords Justices, and had received their Directions in all the Particulars, from time to time; so they would lay this Propofol before their Excellencies, the next Morning, and receive Directions therein as soon as possible.

7 Ditto, The last Propofol was read in Council; and the IiOrds Justices answered, That they could not direct the Allowance of the 300,000l. demanded; especially, since it would remain uncertain whether the whole Sum would be raised.

ill August 1696. The Time for taking Subscriptions determined: Soon after which"Day the Commissioners delivered their Book into the Receipt of Exchequer; containiogthe Sums subscribed, which amounted to 7,100l.;

And the Sum of 1,775/- hath been charged, at the said Receipt, for the First Payment thereof.

Ste. For, Cha. Mountague,

14 November 1696. J. Smith, Tho. Littleton.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Regulating the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, Election* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill now depending in the House, for further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; which hath a Tendency to restrain the ancient Liberty of Elections of many able Men from serving in Parliament:

And praying, That the fundamental Rights and Privileges of the said Borough may be preserved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Speaker's posed, That the Serjeant do clear the Speaker's Chamber Chamber to of all that are not Members of the House; and that he cleared, do lo ck up the Back-doors; and bring the Keys, and lay them upon the Table:

The Question was put, That That Question be now put:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUersfortoYea,^/^'

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Serjeant do clear the Speaker's Chamber of all that are not Members of the House; and that he do lock up the Back-doors, and bring the Keys and lay them upon the Table.

7 N The

13 per Cent.

12

11

10

10

9 8

7

6

j- 216. }'54-

2. 50 — 26*- — 270 Novembris.

A. 1696.

Fenwick's

Attainder.

Candles.

The ingrossed Bill to attaint Sir John Femvick Baronet of High Treason was, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time.

j i89-

s

156.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

The Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas' go forth. (

Tellers for the Yeas,f^.or^, PM*?f' . ,.

Igiir I rStrickland:

Tellers for the NoeJ£oloP?1

' ibir Jlfarm. II yvell:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be. An Act to attaint Sir John

Femvick Baronet of High Treason.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 26* die Novembris;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Abuses in the f\RD EllEDy That the Quorum of the Committee ap-Mint. K/ pointed to inspect the Alint be Four.

to them referred; and had come to federal Refo\utions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he ma^e Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the Housey That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Mitchell

Kleftion.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwallbe made upon Saturday Morning next.

Preservation Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for of Timber, the better Preservation and Increase of Timber: And that Sir Rouland Gxcytuiand Mr. Colt do prepare, and bring

in, the Bill.

Regulating

Elections.

Commissionert of Account.

Supply; Deficiencies of Funds.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-Council, and Freemen, of the Borough of Plymouth, and other Inhabitants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are informed there is a Bill depending in the House for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; which is to exclude all Cities and Boroughs from electing Members whose Estates in Lands are not 200 /. per Ann,-. That the said Borough chiefly fubfifes by Trade, and may never lend One of their own Inhabitants, who knows their Circumstances, though wife, and greatly rich in a personal Estate; and so must choose a Stranger to represent them, who knows not their Occafeons; which is to restrain the Liberties of the Subject: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass, so as to prejudice the ancient Rights of the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Lord Spencer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Saturday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to he granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Lunds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to 22

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris,27* die Novembris;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Pe AVERS.

A PETIT ION of the Clothiers of the County of Di (count on G loucesterwas presented to the House, and read; Bank. Notes,

setting forth, That the said County chiefly depends upon the Woollen Manufacture; the greatest Part of its Poor, by reason of the Decay of Trade, havingno Employment, and are become intolerably chargeable to their Parish; the Cause of which Misfortunes they conceive to be, the high Discount of present Money in Exchange for Bank-Notes, occasioned by Stock-jobbing; And praying the speedy Relief of the House in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Grievances of the Kingdom;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " Grievances of the Kingdom," and inserting, instead thereof, " State of the Nation And the Question was put. That the Words " Grievances of the Kingdom" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the YeaJ?i.r

IMr. Bromley:

Tellers for the NoeJf I' f

h-VIr. Podding ton:

So it pa{Ted in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Words " State of the Nation" he infer ted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

1

11:

Ol-

A Petition of John Peshall Esquire, and Charlotte his Petition

Wife, One of the Natural Daughters of the Right Ho- reiatinot0 nourable 'Thomas late Lord Culpeper, was presented to the M<mber* House:

And the same relating to the Lord Fairfax, a Member of this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax do attend in his Place, upon Monday Morning next: And that the said Petition be then i;ead.

Sir Robert Rich, frqfei the ComraiflioBers of the Ad- papers mirafty, according to Order, presented to the House respeaing the r Copies of all Orders lent to Sir George Rook and Sir Heet. Cloudesly Shoved, or in relation to the Fleet in genera], betwee n the ift Day of January last, and the time the French Thtmlon Squadron got into Brest: And,

A,n Account of what Intelligences they received of the French Thoulon Squadrons setting out, and their Motions towards Brest; in Five several. Books and Papers.

Ordered).

1

270 Novtm

Ordered, That the said Books and Papeis do lie upon the Table, to be perofed by the IHembers of the House.

59 9

fgnth, That, the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioners besought this House, for Relief of several Grievances committed by the Commissioners for licensing and regu-

Alborough

Election.

presented

the Petitioners have duly ohofen Arthur Kay Esquire to be their Representative in this present Parliament, in the room of Sir Michael Wentworth; but Richard Sutton, Bailiff of the said Borough, hath returned Henry Fairfax Esquire; who, contrary to an Act, made the last Session, lpent great Sums of Money in treating the Electors, and the said Sutton: And praying the Justice of the House in the Premises, that Mr. Kay may be admitted as their Representative.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, upon the fend Petition, be heard at the Bar of this House upon Monday the 2ith of December next.

Ditto.

Ditto.

w.'.

lair

kz

Eiquise, a then Commissioner, for taking Bribes, and acting arbitrarily: Upon which, his Majesty was addressed by the House, to remove the said Mr. Gee out of the said Commission: But Mr. Gee hath brought his Action, and arrested the Petitioners, for their said Proceedings in this House; and, by his Declaration, calls the fiuneafcandal-ous Libel; thereby arraigning the Proceedings of this House, and discouraging Persons to leek for Redress of Grievances: And praying the Protection of the House in the Premises aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-A Petition of Arthur Kaye Esquire was presented to port the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House. the House, and read; ft tting forth, That the Petitioner was

Regulating

Elections.

duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Alborough, in the County of York \ but that Henry Fairfax Esquire, who, in Contempt of an Act of last Session of Parliament, publickly spent Money in treating the Electors for their Votes, procured himself to be returned, as chosen, by one Richard Sutton, the Bailiff of the said Borough, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Election, upon the said Petition, be heard at the same time.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are informed the Bill, now depending in this House, for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, will very much restrain the Petitioners ancient Privileges in the manner of electing

Resolved, That the Order of the Day, for the House Regulating to rel'olve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to Elections. consider of the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, be read.

The said Order was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do, now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeMcrs for.heY^ } .<*

Tellers for the Noes,{^riCw^'

188.

[Sir Onslow:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, rel'olve iti'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill, before it resolve it... . into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the their Members to serve in Parliament, by rendering many Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the eminent and fit Merchants, and Traders, of great person- Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

able Estates, uncapable to serve therein: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counfol, at the Bar of the House, touching the said Bill; or be otherwise relieved therein, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of sundry the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Southwark, in whom, with others, is the Right of Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in this House, for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, will lb liipit the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, that many eminent and able Persons, who have great personal Estates, though little real, will thereby be rendered uncapable of representing the said Borough: And pray ing, That the ancient Rights of the said Borough may be preserved.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, Supply; reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to Uftiyiencie* whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to of luwls* be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, tow ards making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, a further Term, in the Duties arising by the Customs, be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, a further Term, in the Duties arising by the continued Impofilions, be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, a further Term, in the Duties arising by

put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred the additional Impositions, be granted to his Majesty

A A All a I " a 1 V-t a 1 /v 1 — 1 4 K w 4 U 4 rj 1/ /tn/t/wi/i // I rx 4 % 4* tn 4 r a I 1 4 K1 n I *-w~* s-m «4

to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ^Sir Hobart,

Idlers for the Xea&'\Mr.

-th c . t xt [Sir Sam. Marnardiston:

Tellers for the Noes, DmtemeU:

So it passed in the Negative.

} 9»-

}t66.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, a further Term, in the Duties arising by Paper and Parchment, be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, a further Term, in tire Duties arising by Births, Marriages, and Burials, be granted to his Ma-

Privilege-Prosecutions

jesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Petition of Thomas Kemp, Edward Phipps, Charles That, towards making good the Deficiencies of Parlia-Sewell, Mathew Gray, and John Niccholson, on behalf mentary Funds, a further Term, in the Duties arising by

for Proceed- of themselves, and others of the ancient Hackney Coach- Windows, be granted to his Majesty.

ing in the House.

ftien, was presented Vol. XL

to the House, and read;

setting

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second

time.

6oo

a70 — 28° Novembris,

A. 1696.

TalUes ou Funds.

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, And, for that, they called,

agreed unto by the House. William Harvey and Win. Aldrey: Who said, That

they, with Mr. ,about Two Years ago, went to

Ordered, That the Ix>rds Commissioners of the Trea- Sir Isaac Rebow's House, to speak with him about the fary do lay before this House an Account of what Tallies Business of Mr. Wheely: That Mr. Loveny proposed to have been struck upon Parliamentary Funds; and what refer it to Sir Isaac Rebowbut Sir Isaac would have of those Tallies are like to prove deficient; and what hath Captain , deceased, joined with him: And, upon

been, and is like to be, the annual Produce of the Funds that Occasion, Sir Isaac said. He would not protect

which are agreed to be continued.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 28° die;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Tn(h Arrears.

Wheely, if lie did not pay his just Debts.

And they likewise infilled. That Sir Isaac had spoke, to the same Effefit, to Mr. Scold, about Christmas lad: But Mr. Scolding was not produced, being, as they alleged, very infirm.

That, thereupon. Sir Isaac Rebow produced,

Simoti Hawley: Who said, He was prefect, when Mr. Scolding did make his Report to Sir Isaac Rebow, That he had settled the Debt at 15/.: But he, the said Hawley, telling Sir Isaac, that Mr. Wheely had before offered the Debt and Charges; and Mr. loveny infilled on the Penalty

A PETITION of the Troopers of the Right Honour- ..... _ .., __

able the Lord Galwayts Regiment of Horse was the Bond; Sir Isaac said. That Mr. was anun-

presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, in reasonable Man; and therefore he would protest Wheely. 1692, the Petitioners Accounts, relating to their Irish Hawley also said, the Bailiff, told him,

Arrears, were made up, and signed, by their respective That Mr* had &?en bim a to save h*111

Captains; by which they were Debtors to fbme of the harmless, of the Penalty I.

Petitioners 36/. 30/. and 20/. a Man, to be paid at And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came

to this Resolution -

clearing the Regiment: That, in 1693, the Regiment was cleared, and Mr. Moreau, the Agent, who had the Money in his Hands, denied to pay the Petitioners; and, about Two Years after, the Captains agreed upon new Accounts, and reduced the Firstto little or nothing: And besides, the said Agent is indebted to the Petitioners, for the Off-reckonings, near 19/. a Man; which he has received, yet denies to pay: All which the Petitioners have proved before the Commissioners of Accounts; and, last Session, petitioned this House for Relief; which was re-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Arrest of John Wheely, Steward to Sir Isaac Rebow, by Isaac Mitchell, at the Suit of Thomas Loveny, is a Breach of the Privileges of this House.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree w'ich the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Arrest of John Wheely, Steward to

Sir Isaac Rebow, by Isaac Mitchell, at the Suit of

ferred to a Committee; but the short Sitting of the Sef- , is a Breach of the Privileges of this House;

African

Company.

Gricbe'*

Complaint.

Privilege.

fion did not permit to examine into it: And praying such Relief in the Premisesas the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby, and Lord Ranchgh, and Mr. Fox, do give the House an Account of the Matter of the said Petition, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Blofeild, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Hoblyn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mary Gricbe is referred.

Colonel Wharton reported, from the Committee of Privileges and EIe6tions, the Matter, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Sir Isaac Rebow, a Member of this House, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The House divided The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the V^Mr^Sttf ' }

Tellers for the Noes,{^ J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said John Wheely be discharged from the said Arrest.

170*

85-

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, upon the Matter Privilege of of the Petition relating to Sir Stephen Evans, be further Member adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

ii» a Suit

3/ilchtJI

Elt&ioa.

Ordered That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, be made upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Bill for examining, taking, and Hat- CommilTtoa, ing, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence ers of Ac-from the Expiration of the present Commission, be read a couatt-Second time upon Monday Sevennight

An humble Representation and Address of the Mayor, Regulating That it was proved, by Simon Hawley, Edward Fend- and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Shafton, in Eleditns. all, William Plumb, and John Borrett, That Sir Isaac the County of Dorset, was presented to the House,

to the Bill for the further regulating Elections of

ing

Members to serve in Parliament And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Rebow had employed John Wheely in telling of Timber for him, and receiving his Rents, for Four Y'ears last pa ft; and did allow him a Salary: And Mr. Borrett did say, He was font from Sir Isaac Rebow to demand Wheely, being under Arrest; but the Bailiff, Mitchell, refilled to deliver him; saying, He could not answer the fame. Another Petition from the Borough of Lyme Regis, in

That it was alleged, on the other Side, That Mr. against

Wheely was a Housekeeper, and had severalEmploy- be presented to the House:

ments: Which was not denied. And the Question being put, That the Petition be

But that which was infilled on, by the Counsel of the received;

Ditto.

Persons complained against, was, That Sir Isaac Rebow had declared, That he would not protect any Person from paying their just Debts.

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Cloudesley Shove//, according to Order,

the Fletu

a 8° — 3 0° Novembris.

601

the House a Book of Copies of all such Orders as he received, in order to the joining Sir Geo. Rooke, for the intercepting the French Thoulon Squadron in getting into Breji.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Regulating The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Elections., solved itlblf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the further regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker Jest the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslozv reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock.

Supply Bill; Coinage.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Franklyn

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the

the great'Decay of Trade there, the Petitioners are reduced to so low a Condition, that they are hardly able to maintain themselves and Families; and', further to help their Impoverishment, the Marquis d Puhars Regiment ot Foot have been quartered upon the Petitioners ever . the f>th of May lait, without paying one Pcny; and the said Soldiers demand a weekly Payment, above their Maintenance, contrary to Law; which the Petitioners have paid, for Fear of them: And praying the speedy Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are to consider of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom it Privilege — w as referred to examine who was the Author, Printer, Publication PublHhers, and Dilperfers, of a false, scandalous, andfe-ditious, printed Pamphlet, deltructive of the Freedom and Liberties of Parliament; intituled, " An Account of the " Proceedings in the House of Commons, in relation to " there-coining the clipped Money, and falling the Price of Guineas;" the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Robert Hayrjl said, That on the 2d of September

of Proceedings.

Kingdom, with l'ome Amendments: To which they dc- lait> Dover, a Printer, appointed him to meet

fire the Concurrence of this House And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

2d Skin, 28 L. alter "been," add "or shall be:"

L. 29, instead of " 18th Day of November" read " loth Day of December:"

2d Skin, lait Line, and 3d Skin, lit L for " 18th Day " of December" read " 10th Day of January

3d Skin, 8 L. instead " of 18th Day of November" read " 10th Day of December

19 L. instead of " 10th Day of January" read " 1 ft Day of February

30 L. for " 18th Day of December " read " 1 oth Day of January

4th Skin, 10th and 11th L. instead of c< 18th Day of " Novemberread "loth Day of December

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday Morning next, take the said Amendments into further Consideration.

Re solved. That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn*-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted . to Lis Majesty, lor making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Coa£* Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

«s«w cm

Oh

'iiX

[. V.:3

lifci

Supply; Deficiencies if Fund^.

Rtjaa

EltC.6

5 s

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lwice, 30° die;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Prohibiting f\RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a

India bilks, v pjB to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Callicoes,&c. Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India; and all Caliicoes, printed or stained there: And that Sir Hen.Hobart and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the Bill.

him the same Hay, at the Salutation Tavern in Natgale-Jirect, about some Business he would then communicate to him; and, upon their meeting together, the said Dover shewed him One of the said Pamphlets, printed in the same Character with that shewn niin at t*e Committee; and told him he had printed 1,000 of them; and had been paid for them; and had Liberty given him to reprint as many of them as he plealed, to diiporle; and that, if he, the said Hairjt, would find his Proportion ol Paper, and re-print the lame, he should come in a Partner with him in the Profits thereof; telling him the same would loll well: U pon which Hayrjlf told the said Dover, That he looked upon the same to be a dangerous and seditious Pamphlet, and would have nothing to do therewith.

And that the said James Don er laid, That, truly, he had teen fuel) a Pamphlet, as thatlliewn him at the Committee, in Print; but never saw it in Writing; and had never printed any of them; and that he had One of the Pamphlets from one Mr. Starkey; who told him, That he had procured 1,000 of them to he printed; and then gave him Commission to print as many as he plealed.

Upon which the said Mr. Hayrjl was called in; and confronted him, with a Repetition of his Testimony aforesaid.

That then Dover, as a Demonstration, that he never printed any of the said Pamphlets, urged, That he never had any Letters of that Character wherewith the same were printed:

Upon which, one Mr. Darby, the said Dover's Father* in-law, confronted him with his having lent him Letters of the same Character, with the Pamphlet:

And the said Mr. Dover being asked, Who, and what the said Mr. Starkey was, he said, He saw him about Three Weeks since; and that he was then a Prisoner in the King's-Bench; and is since dead; and that he had never told him w ho the Author of the Pamphlet was; neither has he any Knowledge of him.

That, at the next Meeting of the said Committee, the said Don a' being ordered to attend, and called in, owned his Offence, for having lo Ions' prevaricated with the Committee; and was lorry for having told them so many Lies; and owned that he did print the said Pamphlet; and bad printed 1,000 of the First Impredion for one Mr. cornb, a Nonjuring Parlon, living in Court, in

Holbourn, from whom he had the Aianuscript of the Pam-

Coinage, &c.

fid!.

phlet, and to whom he delivered back the fame, with A Petition of the Inn-holders and Alehouse-keepers of 900 of the said Pamphlets; at which time the said Mr. the Town and Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Grafamb paid him for Printing thereof:

Gloncesler, was presented to the lioule, and read; setting That the last time he saw Mr. Grafcomb, w as on Fri-foi th, That, by reason of the Non-currency of Money, and day the 6th of this Instant November', when, in Discourse Vol. XI. 7 0 about

30° Movemb.

1696.

about his, the said Dover's, being summcmed to attend the Committee, Dover then told him. That he would not discover him; but would tell the Committee, as he afterwards did with many Imprecations, that he had the Pamphlet from, and had printed it for, one Starkey, a Kings-Dench Prisoner, and one who he knew to be dead about Ten Days before: U pon which, Mr. Grafcomb told him it was a pat Story, and would certainly ferye the Turn; and heartily applauded the Contrivance thereof: And that, after they were parted, the said Grafcomb sent one Tabor Hoskins, a Barber, to him fevqral times, to confirm his Resolutions; and to acquaint him, that, if he would keep his own Council nothing ;would come of the Matter; and that he might be very easy therein, by fattening the same upon the Person <jleceased; the which he desired him to stick to, and keep close to his Tale.

That Mrs. JDover was called in, and said, She has seen the said Hoskins come several times, as he said, from Mr. Grafcomb to her Husband, and tell him the Messages aforesaid; and particularly, fioce her said Husband was summoned, he came to her, and told her, That if her

to explain that Part of the A©d, patted \he \att Sefftow of Parliament, for laying several Duties on low Wines, and Spirits of the ttrft JLxtraction \ and for preventing the Fraudsand Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Pxciie; which relates to the Payment of Tallies, and the interest thereof *> without any Amendments, Also,

That the Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act: Wana^'* explaining a former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act 'E&ate. for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the ILttate of Edmund 1 Varner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Fairfax attending in his Place, according to Privilege of Order a Member

The Petition of Peshall Esquire, and his Wife, lu a SuU' relating to his Lordship, was read; setting forth. That Thomas late Lord Culpeper, deceased, having full Power to dispose of his Estate by Deed or Will, did, in October Husband would {bind out, and avoid the Discovery, there 1686, by Deeds, settle the Manor of , inter

were a great many Friends in the House of Commons, alia, on Trustees, to raise 3,0001, as a Portion for the tb t would (land by him; and that he came every Day Petitioner's Wife, and 120 I. per Ann. for her Mainte-to buoy up her Husband in his said Resolution. nance till 21, or Marriage; and, by that Settlement,

conveys the Inheritance of all his Lands so charged on his Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Daughter ,now the Wife of the Lord Fair far,

Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his and her JHeirs: That the said Lord Culpeper did aho, by Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will his lafi Will, give to , the Petitioner's Wife, 80/.

please to ifi'ue his Royal Proclamation, for the Apprehend- per Ann. for Light Years, payable out of a Orant, made by ing of Mr. Grafcomb, who brought the Manuscript King Charles the lid, of 600 /. per Annum: That in Con-of the said Pamphlet to the Printer, to he printed. lideration of the said Provision, for the said Charlotte, the

Ordered, That James Dover, the Printer of the said Petitioner did marry her; by whom he has several Chil-pvinted Pamphlet, be taken into the Custody of the Ser- dren; and his Father refuses to make any Settlement of jeant at Arms attending this House. his Estate on the Petitioner, until he hath received his said

Ordered, That Tabor Husky ns, for endeavouring to Wife's Portion; which the Lord Fairfax refuses to pay, hinder James Dover, the Printer of the said Pamphlet, and stands upon his Privilege, though, in reality, but a from discovering the Author of the said Pamphlet; and Trustee, and must account in Equity; and, if he should declaring, That there were many Friends in the House of die, the 80 1. per Annum, and Arrears, will be loft, being Commons, that would statid by him; be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

House to

Bringing in Plate to be coined.

Ordered, That the Two Informations of Sir John Fenwick, formerly presented to the House by Mr. Secretary Trumball, be re-delivered to him.

Colonel Wharton, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for encouraging Persons to bring in their wrought Plate, to be coined.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

merely personal: And praying Leave of the proceed against the Lord Fairfax, to recover his undoubted Right, in case he will not pay the same.

Papers to be Ordered, That the Two Informations of Sir John Fen- And the Lord Fairfax was heard thereupon, in his

returned. f/\rmnrl,r nmrnnfiwt tvi flip Hnnip Kir Mr ^prrptaru Place.

Resolved, , That no Member of Resolution

this House, during the Continuance of this Parliament, have any Privilege, except for his Person only, against any p^vl|eJe Commoner, in any Suit or Proceedings in Courts of Law 0 or Equity, for any longer Time than the House shall be actually fitting for Dispatch of Business in Parliament.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be communicated to the Lords at a Conference.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of Saturday last, to communicate to them a Resolution of this House for desireil with Coinage. took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the the Ease of the Subject Lor(k-

Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further re- Ordered, That Mr. Pelham do go to the Lords, and raedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom: desire the said Conference.

And the same were read a Second time, one by one; Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed of the said John Peshall, and his Wife, be referred to unto by the House. the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, the House. for disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments:

And it is referred to Sit Richard Onslow, Sir Justinian Mr. Pelham reported, That he having, according to Conference. Mam, Sir Jof.Williamson, Colonel GranvilI, Mr. On- Order, been at the Lords to desire a Conference, they do slow, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Boscmen, agree to a Conference, immediately, in the Painted Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Mr. Norris, Sir Chamber.

Wm. Coryton, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Pel- Ordered, That Mr. Pelham, Sir Edward Seymour, Air.

ham, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Row- Boyle, Mr. Mr. , Lord Cutis, Sir Tho.

land Gwynn, Mr. Palmes, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Clark, Littleton, Mr. Foley, Mr. , Sir Jo. Phillips,

Supply Bill; Payment of Tallies,

Mr. Hear, Colonel IVharton, Mr. Secretary Trumball: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

A Afeffage from the Lords, by Sir John Eranklyn and Sir Robert Legard:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

23

Colonel Wharton, Sir Richard , Sir Robert Rich, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mr. , Sir Jof. William (on, Sir Rowland Mr. Smith, Sir

Henry Hobart, Sir Wm. Williams, do manage the said

Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Pelham reported, That they had communicated

the

8 W. III. 30 ° Novembri — 10 Decembris.

603

Mitchell

Election.

v?.

it--

V-

the said Resolution to the Lottte, and left the same with them.

Colonel Wharton reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Corn-mall, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read: and are as follow;

Upon the Petition of Anthony Row Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Burgesses to serve for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall:

.....have examined the Merits of that Election.

That, in the first Place, the Committee taking notice. That there was no Counsel appeared for the Borough of

Mitchell, or Mr. Vivian, who is One of the Burgesses returned for the said Borough; they put the Petitioner to prove Notice.

And, for that Purpose, on behalf of Mr. , was called,

Edward Parsons: Who, said. That on the 10th of November instant, he did read a Copy of the Order of the Committee for hearing the Merits of the said Election on the 23d of November, being the Day the same was heard before the Committee, before 25 of the Inhabitants of the said Borough; but he could not say, that Mr. Fry, the Deputy Port-reeve, or Mr. Vivian, had notice: But

Martis, 1° die Decembris 8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Committee appointed to Coinage.

prepare Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for dil'agreeing to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill for further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, be revived; and do withdraw, and fit during the Sitting of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for inrolling the more easy Acknowleging of Deeds in the Country, in Deeds, order to be inrolled: And that Mr. and Mr.

Farrer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of John Kdkewdl and Alexander , Irish Arrears,

on the behalf of themselves, and others, Troopers, who served in the Wars of Ireland under Colonel Fillers, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by Order of this House, the last Session of Parliament, the Lord Coningsby and Mr. Fox reported. That there was due to the Petitioners, for their Irish Arrears, the Sum of 2 ,2221. 3 s. 7! d. to clear them to the 1 it April And praying, That the House would order the Payment of their said Arrears; for which they have solicited these

Abr. Wills said, That Mr. Fry was present at reading three Years last palt 5 some Troopers having perhhed for

want of Bread.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Colt, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Pagit, Mr. St. John, Mr. Gery, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Puller, Mr. Mr. Colt,

Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Tho. Day, Sir Wm. Sir

John Turner, Mr. Manley, Lord , Sir Mann.

Wyvett, Sir John Bolles, Sir Cha. Mr.

Sir John Manwaring, Sir John Mr. Stonehouse,

Mr. Blaalce, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr. England,

Mr. Farrer, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Fuller, Lord Corn-bicry, Mr. Muudit, Mr. Freke, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Pa-

pillon, Mr. Brotherton: And they are to meet this After-

Inquiry con> ceming the Fleet.

of the said Copy of the Order; but he could not lay, that Mr. Vivian had any particular N otice.

Mr. Row did not controvert Mr. Vivians Election: So the Question was only upon the Return of Humphry Con rimy Esquire, deceased.

That, on behalf of Mr. Row, was produced,

Mr. Gully: Who delivered in a Poll, which, he said, he law taken at the ElcClion of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Mitchell; which was written at that time by Mr. Campion:

Upon which the Numbers were thus;

For Mr. Row - - -25.

For Mr. Dodson - - - 14.

For Mr. Courtney - - 14.

That, to prove the Right, there was also produced a Resolution of the House, taken Primo Gulielmi et Maria, noon at Tive a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

That the Right of Election was in the Lords of the said Borough, who are liable to be chosen Port-reeves of the fame, and in the Householder3 not receiving Alms: And that

Mr. Gully said, That there were none that voted for Mr. Row who received Alms; and but One that was no Housekeeper.

And, there being no Defence made on the behalf of Mr. Courtney, the Committee came to these Resolutions; this Day Fortnight.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Humphry Courtney Esquire, deceased, was not duly A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- >iev, foun(j. elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Council, of the City of Bristoll and also of the Mer- land Trade, the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Coi'nwall. chants, and other Inhabitants, within the said City, trad-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ing for; was presented to the House, and

" - - - - read; setting forth, That the said Trade is very advantageous to this Nation; not only as it hath been a Nur-fery for Seamen, but also as it enricheth the Kingdom by the Fish taken out of those Seas, and fold in foreign Markets: That the said Trade hath, of late, been very much neglected; and the Traders thither become a Prey to the French the last Year: And praying the House to take care for the Security of the Trade to Newfoundland.

Ordered, That the CoDsideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Magistrates, and Common-Council, and other Traders, of and from the Town of Dartmouth, and Parts adjacent, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Warner's explaining a former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act Estate. for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Edmund Wamer, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon

That Anthony Row Esquire is duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Mitchell.

Resolved, That the Merits of the Election for the said Borough of Mitchell be re-committed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TVMorning next, take into Consideration the Books and Papers which have been laid before this House, relating to the Fleet; and inquire how it came to pass, that the French Thoulon Fleet was not intercepted in going into Brest: And that Sir George Rook, Vice-Admiral Mitchell, and Sir Cloudesly Shooell, do then attend.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Committees Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. A Petition of the Mayor, Deputy-Recorder, Alder- bifeount ou

men, and Burgesses, together with divers Tradesmen, re- Bank Bills. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow siding in near Town of in the County of

Morning, Nine a Clock. , was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth. That, by reason of the Non-currency of old ham-

Vol. VT mered

XI.

604

i° Decembr

A. 1696,

mered Money, but by Weight only, the Petitioners are put to great Streights for Money for their necessary Subsistence, much less, to carry on their Trades; -whereby their Calamities are fitch, that the Poors Rate is more than One-third higher than of late, and daily rises: That the great Discoubt of Bank- Bills, for ready Money, is of very ill Consequence to Trade: And praying an effectual Provision for better Payment of Bank- Bills; and that the Country Mints may be obliged to dispatch their Coinage, which will give a new Lite to Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, from the Lords Com- Tallies missioners of the Treasury, according to Order, presented " fun to the House, in several Papers, an Account of the Tallies struck upon Parliamentary Funds; and what of those Tallies are yet unpaid, and like to prove deficient; and what hath been, and is like to be, the annual Produce of the Funds agreed to be continued;

And the same was read; and is as followeth;

An ACCOUNT of Tallies struck upon Parliamentary Funds; the Payments made thereupon; and the

Principal remaining due this 27th November 1696.

On 300,000 I. per Atm. Customs

Additional Impositions -Joint Stocks -

Continued Impositions Double qd. Excise -Vellum-Act -

Duties on Coals-Second Quarterly Poll -First4.r. Aid -

Third 4,9. Aid -Fourth 4$. Aid -Duties on Marriages, Births, t Low Wines, Sweets,

Duties on Salt, Glass Wares, Duties on Houses Hereditary and Temporary Ej Poll Office Revenue -

Borrowed. Paid. Remains.

£ s. cl £ s. cl. £. s. d.

- - - 1,250,000 — — 351,602 10 — 898,397 10 —

- - 510,000 — — 61,460 — — 448,540 — —

- - - 500,000 — — 387,175 1 6 112,824 18 6

- - - 1,500,000 — — - - 1,500,000 — —

- - - 009,815 — 2 — 7.54,760 *s 0 j On 245054 11 IX

- - - 324,114 7 8-i 46,512 10 — 277,601 17 81

- - - 564,700 — — 4,662 — — .560,038 — —

- - - 569,293 19 7 479,328 6 3 89,960 13 4

- - - 1,896,874 16 64 *, 835,43 9 10 44 6i,43.5 6 2

- - - 1,800,000 — — *,390,377 ]9 9 409,622 — 3

- - - 1,800,000 — — 470,776 3 1 i 1,329,223 16 1

- - - 650,000 — — 2,000 — — 648,000 —

- - - 69,959 16 6 3,600 — — 66,359 16 6

- - - 366,46.5 — iol VI O O — — 355,96.5 ~ 1 Oy

- - - 7,382 ll 4 - - 7,582 n 4

- - - - 884,467 8 -

— A I ‘ - 118,046 9 2f

On L Customs ——

The Complement of the Salt-A6fc, for which Tallies are not yet levied

(a)To be transferred to the next Aid; Contributions for Annuities -Loans in general, by Weight, - Ditto, more ——

Loans on the Vote -

Ste. Fo.r,

16,760 12,492 8

2

Chit. JMounU,

- -

£ S. d

366,121 6 1

20,253 1 ] 1

1,300 — —

L

8,010,924 19 104 203,447 15 9 *>632,83419 14

9,$47,207 14

J. Smith, Tho. Littleton.

An ACCOUNT of what the Funds, agreed to he continued, have made; and what they may produce

yearly; as followeth; viz.

Customs and Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage have in not Muncy, over and

above Draw ings-hack, by Debentures, Allowances for damaged Goods, Bills of Port-

age, and all Charges of Management; viz. In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1694 In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1695 In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1696

In all

£ s. d.

- 406,987 ——

- 363,187 ——

- 337,727 ——

£ *,*27,901

And, if the Medium of the/e Three Years may be taken for the net of the , it is

Impo' on Wines and Vinegar hath produced net into the Exchequer; £. s. d.

I11 the Year ending at Michaelmas 1694- ----- 130, 281 ——

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1695 - ----- 136,728 ——

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1696- - - - - 151,8.5 6-----

Per Annum.

£ s. d.

375,g67 ——

In all -

The Medium whereof is -

Impo' on Tobacco, the net Produce into the Exchequer; viz.

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1694- -

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1695 - -

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 16g6 -

In all -

£. 4*8,863

139,621 ——

Whereof One Third Part for the yearly Estimate Impo' on East India Goods, tfv. hath produced into the;

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1694....

- *34,^99 ——

78,687 ——

- *7 *,556 -

'3S5d42 ——

128,380 ——

134,899 ——

fa) These Words, in the Journal, are placed opposite to, and conntded with, the Total Sum 9,847,207/. 14s. But, by the

original Account, they appear to relate to the Four subsequent Articles.

Id

Go

i° — 2° Decembris.

r. s. d.

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1695 In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1696

The Medium for the yearly Produce is Additional Imp' on Merchandizes, with in net Money;

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1694 In the Year ending at 1695

In the Year ending at Michaelmas 1696

161,546 ——

t57»i46 ——

449,263 ——

the 2 s. per Gallon on Brandy, hath produced

‘ s. d.

..... 39,340 ——

..... 53,288 — —

.....56,832 ——

£ * d-

149,754 -

Total of Three Years - - 149,460-

The Medium whereof is ——

The Duties arising by Paper and Parchment: These produced net Money into the Exchequer; viz. s. d.

In the Year ending 28th June 1695 ----- - 46,300--

In the Year ended 28th June 1696 ----- - 69,078 — —

But, the Increase in the 2d Year being supposed to happen, by Stores extraordinary taken by several People, to rid off their clipped Money, the yearly Produce may be reckoned about -Marriages, Births, and Burials: The Duties thereof have produced into') £ s. d.

the Exchequer, between Michaelmas 1695 and Michaelmas 1696 -j 54,310 15 8

Act may be reckoned per Annum ——

Windows: The Duplicates for these Duties not being yet returned, nor the first half-yearly Payment as yet made into the Exchequer, it cannot be computed what they may produce per Ann.; but by Estimate, may he -

49,820 — —

50,000 ——

50,000 — —

100,000 — —

Sic. Fo.v, J. Smith,

Cha. Muuntague,

Tho. Littleton.

£. 1,043,542 ——

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Tredenham, in Custody of the Ser-fcoffTcuftoc) 3eant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself om u o y. froin jjg Service jn Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Supply; The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Uetkiencies solved iti'clf into a Committee of the w hole House, to t' Funds. consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Kesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itlllf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 2* die Decembris;

8* Gulielini Tertii.

Prayers.

Courtney'* \ PETITION of William Courtney, only Son and Et'ute. XX Heir of Humphry Courtney late of in the County of Cornwall, Esquire, was pretented to the House,

Vol. XI.

and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's said Father died very much in Debt, and moil of his real Estate incumbered therewith; which will be swallowed up with Interest if the same be not fold; the Petitioner being uncapable to fell it by reason of his Minority: And praying, Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Trustees to fell all or l'o much of his Estate as will pay his Father's Debts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: Aud that Mr. Hoblyndo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Cardoand on Duty nu

behalf of themselves, and other Glals-makers, in and about Gluia. Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a late Act of Parliament, there is a perpetual Duty laid upon all Glals Wares; fmee which the Petitioners have not had One Day's Work; and, if the same should be continued, the Petitioners, and their Families, must starve, or be maintained by their Parishes; though the said Duty is a very inconsiderable Income to the Crown, as informed:

And praying. That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bosc Mr. Mr. Foley, Doctor Barbon, Mr. Slater, Mr. Hoblyn,

Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Northmore, Sir Gerv. Flues, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Philipps, Mr. Colt, Mr. England, Mr. Baldivyn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Campion, Mr. Vincent, Mr. StSir Cha. Wind-hum, Sir Wm. Lowlher, Sir Henry Goff, Sir Richard

Onslenc, Lord Spencer, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Clark, Mr.

While, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Waller, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr.

Hammond, Sir John Kay, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Lowther,

Mr. Whitaker, Sir Wm. AshursSir John Fagg, Mr. Hobby, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Taand all that lerve for the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, Gloucester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of John Judges, and Richard Jeffryes, and Ditto, other Glals-makers, with many Hundreds of Families, in and about the City of London, was presented to the

7 P House,

6o6

2° Decembris. A. 1696.

and read; setting forth, That, by a late Act of Parliament, there is a perpetual Duty laid upon all Glass-wares made in this Kingdom; which has so lessened the Consumption of Glass, that many of the Petitioners have had very little Work since; whereby they are reduced to great Poverty: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Cardo and Eduard on behalf of them-

selves and others, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Wnt.m^am Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do illbe his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Buckingham, in the room of Sir Richard Atkins, deceastd.

7th Amendment, 4th Skin, 10 and nth Line: The Commons do not agree to the fame, for the Reasons aforesaid.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do go and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and stating Grants of the Publick Accounts do, Tomorrow Morning, lay be- (-'ro'vn fore this House ah Account of all Grants, which appear k*"*'&e to them to have been made of Crown-Lands, Pensions, or ' Sums of Money, since the last Session of Parliament.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Ease of House a Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Second time.

Relief of A Bill for Relief of Creditors was read a Second time.

Creditors. Resolved. That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Sam. Baruardiston, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Mr.

Barker, Mr. Stockda/e, Sir Sir John /Vuol-

stenhohn, Mr. Loud her, Mr. Mr. Mr. Lawyer, Mr. Duke, Sir Win. Cordon, Mr. Mr.

Pocklinglon, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Harvey. Sir Ashley,

Mr. ILreningham, Mr. Sir Massam, Air.

Farrcr, Mr. Bagnalt, Sir 77 Sir Wa.

Mr. Harrison, Sir Henry Mr. Vincent, Sir iheyun, Mr. Crocker, Sir IVm. Bowes, Mr.

Mr. England, Sir IVm. Sir Cha. Turner, Mr.

Puller, Sir 7 'ho.Roberts, Sir Jervas Sir 11 in.

Isrwther, Mr. Ash, Mr. Mr. Jilo/cild, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Air.

Ik kite, Mr. Pelham, Sir And all that come

are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at l'ive a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide, that Creditors may come to their Debts, notwithstanding any privileged Places.

Coinage. Sir Henry Hobart reported from the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read: and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by tire House; and are as follow;

That the Amendments, made by the Lords, in the 2d Press, 28 Line, on which all the subsequent Amendments do depend, being in order to give a longer time to Receivers and Collectors of the Taxes and Revenues to pay into his Majesty's Exchequer such hammered Money as is mentioned in the Bill, by Tale, will give an Opportunity to the said Receivers and Collectors to make great Advantages to themselves, without any Ease to the People; and will increase the Deficiencies, which are to be supplied at the Publick Charge: For which Reason alone, the Commons can by no means admit that the Lords could make any Amendment to this Bill, which is to be a Charge upon the People, as aforesaid.

2d Amendment, L. 29th: The Commons do not agree to the fame, for the Reasons aforesaid.

3d Amendment, 2d Skin, last Line; and 3d Skin, ill Line: The Commons do not agree to the fame, for the Reasons aforesaid.

4th Amendment, 3d Skin, 8th L. The Commons do not agree to the fame, for the Reasons aforesaid.

5th Amendment, j 9th L. the Commons cannot agree to the fame, for the Reasons aforesaid.

6th Amendment, 30th L. The Commons do not agree to the lame, for the Reasons aforesaid.

16

Sir Henry Hobart reported, That he having, according Coufertm, to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference; they do agree to a Conference, prefefttly, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Afembers who drew up the Reasons, do manage the said Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Henry Hobart reported, That they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by their Lord ships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Letter of Sir John Fenwick's, which A Paper Air. Vernon informed the lloul'e of, and, by Order, retttn*e'*-delivered into the house, be re-delivered to him.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, Deficimrin from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it vfruo*-was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the 6th,

Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, be granted and continued to his Majesty to the lit of August 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties granted by an Act made in the 7th and 8th Years of his Alajel'ty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts, upon Wine and Vinegar; and upon Tobacco, and India Goods; and other Merchandize, imported; for carrying on the War against France, be granted and continued to his Majesty to the lit of 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the 4th Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize, for the prosecuting the pretent War against France, be granted and continued to his Majesty to the ift of August 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, towards

carrying

8 W. III.

2° — 3° Decembris.

607

e

4

3,

ie

C:^ Un

ar

or

ictei

lc>

me

nn? (fe ice;

ted

ll;e

nts

Act

the

vitii

.id)

‘ted, Dfc d k* ltd 5 of wife

flflk

were

ittt i so ,3.

upa

1 'in

1 is

\h

Eat

it®

ib

i ®

I*

it®

cd

Coinage

carrying on the War against France, be granted and con- in Lands; which is to reftram the Liberty of the Subject, tinned to his Majesty to the ift of August 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the 6th and 7th Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births and Burials; and upon Bachelors and the said Bill may not pass, so as to prejudice die ancient

to choose, perhaps, such Men as are Strangers to die Constitution of their Corporation, and unskilful in the Mysteries of Trade; and to hinder those among them of found Understanding, and having great Personal Estates, of their Birthrights, to be elected: And praying, That

Widowers; for the Term of Five Years; for carrying on the War against France with Vigour: be granted and continued to his Majesty to the ift of August 1706.

Resolved, That it is die Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties granted by an Act, made in the 7th and Sth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates or Duties upon Houses, for making good the Deficiency of the clipped Money, be granted and continued to his Majesty, to the 1 ft of August. 1706.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Duties granted by an Act, made in die 6'th Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties a Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, be granted and continued to his Majesty to the ift of August 1706;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the YeaJMr'

Rights and Lilierties of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Glass-makers in and about the Town Duty ou of Newcastle upon Tyne was p relented to the House, and Glai's.

read; letting forth, That, by a late Act of Parliament, there is a perpetual Duty laid upon all dais-wares made in England; which is a great Discouragement to the Petitioners laid Trade; and, if continued, will tend to their utter Ruin, and all those employed under them: And-praying the Relief of die House, that the said Duly may be taken oft'.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition . be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Cardu and Edzcard Raughton, on behalf of them-lelves, and odier Glass-makers in and about Stourbridge, in the County of H orcester, is referred.

Tellers for the Noes,

'\Mr. Chadwick: fSir Robert Cotton,

211.

A Petition of the Port-reeve, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the ancient Borough of was

presented to the House, and read; letting.....That

the Bill, now> depending in the House, for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, is to disable Persons not having Estates in Land, as in the

Regulating

Elections.

State of the Kation.

Inquiry concerning the Fleet.

'[Mr. Gzcjjm:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the said Kesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed unto by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded, by the Lords, to acquaint this House, That they do not insist upon their Amendments made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take into Consideration the Books and Papers which have been laid before this House, relating to the Fleet; and inquire how it came to pass, That the French Thou-lon Fleet was not intercepted in going into Brest: And that Sir Geo. Rook, Vice-Admiral Cloudesly Shovcll, do then attend.

J '34- 13i||) from serving in Parliament; which Bill may lb re-

strain the Freedom of the said Borough, as to exclude many fit Men from representing them in Parliament: And praying, That the fundamental Rights and Privileges of the said Borough may be continued.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of William. Gutteridge, and others, in be- Duty 00 half of thcniselves, and most of the Glals-makers in and Glass. about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, by a late Act of Parliament, a perpetual Duty is laid upon all Glals-wares made in England; the clear Revenue whereof is not 10,000/, per Annum, as appears by the Commissioners Books; and will decrease every Year, and hazard the total Lois of that Trade to England: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Ganmittee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Cardo and Edward on behalf of them-

selves, and other Glals-makers in and about Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, is referred.

Ordered, That the said Report from the said Committee, Ditto. Mitchell, and Sir when made, be in a full House, at Twelve a Clock.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Aud then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 3° die Decern r i;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Bailifis, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town and County of Pool, was prelected to the House, and read; letting forth, That, the Bill, now depending in the House, for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, will

Regulating

Elections.

A Petition of the Subaltern Officers, and Troopers, of Irish Arrears, his Grace the Duke of Schomberg's Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That it is Four Years since the said Regiment was cleared; and Mr. Francis Molyneux, Agent, hath given his Acquittance, in full, to the Treasury, to the 31 December 1691; but hath not yet settled his Accounts with the Captains; whereby the Petitioners could not demand their Irish Arrears, amounting to near 4,000l.; That Mr. Molyneux, who is a Woollen-draper, undertook to

cloathe the Regiment; and fold his Cloth at so dear a Rate, that he overcharged the Oft-reckonings, and applied the Subaltern Officers Subsistence to pay himself; who have near 3,000 /. due to them, which be denies to pay: And praying the Relief of the House in the Matters aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of John Hakewell and Alexander Gambell, on behalf of themselves,

be highly prejudicial to the Rights and Privileges of all Corporations in England; and is to restrain the Eltftion and other Troopers, who served under Colon'1 Fillers is of their Members to Persons who have a certain Estate referred.

3° Decembris.

Leave of Absence.

Discount on Bank* Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Bachcell have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, his Lady being very ill.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of W'Mon- Under edge, in the County of Gloucester, for themselves and the poor People who depend upon them, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the uncertain Value of the ancient Coin hath been very prejudicial to them, having very little new Money amongst them; but the

1696.

April 1696.

Whereas by an Inquisition, taken at the Court-house of Clement's, Danes, in the County of Middlesex, the 22tji Day of September, in the 5th Year of their Majesties Reign, it was found, That late

Marquis of was foiled in his Demesne, as of a Fee,

of all that capital Meflhage, called Powys-House, with the Appurtenances, and several other Messuages or Tenements thereunto adjoining, in the said County of Mid-0 , — and divers Meffoages and Lands in the Panlb of

Rebate of Bank- Bills at 1 61, per Cent, for ready Money, Hendon, belonging to the said Manor; and all the Rec-hath obliged several Clothiers to give over Trading, those tory and Advowson of the said Parish of Hendon; which Bills being generally the Payments for their Manufactures; were seized into their Majesties Hands, by virtue of a and the relt must shortly do so too, to the Starving of the Commission under the Great Seal of England-. His Ma-Poor, unless some speedy Relief be given: And praying jesty is graciously pleased to grant all and singular the the Assistance of the House, for redrefiing the said Griev- said Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and other

Revenue Receipts and ltiuef, kc.

Royal A dent to Bills.

arrees.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Boyle, according to Order, presented to the House the general State of the Receipts and Ilfues of the Publick Revenue, between the Feast of St. Michael 1695, and the Feast of St. Michael 1696: And also,

A State of the Accounts of the Army, Navy, and Ordnance: And also,

An Estimate of the Arrears due to the Army, Navy, Ordnance; and for Transportation; And also,

Copies of Dockets, at the Privy-Seal, ot all Grants made of Crown-Lands, or Sums of Money, fmee the last Session of Parliament: And also,

A Certificate relating to the Vacating of Tallies, levied, and stricken, at the Exchequer, to the Earl of Portland.

A Mefi'age from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to several Publick Bills; viz.

An Act for importing and coining Guineas and Half-Guineas:

An Act to explain that Part of the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for laying several Duties on low Wines, and Spirits of the fn ft Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abufts of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excil'c; which relates to the Payment of Tallies, and the Interest thereof:

An Act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

Grants of Then the Copies of the Dockets of the G rants made Crown-land?. Crown-Lands, and Sums of Money; and the said Certificate, and State, and Estimate of the Accounts, and Arrears to the Army and Navy; were read; and are as follow; viz.

3d December 1696.

Copies of Dockets, at the Privy-Seal, of all Grants made of Crown-Lands, or Sums of Money, since the last Session of Parliament

)T‘

March 1 6q

A GRANT unto Samuel Johnson Clerk, of an Annuity of 300l. payable out of the Revenue of the Letter-Office.

A Grant to the Right Honourable William Earl of Portland, for the Term of 42 Years, under the Rent of 65. 8 d.of the Buildings and Edifices situate in now in the Possession of the said Earl.

A Warrant to the Exchequer, to pay unto Sir Robert

Killigrew, Knight, one Annuity of 400 /.; to be paid quarterly, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

Things comprehended or found in or- by the said Inquisition abovesaid, unto William Earl of; except the capital Messuage or Tenement, called Powys-IIouse, above mentioned, and all Out-houses, Stables, Coach-houses, and other Things thereto belonging, now in the Possession of the Right Honourable the Lord Keeper; to have and to hold all and Angular the Manor, Messuages, Tenements, Tythes, and Premises, except before excepted, unto the said Earl, his Heirs, and Assigns, for ever; rendering to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succefi'ors, the yearly Rent of 13 s. 4d. and all such other Rents and Services, if any such were, as were payable to his Majesty out of the Premises, or any of them respectively, at the Time of the Forfeiture thereof, as aforesaid: And his Majesty is pleased to grant to the said Earl all Arrears, and Melhe Profits, ariftn and payable to his Majesty out of the Estates late of the said late Marquis of Powys,w ithin the Counties of Northampton and gotnery, now about to be passed to the said Earl of j'urd; and also all Bonds, Mortgages, Debts, Sums of Money, Goods, Chattels, and other the l'erfonal Estate belonging to the said late Marquis; and forfeited, by reason of the High Trealbn by him committed. And such other Clauses and Provisoes arc inserted, as acre directed by Warrant under his Majesty s Royal Sign-Manual; countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of the 'Irea-fury; subscribed by Mr. Attorney-General.

A Grant to William Saunderson Esquire, of a yearly Rent of 2,5 Load of Hay, and 50 Quarters of Oats, re* forved on Two several Leases from the Crown, of the Site of the Tenement called Ndhercoalias Fast comb; and other Lands and Tenements in the Manor of

Greemcich; to hold during the Continuance of the said Leases.

May 1 696.

A Grant to the Right Honourable William Earl of Portland, of the Manor of Grantham in the County of Lincoln; Honour of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland; and Manor of Drack and Radheath, in the County of Chester, Manor of in the County of Norfolk-, Manors oi Pat ring ton, Hornsey,

T/ncyng, Burnesley, and Lexin the County of York;

all Part of the ancient Revenue of the Crown of and of the Manor of Pevcnscy, in the County of Sussex, Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster-, and of all other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, thereto belonging; to have and to hold the same to the said Earl, his Heirs, and Assigns, for ever, as of his Majesty's Manor Greemcich, in Kent, under the Rent of 135. 4 payable at Lady-day, yearly. And such Clauses, Powers, and Provisoes, are inftrted, as were directed by Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign-Manual; countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; subscribed by Mr. Attorney-General.

A Grant'to Colonel Edward Leigh, of 500 /. bequeathed by his Sifter, Margaret Leigh, unto Edu ard Lord Grif-jin, who stands outlawed for High Treason; by reason whereof, the said Legacy is become forfeited to his Majesty.

A Grant unto Charles Bertie, Samuel Travers, James Herbert, and Richard Poicys, Esquires, of all that Farm, called Nethercomb-Farm, near a

Tenement

*^.oo£ie

8W.III. 3 0 Decembris.°°9

Tenement in Kingstreet, in Depand a Ditch, or Piece

of Ground, there; a Ciofe, called West Bromfedd, there;

Saye's, Court, and Lands in Deptford aforesaid; Rents of Assize in East Peckham; Rents of Assize in,

and Treasury-Rents there; all in the County of Kent the Manor of East-Monkey; Ferries; the

Fishings there; Richmond Ferry; Two Tenements in

wark, called the King's-Benc/t, and the Crane; a Tene-

ment, called the Pike-Garden, there; and the Site of the Monastery of Sheen; all in the County of Surrey; and of the Lands called Northey, in and

Castle; and certain Lands and Tenements, called Oldbury and Seabeth; in the County of Sussex; the Rents of Amp thill Park, in the County of Bedford; Lands in Shotover and Stowood, leased to Mountague F,arl of Lindsey; other Lands there, leased to Sir Timothy Tyrrell; in the County of Oxon; and of the Manor and Park of Maty bone, in the County of Middlesex j and of a Third Part of the Dcmefnes of the Forest of Gillingham, in the County of Dorsett; the Agistment, Herbage, and Pannage, of the Forest of Maran, or Mondren, alias Mon-drent; . Copyhold Fines in the Manor and Hundred of Macclesfield-, the Bailiwick of the Hundred of mch; and the Fraternity of Ively; in the County of Chester; and of the Tythes of the Vicarage of Half ax, in the County of York; with their and every of their Appurtenances, Rents, Issues, Profits, and Hereditaments; except as is therein excepted; to hold to the said Charles Bertie, Samuel Travers, James Herbert, and Richard Powys, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of 31 Years, to commence from the Decease of

Katherine the now' Queen Dowager of England, or other Determination of the several Leases therein menllbned, now in being; yielding and paying the refor into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, the yearly Rent of 3 /. 18s. 4 id. at Michaelmas and Lady-day, by equal Portions. And such Clauses, Covenants, and Provisoes, are inserted, as were directed by Warrant under his Majesty'3 Royal Sign-Manual; countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; subscribed by Mr. Attorney-G eneral.

June 1696.

A Grant unto Alexander Johnstown Esquire, of One Annuity of 300l. chargeable upon several Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of York, late of Sir Roger Strickland, attainted of High-Treason; for the Term of 31 Years.

July.

A Grant to the Right Honourable Thomas Lord

Roby, of all Benefits, Profits, and Sums of Money due, and payable upon or for all and every Fine or Fines, to be levied in the Court of Common-Pleas at Westminster, for, or in respect of Fines, pro licentia concordandi, commonly called Post-Fines; to hold to the said Thomas Lord Raby, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of 48 Years, to commence from Michaelmas 1708, or other sooner Determination of a Lease of the Premises, now in being, under the yearly Rent of 2,27 61.;to be paid by half-yearly Payments, at Lady-day and Michaelmas, from the Commencement of the said Term. And such Covenants, Clauses, and Provisoes, are inserted, as were directed by Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sigri-Manual; countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury j and subscribed by Mr. Attorney-General.

A Grant to John Agar Esquire, at the Nomination and Desire of Arthur Earl of Torrington, of all that the House, and Site of the House, of Oatlands, and of all Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Appurtenances, thereto belonging, in the County of Surrey; and of a Messuage or Tenement, containing Eight Chambers, with the Appurtenances, situate in Serjeants Inn in Fleet street, now, or late, in the Tenure of Sir Tho. Rookeby, all which Lands, Tenements, Chambers, and Premises are come unto, and vested, in the Crown, by reason of the Attainder, and Outlawry, for High Treason, of Sir Edward Herbert, Knight; to hold the before-mentioned House, and

Vol. XI.

Site of the House of Oatlands, with the Appurtenances, to the said John Agar, his Heirs and Assigns for ever; as of his Majesty's Manor of Greenwich, in Kent, under the Rent of 134. 4 d.to be paid, at Michaelmas, yearly; to have and to bold the said Messuage, or Tenement, in Serjeants-Inn aforesaid, for such Term or Number of Years, as his Majesty is intitled unto, by reason of the Outlawry of the said Sir Edrward Herbert, without yielding any Rent whatsoever to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, therefor. And such Powers, Clauses, and Provisoes, are inserted, as were directed by Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign-Manual; countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; subscribed by Mr. Attorney-General.

A Grant to the Right Honourable John Lord Cutts, Baron of Gowran in the Kingdom of Ireland, of all that the Hundred of Dumford, and all other the Manors, Caf-tles, Towns, Rectories, Advowsons, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Goods, Debts, Chattels, and other Things, which were, by Inquisition, dated the 30th of May last, found to have belonged to John Caryl Esquire, who now stands outlawed for High Treason j to hold such Parts of the Premises, whereof or wherein the said John Caryl was seised, of or for any Estate or Estates of Inheritance of Freehold, to the said John Lord Cutts, his Heirs and Assigns for ever; and to hold such Part Of the Premises, whereof the said John Caryl was possessed for Lives, during the Continuance thereof; and to have and to hold the Goods, Debts, and other the Chattels, mentioned in the said Inquisition, to the said John Lord Cutts, his Executors, and Assigns for ever; rendering, for all the Premises, the yearly Rent of 135. 4 and such other Rents, if any, as were payable out of the Premises, at the time of the Forfeiture thereof. And such Powers, Clauses, and Directions, are inserted, as were directed by Warrant under his Majesty's Royal Sign-Manual; countersigned by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury; subscribed by Mr. Attorney-General.

A Grant to Thomas Hull Esquire, of the Market-place at St. James's with several Buildings there, now held by virtue of several Grants, or Leases, from the late King Charles the Second, to the late Earl of St. Albans; wherein Years will remain at Michaelmas next; to hold to the said Thomas Hall, his Executors or Assigns, for 99 Years, to commence from the Determination of the former Grants, under the Rent of 1 o per Annum.

The said Certificate.

WHEREAS a Tally was levied, and stricken, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, on the 1 oth Day of July last, purporting the Payment of 24,571 /. 5s- 4 by the Right Honourable William Earl of Portland, for the Purchase of several Fee-farm Rents; which Sum was directed or intended to bt; issued to his Lordship, as of his Majesty's free Gift, and Royal Bounty; but the same having not hitherto been received by the said Earland his Lordship desired the same might be vacated:

Thele are therefore to certify, That, in pursuance of a Warrant signed by the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, bearing Date the 29th of September 1696. That the said Tally, and the Counter Tally thereof, were cancelled; and a Vacat made on the Entry of the said Tally; and also on the Order or Directions, for issuing the same to the said Earl, as of his Majesty's Bounty.

Exchequer, 6th October 1696.

Ro. Howard.

Grants of

CrownLaads,

Ac.

Vacation of Grant to Earl Portland,

Army

Accounts.

6*0 3' Decembris. A- 1696.

The STATUE of the Army-Accounts.

The Paymasters of the Army are chargeable unto the 29th of September 1696, exclusive of ivbat has been paid to the Treasurer of the Ordnance r s. for Land-Service, with the Sum of - ----- - '6,984,698 15 loi

Then unpaid of their Proportion of what was given the last Sessions, for the Year 1696.....578,018 5 5*

Out of which rnuft be deducted, what they have brought into their Accounts, as received before the 5th of November 1688; the Disposal whereof is intermixed with other Payments undistinguishable; viz.

The Balance in the Earl of Ranelagh's Hands, £. s. d.

31* Dec. 87 - 3,985 '3 8*

What was issued to his Lordship, out of the Exchequer, between jft January 168-J-, and the 5th Nopembpr i6§8.....593,409 1 3

'7,562,717 1

597,394 *4 Hi

So fhq.t the Paymasters are to account, by reason of Issues from the Exchequer, from 5th ifovembpr 1688, to the 31 December 1696, including the above Sum of 578,018/. 55. 5* d. rgtpajning to be issued ouf of the Funds of this present Year 1696; and also by reason of several other Surqs, they pwqed tp have received in their Accounts to the 31 th ot March £. s. d. 1695, for the Sum of ----- ----- - - 16,965,322 6 4$

The full Pay of the fjprfe, Dragoons, and Foot, for such time as they were actually in Pay, from 5 itfov. 1688, exclusive, to 31 Dm cm. i6pt>, inclusive, computed by the Establishments, fpid particular Warrants, without respect to Refpits on the Muster-rolls, amounts to - 14>3°9>31' 8 7i

So that the Money issued to the Paymasters of the Army, including what is unpaid of the funds of 1(396, will exceed the effective Pay of the Army, from the 5 November 1688, to the 31 jXecpyiber 1696, frie Sum of - 2,656,010 17 94.

16,965,322 6 44.

sotW'ithstand, ing wlfrch, there will remain a very considerable Arrear, due to the Army, by geafpn of other Payments: An Account whereof, so far as the Accounts have been stated, being unto t\ie 3t March 1695, is as followeth; viz. £. d.

Pay to Garrisons, and for Fire and Caudle, to Ditto - - - 114,912 11 24.

Pgy to General Officers, by F.stablifUment, &c. - 296,214 — lii

Fdr pcvy-money, Recruits, and for Contingencies in general, and relating to the Regiments, General Officers, and Garilons - - - 537,543 12 6?

— ----- ----- ----- ----- --948,670 4 8£

Note, The Three preceding Articles are provided for by the Establishment.

For the Chagge of the Civil-Lift in Ireland, and for Exchequer-Foes,

; which Exchequer-Fees are not charged by the Earl of £ s. d.

but to the 31 December 1690 ----- -- - 171,737 1° 8f

For such foreign Troops as are npt allowed on the Establishments, as above computed; for Subsidies to the Allies; Forage in Flan; reformed Officers, that were not incorporated into Regiments - - - - 1,142,790 12 — j-

For what remains imprested, over and above what has been charged back upon the Array, for Provisions, Cloaths, Horses, Transportation,

See. and Payments upon special Warrants ----- - 955,543 12 — t

----- ----- ----- ----- 2,270,071 14 8$

3,218,741 19 4f

The extra Services, 8$c. to the 31st of March 1695, being - - 3,218,741 19 4P

And the full Pay of the Army to the 31th. December 1696, being - - 14 300,3 8 n

17,528,053 8 -1

And, whereas the Paymasters will be chargeable with.no more than. - 16,965,322 6 4i

£ 562,731 1 7 i

From, whence.it is evident, That the Sum, of( 562,73.11. 1 & together with all other Payments, for extra Services, and Loss by Tallies, since the 31. March 1(695, will remain in Arrear to the Army: But the exuft Sum can not be known, until the Ajccoqnts. ifrall be stated.

A STATE of the Navy-Accounts.

The Nay,-Accounts are not yet come in complete, further than to Michaelmas 1694. when the State thereof stood thus;

The total Charge of the Navy, from the 5th of November 1688, to Michaelmas 1694, in- £. s. d. eluding the Arrear due when those Accounts began, amounted to - -9,606,242.1511

From whence deduct;

What is therein included, as paid to the Treasurer of the Ordnance, and £ d,

by Privy-Seal.....- 98,871 17

More let off, on Account of Imprest cleared, being a double Charge - 248,671 13 4

----- ----- ----- --- 347,543 9 4

So

8 w. m.

3° Decembis.

6 ii

So the whole Charge, including the old Arreat, *54,84jJ ' t

including all extra Services, new Ships, and the 27 Ships, for which the Parliament provided, £.

f» tkr «s they were -baltt TO That lime; amounted to - - - - ' " 3 '

Of which was paid, to Michaelmas 1694 ~, ~ " "

And the whole Debt, in *11 the Offices, were, by Estimation -

6

Army d. Accounts;

- 7,774,000 U

- ,484,698,5

6

1

9,2.58,699 6 7

A role, There remained with the Treasurer, at Michaelmas 1694, Caffi and Tallies, towards clearing the Arrear above mentioned 594,108/. 6#. 3 There was given for the Service of the Navy, for the Year 1695, exclusive of 182,000l. for the Ordnance for Sea Service - - 2,200,712 ——

And for the Service of 1696, exclusive of the same Sum of 182,000l. for the Ordnance for

Sea-Services, and 16,972/. 5 s.for the Marine Officers, for the Year 1696 - 2,318,000 ——

Which when paid, and applied accordingly, it is feared the Debt will be rather more at the End of this Year than it was at Michaelmas 1694: But the Certainty thereof cannot appear to the Commissioners till the Accounts be brought in ». -

A STATE of the Ordnance-Accounts.

By the Accounts brought in to the Coirmiissioners from that Office, the Land and Sea-Services are not distinguisfi-able, neither in the Receipts nor Ifiiies of Stores: And therefore no particular State thereof can be prepared.

But, by general States received from the Treasurer of the Ordnance, it appears;

That the Money attually paid into that Office from the Exchequer, unto Michaelmas 1696, atnounted unto 2,341,634 /. 3s. 8 d.l; viz.

For Land-Service. For Sea-Service. TOTAL.

That has been paid - And there was then unpaid of the Funds of 1696 £ d. 1,232,679 3 5f 130/006 £. s. d. 1,108,955 — 3 112,000 £. s. d. 2,341,634 3 8f 242,000

1,362,679 3 5* 1,220,955 — 3 2,583,634 3 8*

That the above Sum of 242,000l. of the Funds of 1696, being paid; and, together with the Balance of Caffi and Tallies then in their Hands, applied to the Services to which they have been appropriated; the Debt remaining due at that Office, for all Services, between the 5th November 1688, and the 30th September 1696, would be - 58,321 6 2

2,641,955 9 11

So the total Service fn that Office, from the 5th November 1688» to the 30th of September 1696, will amoufit unto £, 2,641,955 9 11

STATE of the Arrear due to the Army, Navy, and Ordnance; as also for Transporting the Forces,; Army

according to the Accounts received from the respefitive Offices; viz. Arrears.

To the Navy, at Michaelmas 1696,

Due to the Navy, and for Victualling thereof. Ordnance excluded, £. s. as by Account from those Commissioners ----- - 2,495,919* — —

Deduct for Caffi and Tallies, resting at Michaelmas £. s. d.

1696 - -- -- - 737,909 3____

Also, for what remains unpaid of the Funds of 1696 1,336,929 19 3

----- ----- ----- - - 2,074,839 2 3

s.

190,000 —

Total Arrear due to the Navy, besides what the Services may amount unto from -

mas 1696, to 31 December following, to complete this Year ——

To the Army, computed to the 31th of December 1696; viz.

To the Forces that served in the War in Ireland, about

To dear all the English, Dutch, and Danes, to the

31 March 1696,. as by Account received from the Earl of Runela^h- -

To Ai n urs of Subsistence, due to the £: s. d. Army in Danders, to 3d Nov. 96 - 331,373 *6 — 1

To the like, in England - - 263,221 10

—— i:,537,707 n 2

943,112

s.

5

d.

2

_} 594,595 6 —

To which add,

To clear Subsistence to the whole Army, from the Nov. 1(596, inclusive, to the 31 December following,

being Eight Weeks, and Two Days, at 32,191/. 19$.

2 ii per Week, according to the Regulation - - 266,733 7 4

And the Arrears of Pay, from the lft April 1696, tb the 31 December 1696, is computed at - 320,000

586,733' 7 4

Arrears due to Three French Regiments of Foot, and the Regiment of

Foot commanded by Colonel Fred. Hamblelon, to the ill May 94, when QOO_

they came under the Earl of llanelugh s Care- -

2,326,440 1& 6

£ s. d.

421,079 17 9

Deduct

Vol. XT.

Bank of England.

Regulating

Elections.

3° — 40 Decembris.

012 i~ ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --- a. Ljecemnrtt

Dedu£k what renowned to be issued of the Funds of 1606, on the 2d / , a

»- > - - - 476,^43 5 5t t. , d.

1,850,197 I3 _ f

Due 30th of September 1696

To the Ordnance.

For Land-Service For Sea-Service

£ s. d.

'777/56 16 gi 283,766 17 2i

£ s. d. 461,523 14 — jin the Treasurer's Hands'! f For Land-Service 98,914 7 4 1 the 30th Sept. 1696 J \For Sea-Service 62,288 4 ioJ

Towards 1

which \ £ d. 161,202 12 2J

IToreceiveof the"| Land-Service 130,000-----

tFunds for 1696/Sea-Service 112,000

- 242,000 ——

Due at the Transport-Office, by Certificate thereof, from the Commissioners, dated 28 October 1696;

For Irish Transports ——

jC*

For Transport Ships, taken up in the Year 93 - 75,

For Interest of Ditto by Contract - - - "13,

Due to the Dutch, for Transportation

O Uf

5,552 14 111 3,221 15 1/

403,202 12 2f

330,769 10 7

88,774 10 —

20,000 ——

£ s. d. 58,321 1

439,544 — 7

£ 2,769,142 13 2f

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Said Copies of Dockets, and Certificate, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Nation.

Ordered, That the Said States and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England do, Tomorrow Morning, lay before this House an Abstract of all their Debts and Credits.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to Serve in Parliament was committed, the Amendments made to the Said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Same were once read throughout; and Some of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

"Amendment, Fo. 2. L. 10, to fill up the Blank, relating to the real Estate Citizens or Burgesses shall have,

with " 200 /."....

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Said Amendment, by adding " or having a clear Personal " Estate of 5,000l.; and making Oath thereof, before " the Magistrate or Officer making a Return And the Question being put, That the Said Words be added to the Said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Said Amendment.

The rest of the Said Amendments, being read severally a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A C'lause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the proper Officers for executing Writs of Elections to Parliament, for the Cinque-Ports, shall have Eight Days time after Receipt of the Writ, notwithstanding an Act of last Session, which allows but Three Days; it being found to be too short a time:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed: The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the YeaJMr> 5?

IMr. (jrzvynn.*

Tellers for the Noes, ^Cou"^' So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

157-

}iS3.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Credit of tin resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Nation, &t. consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation; and also of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 4* die Decemuris;

S* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Regulating Capital Burgesses, and other principal Inhabitants, Eledwus. of the Borough and Town of and

Regis, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is now depending the rein, for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; which, the Petitioners presume, is of the same Nature as that which pallid both Houses last Session; and will greatly infringe their ancient Rights and Liberties, if it should pass into a Law: And praying, That ' their Elections, in choosing their Representatives in Parliament, may not be restrained.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for woollen'Mi-Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures: And that nufadum. Mr. Bertie and Mr. Sand ford do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Henry Hobart, according to Order, presented to

the House a Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought India Silb, Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Callicoe,4t. and East India; and all Callicoes, printed or stained there; and the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Thursday Morning next, in a full House.

20

A Bill

8 W. III.

4° Decembris.

6x3

Preventing

Kfcapcs.

Privilege — Fiofecution for Kvidenre given before a Committee.

ol

57-

ing, r»s to to

A

rox

Eg

a:A

id

K

M

H

fiH

i;«

U

aoJ

to

*ar*

,rafS"Sr^,tog"dPr0feCU<i"gE'i, PeS Sjf&.-Jte last ElcOlion of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloan, Burgesses for he toldI Sir Owtge, It would be

Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Ash, Mr. Wharton, Lord Spencer, very unnecefi'ary for him to stand the roll; and that sir

Sir Francis Winington,\b\r. Poultney, Sir Richard Onslow, George did lay, That he had laid by 1,000l.; Air. Moiuitague, hir. Fleming, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John and had not (pent above 100l.; and had 900l. left, to Turner, Mr . Bahlxcyn, Mr. Molesxcorlh, Mr. Gzot/nn, Air. spend at the House of Commons:

Daniell, Mr. liar court, Mr. Blojeild, Mr. Ben, per, Sir IVm.

As bursty Sir lien. Colt, Sir Robert Cottony Mr. Gardner

Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Bravery Sir Cha. Turnery Sir Rozvla.

Gicyn, Sir Mann. IVyvelly Sir John Kay, Mr. Clarky Sir IVm. IVogan, Sir John Fleety Mr. Serjeant Bondy Mr.

Moorey Mr. Colt, Sir Cha. Carteret, Sir Robert Dovers,

Sir Wm.Coriton, Mr. 2 forgan, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. England; and all that are of the Long Rohe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do take care to prevent the Grievances by Spunging-liouics.

Colonel 11 barton reported, from the Committee of Privileges and LlcCtions, the Matter, touching a Complaint of a Breach of Privilege committed by Sir George Meggott and the Resolution of the said Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Complaint, against Sir Geo. Meggot, for prosecuting at Law several Persons, for what they teiiilied, at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the last Session, upon the hearing the Matter the Elefition for the Borough of South-

touching

icarlc.

That, to prove the Complaint, was produced,

Mr. John Huggins, an Attorney: Who said, He was employed to appear fur Mr. Malyn and Mr. Ladd, at the Suit ot Sir Geo. Jfrggot; Mr. Lake, the Attorney, having take n a W rit out against them: And, accordingly, he did appeal, and received a Declaration, severally, against either of them:

And, being asked, W here it was said ? he answered, At the time of Polling; but he knows not who heard it besides himself; but that he did discover this a Twelve-month since to Mr. Northy, and several others.

That there were no Witnesses produced on the other Side:

But the Counsel observed, That, as to the Matter te lied by Mr. Halsey, it was not now complained of, nor referred to the Committee:

And as to the prosecuting at Law of Malyn and Ladd, by Sir George Meggott, it was begun out of Ignorance; and that there was no Arrest: But Sir George, having thought himself injured by their Evidence, did think he might lawfully have done himself Right, by an Action: But, as soon as he was belter adviicd, he debited; and fuftered himself to he Noniuited; anti had paid them their Costs: And that he had Orders to say, from his Client, That he was \ery sorry if he hath hereby offended the Koufe.

That the Counsel did also submit it to the Consideration of the Committee, That the Witnesses here not being upon Oath, and lb not liable to be indicted for Perjury, it might be inconvenient, if there was no way to punish them lor any false Testimony they might give.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir George Meggott, having prosecuted at Law Tho. Malyn and John Ladd, for what they testified, at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the last Session, upon the hearing the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Southivarky is guilty of a Breach of the Privileges of this house.

The said

Copies of which Mere produced to the Committee- I Resolution, being read a Second time was.

And in those Declarations it is taken Notice, That A/,l/iouj/ fCfe ^uel11011 Put thereupon, agreed unto by the

Joicwchfemlent? E H were returned That the Cud Sir be taken

10 iu vc m l a: iiament, for trie 1ml Borough: That he, the r.

c.irl Sir GV. n...__________Z.s ..... l J , ,nto tllc of the Serjeant at Arms attending this

laid Sir Geo. JiJeggof, thought himself aggrieved by the said Return; and petitioned the House of Commons for Relict in the said Afatter: I hat the said Petition was referred to the C ommittee ot Elections; at which Committee the said Mahjn and I.add did, talllv and maliciously lay and affirm, I hat Sir Geo. A/eggotdid lay, If it colt him 500l. he would carry the Idee; 1011; and, if he could not have 'Justice done him abroad, he had Friends enough in the House to bring him in, right or wrong: And that the said Malyn and Ladd aiteruards, at the said Committee, did lalfly and maliciously lay and affirm thele Words; viz. " Sir Geo.Megg did lay, That, if it cost " him 500 or ],oooo/. he would have Right; and that he had Friends enough in the House to bring him in,

" notwithstanding, whether lie were elected or not:" By which means he M as taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns; and detained to the End of that Sessions; and put to great Expences, to his Damage of 3,000l.

That Mr. Lake did afterwards call upon him for Plea9 to the lin'd Declarations; and he did thereupon plead to them, leveraHy, the General Blue; Counsel having advised him so to'plead, the Declarations having not set forth the Words aright: That Mr. Huggins, afterwards^ called 'upon Air. Lake, to know it lie would try the said Caules

but Air. Lake told him, He would not further proceed, unless Sir George Maggot Mould give him Security to save

him harmless And "thereupon he gave Rules, and obtained Nonsuits, upon both Declarations; and 3/. 3* was allowed him in each Cause, for Costs; which he acknowleged he had received: But it was not near the Expences they had been at.

Vol. XI.

House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

The House being acquainted, That the Governor and Bank of

Directors of the Bank of England attended, according to England, Order;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, pre/ented to the House Two Papers: One intituled, Stock for the Honourable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; the other, A particular Lift of Tallies on Parliamentary Funds;.....inserted in the said Account of Stock.

And then withdrew.

R

And

4* — 5 Dec

And the said Papers were read, and are as follow; viz.

Stock for the Honourable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

Dr.

£ s.

To sundry Persons, for sealed Bank-) 8 a __

Bills Handing out - - .} 893,800-

To Ditto due on Notes, for running) 10 g

Cash - - - -J

To Monies borrowed in Holland - 300,000 — To Interest due upon Bank Bills)

Handing out -J

Balance - -

A. 1696.

Cr.

£. s. d.

17,876 ——

125,315 2 11

£.2,101,187 13 5

By Tallies on several Parliamentary)

Funds, as per Lift thereof an->1,784,576 16 5 nexed, with Interest -J

By Half a Year's Deficiency of the)

Fund of 100,000l. per Ann. in the > 50,000 ——

2d Year -J

By Mortgages, Pawns, other Securi- gg g __ ties, and Calli - - -J 1

£.2,101,187 13 5

London, November 10, 1696.

Examined by Order of the Court of Directors,

Per Tho. , Accountant.

The said Lift of Tallies on Parliamentary Funds.

£. s. d.

On the 4th Year's Land Tax - - 431,924 — 4

On continued Impositions on as/-)

India Goods On the 4th Year's Customs On the 3d Year's Land Tax On the Post-Office Security On the 2d Year's Customs On Wines, Vinegar, 8>c.

On the Coal Act -On the 3d Year's Customs On Marriages, §c.

On Joint-stocks On 4 Excrl'e -

On the Reversionary Annuities On the Salt-Act On Paper and Parchment Interest grown due thereon

-J

94,960 12 3

200

122,029

60,629

109,014

184,823

174,775

130,713

43i

2,884

24,667

141,865

250,000

11,310

44,345

15 4 1

13

18

19 13 12

1

19

16

4

4

9

7

8 8

3

6

1

1

2 2

6

5

£ 1,784,576 16 5

London, November 10, 1696. __________

Examined, by Order of the Court of Directors,

Per Tho. , Accountant.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House; who are to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation; and of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Ordered, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England do attend the said Committee.

contrary to the ancient custornary V/ay; which seems, with Submission, to incroach upon the Liberty of the Subject;

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; lb as their Confutation in electing their Representatives in Parliament may not be altered by any Law whatsoever.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of divers poor Tobacco-pipe-makers, within Duty on the Cities of London and Westminstern the behalf of Tobacco, themselves, and of all others of the same Trade within this plpes' Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the making a late Act for laying a Duty on Tobacco-pipes, the Pipe-makers throughout England are ready to starve for want of Employment, who before got a comfortable Livelihood; and the Reason is, there is not above a 5th Part made now of what was used to be made before the said Duty; which, though it is the Petitioner's Ruin, is but a very inconsiderable Income to the Crown: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises, by taking off the said Duty on Tobacco-pipes.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers in and about Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Clifton, of Houghton and Abigail Duty on

Pilmy, of Silkstoncin Yorkshire, Glass-makers, in behalf

of themselves and Servants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Duty laid upon

Rdohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Mon*, Clalj-warra by a late of Parliament, hath rendered

resolve itself into the said Committee of the whole House. tho, Pe"'°"ers "".capable of carrying on their Work,

and employing their Servants; to the Kuin of the Petitioners, their Families and Workmen: And praying. That the said Duty upon Glass may be taken off; whereby they may be enabled to get a Maintenance, and employ their poor Workmen, as formerly.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers in and about Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Bringing in A Bill to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mints, Plate to be to be coined, was, according to Order, read a Second time, coined. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 5* die Decembris;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Peculating \ P ET IT IO N of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Com-Piections. l\. mon-Council, of the Town and County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, That a Bill is deligned to be brought into the House, in order to alter the Methods of electing Members to serve in Parliament,

Ordered, That Mr. Elliott, Sir Thomas Roberts, Mr. Committee Brereton, Mr. Tanner, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Parker, ot Pnvi'e'>e‘' Mr. Dore, Colonel Trelawney, Mr. Mr. Colt,

Mr. H. Trelawney, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Praed,

Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Sturt, Sir G. Hungerford, Mr.

Northmore, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Sir Henry Hobart reported from the Committee ap* Coinage, pointed to inspect the Mint of London, That they had been at the fame, and taken an Account of the Money coined there, from the 20th Pay of 1695, to

the

8 W. III.

® Decembris.

615

,yt|1 pay of November lafi: And also of what Montes sent to each Mint in the Country And ofwhat Mills h,th to coined aVthe Mints in the Country: And also and Prelies were at each Mint: Which Ik presented to NamS of the Fellows of the Corporation of the House; and delivered in at the Table 1 Where the Moneyers, and their Apprentices; with the Labourers same were read; and are as follow, w«.

N< of 1 Tale of clipped Monies melted at the Exchequer. I Weight of clipped J Monies melted down I at the Exchequer 1 into Ingots. Standard Weight of those Ingots in the Mint Whole Tale proceeding from that Standard Weight Whole Coinage and Proportion of the Species in Troy Weight.

f. s. d. I lb. wt 02. d.wt lb. wt 02. d.wt. gr. £. s. d. lb. wt

1 348,499 5 6 59,899 2 5 59,365 11 9 19 185,120 10 i? November 28th, 1696.

2 179,818 29,905 6 15 29,524 11 18 — 92,081 10 6 754,490 whole Coinage.

3 502,687 84,165 1 15 82,521 11 12 4 257,161 1 6

A 155,857 1 24,899 li 15 24,254 2 11 17 75,659 11 6 366,446 Crowns and Half-Crowns.

5 139,263 *3,429 5 10 23,014 8 2 23 7i,592 315,334 Shillings.

6 97,213 17,054 3 5 16,731 9 6 19 52,021 5 1 72,710 Sixpences.

7 59,858 10,874 1 15 . 10,693 9 11 4 33,295 17 6

8 202,663 — — 36,281 11 10 35,639 10 8 19 111,006 16 3 754,490

9 1,005,253 >77,079 8 — 174,323 3 7 2 542,439 1 8

10 657,341 U4,434 5 15 112,769 023 351,047 3 6 November 30th, 1696.

11 547,069 92,024 7 — 90,5-29 4 10 20 282,033 9 — 368,606 Crowns and Half-Crowns.

12 790,708 11 2 131,837 3 10 - 4 — < 316,894 Shillings. 73,790 Sixpences.

‘C 4 j ,686,229 16 8 801,885 8 15 759,290 whole Coinage.

Whole Coinage in the Tower, from the lb. wt. ift of January 94, to the 30th November $6 763,474

Which amounts, in Tale, to about - £. 2,370,000

November 96

Paid to private Importers of Ingots Paid to Importers of Plate

fYork

Coined at the Bristol -several Country < Exeter -Mints - - Norwich -

Chester -

,173,000

- 55,oooo

- 66,000

- 30,000

30,000

28,000

- 15,000

7,000

£. 2,404,000

CHESTER.

William Nicolls, Moneyer.

Francis Is/y,

William Shcpphard, I

Jacob JVhyman,v Labourers.

George Dell, (

John Churchill, I

EXON.

William Chalkhill, Moneyed Daniel Hore, Apprentices John Temporally James Yates,

Clement Farmer,) Labourers. Richard Searcher,

Thomas Oldcll

>The Names of the Fellows of the Corporation of Moneyers, and their Apprentices, with the Labourers, tent to each Country Mint; as follow;

YORK.

Thomas Kemp, Moneyer.

Christopher Sutton, Apprentice.

William Harris,

Tower, December ift, 1696.

John Braint, Provost.

Labourers.

O L L.

Moneyers.

Labourers.

John Smith,

Thomas Pigg,

John Smart,

Clement Hyde,

B R 1 S

George Hopper,

John Hill,

Thomas Cocks,

.Andrew Pegg,

John Greene,

Calib Woodard,

John Grey,

NORWICH.

Edward Seabrook Moneyer, Thomas Seabrook,

Charles Stewart,

Moses Baker,

William Jones,

William Ashton,

Thoms Hyde,

William Scarrot,

William Lane,

Walter Bedford,

Thomas Bay/ey,

Charles JY exoman,

v© I- XI.

| Apprentices.

' Labourers.

The Mills, and Prefibs, at each Mint

At Exeter: Three Prefires; One for Sixpences, One for Shillings, and One for Half-Crowns: And One Mill.

The Wood-work for another Mill is preparing the re; and the Iron Mill will be ready to go hence the End of next Week.

At Bristoll: Two Prefies; One for Half-Crowns, One

which may be made use of for Sixpences and Shillings:

One Mill; and another will be ready to go hence about the 15 Instant: The Wood-work is there preparing in the mean time.

At Norwich: The same as at; and another

Mill going thither.

At York: For Prefies, the same as at Bristoll: And have but One Mill. And say they can coin 10,000l. weekly with that One only: However another is ready to be let up.

At Chester; The same Prefies as at Bristoll: And One Mill only: Which is conceived enough for that Place.

December 3d, 1696. Tho. Neale.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tabley to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in pass- E«fc of ing their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, be en read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Preventing prevent the Corrupting of Juries: And that Mr. Eduard Corruption Harley and Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the

Bill. The

9X

Goo^l

6\6

5° — 7° Decembris.

A. 1696.

Credit of the The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- That the ingrossed Bill for the further regu- Pectin*

Nation, &c.solved itself into a Committee of the whole Houl'c, to lating Elections of Members to l'crve in Parliament be LlecU<,llS'

consider further of that Part of..... Majesty's Speech read the Third time, upon Friday Morning next.

which relates to the Credit of the Nation; and also of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

A Member

di fell urged I'rumL'uLiody.

Deficiencies tot' Funds.

Bank of England*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That a Committee may be appointed to consider, and state to the House, the Nature of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds; and of the several Duties already voted; and how the said Deficiencies may be best provided for by the said Duties.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider, and state to the House, the Nature of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds; and of the several Duties already voted; and how the said Deficiencies may be best provided for by the said Duties:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir ITm. St.

Quintal, Mr. Ro. Ilarly, Sir Robert , Sir Edward

Seymor, Sir Herbert Crofts. Mr Sir Walter Yong,

Colonel Wharton, Mr. Palmes, Lord Ranelagh, Sir

Wm.Williams, Sir Rowland Sir Harvey, Mr.

Clark, Mr, Molyneux, Sir Era. Mr. Lcncndes,

Mr. Chancellor Exchequer, Sir Williamson Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Moor, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Henley, Mr. Boyle: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Eight a Clock in the Forenoon, in the Speaker s Chambers; and to fit de die diem.

Ordered, That Mr. Preston, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Ac- l'afe of counts, and Execution of their Ofiices, was read a Second Shentrs* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bridges, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Harley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sharkerly, Mr. Sir Museum, Mr. Mountague, Mr. lleveningham, Sir Roger Bradshaw, Serjeant Bond, Mr. dMr. St. John, M;. Onslow, S $ John Kay, Sir GElwcs, Mr. Fox,

Sir William Lowther, Sir Cha.Windham, Mr.

Sir Alarm. JEivdl, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Newport, Mr. Bozcyer, Mr. Brolherton Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Slcekdule, Mr. Nev Mr. Staines,

Mr. Bracer, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Mr.

Mr. JFlute, Mr. Palmes, Sir John B

Mr. Serjeant Wogan, M r, l'ulcy, Mr Sir

Cordon, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Ja. MounlaguMr. Mr. Chafe, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Lord Paw/ctt, Mr. Le Banks, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. Perry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five-a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to African

was read a Second time. Company.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ref Lived, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole iloule, to consider of the said Bill.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the said Committee of the whole House, That they had directed him to move, That a Committee may be appointed to inspect the Books of the Bank of England j^and examine into their Accounts given in to the House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect

the Books of the Bank of England; and examine into their Accounts given in to the House:

Ar.d it is referred to Mr. Cha. Mount ague of Durham,

Air. Edward Harley, Sir William Strickland, Sir all Ships and Efl'efts that brought

Fox, Mr. Evelyn, Sir GodfryCopley, Sir Wm. Lowther, the Service of the Plantations, t!

Mr. Cooper, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. ChampnyesSir

John holies, Mr. Foot Ondozr, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Hoar',

or any Five of them: And they are to meet in the Speaker's Chamber, on Monday Morning next, at Nine

of the Clock; and to adjourn as they shall think fit.

A Petition of the Alerchnnts and Planters, trading to, andinterested in, the Plantations 0 i Virginia and Maryland, "was presented to the Iloule, and read; letting forth, That the said Plantations are capable of great Improvements; but, for want of Servants to carry on the Work, many Plantations are^wholly deserted; chiefly occasioned by the unlawful Practices of the African Company, by lei zing

y. Negro Slaves for gi tiicy would not find so much as One Slave thither themlllvcs; whereby the Revenue is much dccrcaied, and Navigation discouraged; and the Consumplion of ourWoollen Manufactures much lessened: And praying. That the Trade to Africa may lie open to all his Majesty's Subjects; whereby the Plantations may be cheaply supplied with Slaves.

Ditto.

Credit of the Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That Nation, Sic.he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Ixave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Alorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation; and also of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Alorning, -Nine a Clock.

Luna,7° die 8° Guliclnii Tertii.

Prayers.

lank of r\RDERED, That a Copy of the Account of Stock, England. v/ an(j of Tallies delivered by the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England in to the House, be delivered to the Committee, who are to inspect the Books of the said Bank, and examine into their Accounts.

18

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa is committed,

A Petition of the Alcrchants and Planters, trading to, Ditto, and interested in, the I Hand of Jamaica, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Commodities of the said I Hand are produced by the Labour of Negroes; and are cheaper or dearer, according to the Plenty and Price of Negroes brought thither from Guilty: That whilst the Af rican Company exercised their Power, under Pretence of a Charter, the said lllar.d was not fuiliciently supplied with Negroes; and those that came were fold partially, and at extravagant Rates: That the Trade to Africa being open, or in a regulated Company, is the only nay to make the Jamaica Trade advantageous to England, and to sustain the Loss by the late Earthquake, and the Descent of the French, and Lofi'cs at Sea, to the Value of 1,200,000l.; That if the Trade to be restrained to a Company, in a Joint-Stock, it will be very prejudicial to the Jamaica Trade: And praying,

That the Trade to Af rica may be left free to all, or in a regulated Company, as that to Turkey.

Ordered,

3 W. III.

7°: — 8° De

6ij

Duty on Earthenware.

Letters of Marque.

‘ 4=3 I;.:

a

ny

;!.is

ilii

n'i*

Jj; ,ji',

to

e$

nJ

mt

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa is committed.

A Petition of Richard Crew, and others, on behalf of themselves, and many poor Journeymen and Artificers in the Mystery of Pot-making, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by Act of Parliament, a perpetual Duty is laid upon till Stone and Earthen-wares made within this Kingdom; which Duties are found to be of inconsiderable Advantage to the Crown, and utterly destructive to the Petitioners, for want of Work; their Matters not vending sufficient of the said Wares to pay the Petitioners Wages; all which they can prove: Ana praying, That they may be admitted to prove the Pre-miles; and that the House will relieve them therein, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers in and about Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Merchants of London was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in all former, as well as this present War, till lately denied by the Commissioners of the Admiralty, Letters of Marque have been granted to futh Merchant Ships of good Force, for whom tktired; which has encouraged Merchants to build many good Frigates and Gallies, to annoy the Enemy, and secure their own Trade, greatly loll in several Places, but now partly recovered by those Gallies; who, besides, have taken, as Prize, from trie Enemy, to the Value of 100,000l. within these Six Months: That France, Spain, and Holland, do freely grant Letters of Marque: and 'tis

publickly known what Damage those French Ships nave done to our Trade; and the good Service the English Letter of Marque Ships have done, who give Security to perform Instructions, and to carry One-half of their Complement Land-men; whereby great Numbers of Seamen have been raised fit for his Majesty's Service: That our Commanders are unwilling to go to Sea without a Commission , for without it they dare not seize on a French Ship, though lhe tails in their Way, for fear of being afterwards retaken by the French, and hanged for Pirates: And praying, That his Majesty's trading Subjects may have Lhe same Encouragement to annoy the Enemy, and defend and enrich themselves in their Trade, as other Nations give to their Subjects, by having Letters of Marque freely granted to their Ships of Ten Guns and upwards.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Walter Yonge. Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir JHeine, Mr.

liam, Mr. For, Mr. Price, Mr. Moor, Mr. Norris, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Ash, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr.

Mr. Bromley, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Bridges, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Thomas Dyke, Mr. Blo-feild, Sir Tho. Skipwith, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Mounson, Mr. Pitts, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Ryder, Sir Fra. Molyneur, Colonel Granvil!, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. I low, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Sloan, Sir

John Fleet, Mr. Taylor, Mr. MMr. Hamotul, Mr.

Pocklington, Mr. Bohun, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr.

cawen, Mr. Campion, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Palmes, Sir Henry Hobart, Sir Ashurst, Mr.

Champnyes, Mr. Foot Onslow, Mr. Mr. England, Mr. Colt, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Fra. Sir

Wm. Strickland, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Harvey, Mr Hayne: And they are to meet this noon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

V ol. KI.

After-

Ordered, That the Records, delivered into the House Record* re-by Mr. Harcourt and Mr. Tanner, and Mr. Goodman's tun, ed* Information, by Mr. Baker, be delivered back to them.

Ordered, That the Bill for examining, taking, and stat- Commissioning, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence trs of Ac* from the Expiration of the present Commission, be read a counts' Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- State of the refblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Nation, consider of the State of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 8* die Decembris;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

P R A Y E K S.

YiRDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Coal Wharfs, ascertain the Damages, and settle the Rents, upon &c-Coal-Wharfs and Way-leaves, within the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the Town and County of Neit'castle upon Tyne: And that Sir William Blackett and Mr. Carr do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Coparcenary the more easy obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparce- Lauds, nary, joint Tenancy, and Tenancy iu common: And that Sir W<n. Coriton and Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and brine in, the Bill. 8

A Petition of the Ship-masters, Seamen, and other In- Whitby habitants, of the ancient Town of Whitby, in the North Harbour. Riding of Yorkshire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town is one of the most commodious Harbours in the North of Ebeing capable of receiving 500 Sail of Ships, that may go out or in with any Wind fit to go to Sea in, either Northerly or Southerly; and is a great Nursery for Seamen. That^ the ancient Piers being much decayed, the Mouth of the Harbour is almost choaked up, and in Danger of being quite stopped up, unless the Piers be repaired; to the great Prejudice of the Trade of the Town, and Navigation; many Ships and Men having been loft for want of such Reparation; but the same cannot be done without the Assistance of the House: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for Repair of the Piers of the Harbour of the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Kay do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of divers Merchants trading to South Bar- African bary, on the behalf of themselves, and others trading to Company, those Parts, waB presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, have been Traders thither for about 100 Years, to the great Advantage to this Kingdom; by exporting the Woollen Manufactures, and importing Copper, and other Merchandize, from Barbary, and Bullion from Spain: That the Bill, now depending in the House, for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa, will totally deprive the Petitioners of their laid Trade; and, consequently, the Lois of it to the Nation; none of the African Company having traded to South Barbary: And praying, That their said Trade may be l'ecured to the Petitioners, as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

7 S A Petition

8* Decembris-

A. 1696.

African

Company,.

A Petition of she Clothiers, Serge-makers, Ironmongers, He was going to Sir William Tntmbatt\ and would dif-Cutlers, Pewterers, Comb-makers, and divert Other At- course him aboat it:

tificers and Tradeiined, of the City of Bristol \was pre- . Thatlhe wait again to his Lerdship; who then told her,

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the That her Husbana was a Rogue and a Villain; and that Petitioners have found, by Experience, that a free Trade he should be tried by a Court-Martial; and that he did to Africa doth carry off abundantly more of their Manu- not know but that her Husband had committed Treason: fiafitory, than when the same is confined to a select Num- That, at the fathfe^ time alto, toy Lord Portland told her,

Commissioners of Accounts*

That, if die would firtd Security for het Husband, perhaps he might come over again:

She further said, That there were two Petitions, One to the King, the Other to the Parliament, from several Officers and Soldiers turhed Out of Count s Re-

giment of Horse, which were intended to be presented, and were delivered to Conrade the 6th of March last; and the next Day Greibe Was apprehended by Kit-son; and, having continued in his Custody for about Ten Days, he was from thence hurried away, by a File of Mufr queteers of the Dutch Guards, and clapped on Shipboard, and carried to Brussells, where he now remains.

James Kittson, the Messenger, being called in, informed the Committee, That he had a Warrant under the Hand of Mr. Secretary Trumball, for apprehending Griebe, charging him with treasonable Practices; which he produced to the Committee:

That one Jacob Costen, Adjutant, belonging to Colonel

Way tand Means.

her of Men j and that a Plenty of the Product of that Country gives a great Encouragement to Trade; which if monopolized,' the Dearness will prove ruinous to the Petitioners: And praying, That the Trade to Africa may not be confined; but so regulated, as the House shall think fit

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa is committed.

r

A Bill for examining, taking, and dating the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Regiment, appointed the said to meet

to consider of the said Bill. him in the Park, in order to apprehend the said Griebe;

Resolved, That this House will then proceed to a new which he accordingly did; and having staid there fame

Election of Commissioners for taking and stating the time, and not finding the said Griebe, they went the next

publick Accounts. Morning, by Four a Clock, to s House; where the said Kitson, taking a Constable to his Assistance, seized

Resolved, That this Floufe will, upon Thursday Morn- him, and his Papers, and brought the said Griebe to his ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; and the Papers he carried to Mr. Secretary House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the s:

That some short time after, the said Adjutant Costing with another Person, came to s House, and order-

ed him to keep Griebe up a close Prisoner: Whereupon, the said Kitson waited upon Mr. Secretary Trumball, to know his Pleasure therein; who laid, That he mull keep him up close: And further faith, That, before such Order, the said Griebe had his Liberty in the House, amongst divers other Prisoners in his Charge; but afterwards Griebe was confined to a Chamber, where he had very good Usage: The said Kitson further informed the Committee, That, during the time the said Griebe was in his Custody, he

Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

IH(h Arrears- Ordered, That Mr. Harrison, Mr. Mason, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Whyte, Mr. Colonel Godfrey, Mr.

Thorn hag h, Sir John Kay, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Carteret, Sir Win. Hustler, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Moor, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Sir WLowther, Colonel 'Mr.

Cartwright, Mr. Monsteven Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Robert Bertie, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hadcuand other Troopers, who

served in the Wars in Ireland, in Colonel Fillers Regi- attended Mr. Secretary Trumball several times, to know

Greibe's

Complaint."

when he should bring the said Griebe before him, in order to b« examined; but Mr. Secretary did not appoint any time; and that the said Griebe was never examined, while in his Custody:

He further said, That afterwards the said Adjutant, with a Dutch Serjeant, and a File of Mufqueteers, came to his House, between Two and Three a Clock in the Morning, to demand Griebe out of his Custody; who asked them, what Authority they had to demand him: They said. They had a Warrant for the fame; and they produced a Warrant signed by the King, and countorligned by Mr. Secretary Trumball; upon which he delivered up the said Griebe to them.

The said Kitson, being demanded to produce that War-

ment, is referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mary Greibe w as referred, be received.

Mr. Brotherton reported, from the said Committee, the Examinations taken before them, in relation to the Matter of the said Petition; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee met, and proceeded upon the Examination of several Witnesses, in relation to the Matter complained of in the said Petition:

But there being several Examinations and Informations, upon which Conrade Griebe was committed into the Custody of James Kittson, One of his Majesty's Meffen- rant, by which Griebe was delivered out of his Custody,

?ers, for treasonable Practices, now remaining in the said, That he had it not; for that he delivered it to Mr.

lands of an honourable Member of this House; and which Secretary Trumball, at the Door of the Council-Chamber; the Committee thought very necessary to be laid before and that he had several times asked Mr. Secretary Trum-them; but having no Power to oblige the Honourable ball for the fame, but the said Mr. Secretary had not re-Member to produce them, they thought it not convenient delivered it to him; but told him, That he would proto proceed any further, till they had taken the Directions duce it to the Committee: And further faith, That the of the House in that Particular; and directed, that the said Warrant w as entered in a Book in Mr. Secretary Matter should be reported, so far as they had proceeded, 's Office; and that he gave Mrs. Greibe a Copy

specially, to the House, as followeth; viz. thereof in the Secretary's Office.

Mix. Greibe being called in, produced a Copy of the Mrs. Griebe, being asked by the Committee, Whether Warrant under Mr. Secretary Trumball's Hand, dated Kitson delivered her a Copy of the Warrant, by wdiich the 7th March 1695, for apprehending Conrade Greibe Griebe was delivered out of his Custody, said, Thatlhe for treasonable Practices. did demand a Copy thereof of the said Kitson; but he

Then lhe informed the Committee, That Ihe applied refused to give her a Copy; saying, She would make a herself to the Earl of Portland, in order to procure Bustle about it, and it would come to my Lord Portland's her Husband's Dil'charge; and his Lordship told her. Ears, and he would be angry.

Mr.

8 W. Ill

8* — 9* De,

619

Mr. Bridger laid, That he went with Mis. Griebe to delivering Conrads Grab* out of his CuAcxfy, be hroegbt Mr. Secretary Trumball's Office, and Kitson was there j to the said Committee.

and they denied him to let them fee the Warrant, by which Conrade Greibe was delivered out of his Custody;

but Kitson then refused to let her fee the fame, or to give her a Copy thereof.

That, in August last, he went again with Mrs. Greibe to Mr. Secretary Trumballs Office; and Mr. Secretary asked him, What the Woman would have; to which the said

j Bridgeranlwered, Fhat the desired to have her Husband, - — ..... m. ..vj ....

and Mr. Secretary was plealed to tell him, That he had House, That there being Occasion to examine the Lord done all that lay in his Power, and had fooke to my Lord Cutis and Mr. Vernon, Members of this House, in rela

Ordered, That the said Committee be revived; and do meet tills Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Juliice Eyres and Lords defirs Mr. Baron Powys: lA'av*<or

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this

Members to attend them.

Portland about that Matter; and said, That he believed Ihe might have her Husband again, if Ihe could find Security for him; to which Mr. Bridger replied. That no Man would be Security for another, unless he knew the Crime for which he was accused, especially he befog beyond Sea: Upon which Mr. Secretary laid,

That the King was advised he might lend away a Foreigner.

Mrs. Greibe, being called in again, and asked by the Committee, Whether ihe had a Copy of the Warrant, by which her Husband was delivered out of s Custody,

said, She had not; but that a young Man in the Office

tion to the Bill, intituled, An Act to*attain Sir John Fenwick Baronet of High Treason, the Lords desire, That they may appear in the House of Lords, when such Occasion shall require.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord Cutts and Mr. Vernon have Leave to appear at the House of Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in; and v^fr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.;

____, __________, o_____ _ _ ResThat an humble Address be presented to his Information

did begin to write a Copy, and then went in to Mr. Ellis, Majesty, by such Members of this House are of his to alk, as Ihe lupposes, Whether he might give her Majesty's moll honourable Privy-Council, That he will re

please to cause the Informations, in relation to Conrade Greibe, to be laid before this House. '

Copy thereof; and immediately came out again, and tore that which he had wrote.

Mr. Kitson, being demanded by the Committee, Whether he gave the said Mrs. Greibe a Copy of the said Warrant, as he had before positively affirmed, then said. That a Boy in the Office gave her a Copy.

Mrs. Greibe confefied Ihe law the Warrant in s

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Enquiry eoo-proceed to take into Consideration the Books and Papers, eerning the . which have been laid before this House, relating to the F*eet*

Fleet; and inquire how it came to pass, that the French

Hand, and read it; but denied that Ihe ever had a Copy Thoulon Fleet was not intercepted m going into Brest; thereof, either from Kitson, or the Boy, or any other Person and nothing to intervene: And that Sir George Rook,

whatsoever.

Mr. Johnson laid, That Colonel Rechteren, under Pretence of some Accounts depending between him and Griebe, caused the said Greibe to be seized, and carried to the Guard Chamber at St.James's; and Griebe sent for Johnson to advise with him what to do, he being an Attorney; and he went to the Guard-Chambers; and the Soldiers would not suffer him to go in to him, or lpeak with him; but, at last, he received a Letter from Mr. Greibe privately, by a Minister, who brought it to him in a Bible: Then he went and moved the Court of King's Bench for a Habeas Corpus, which was granted; and Mr. Greibe, by virtue thereof, was brought up to the King's Bench Court, and there bailed:

That, afterwards, the said Greibe brought his Action against the Colonel, who put in Bail to the same: And soon after the said Colonel arrested the said Greibe, on an Action for 1,000l.; who insisted upon special Bail, though he could not prove any thing sufficient to hold him to special Bail; whereupon, the said Colonel waslum-moned before a Judge, to shew Cause why Greibe should not be discharged upon common Bail; where the Judge told him, That if he could not make out his Debt, he must be forced to discharge him upon common Bail; and the said Greibe was accordingly discharged thereupon.

Mr. Clark said, That some Differences and Law-suits happening between Colonel Rechteren&nd Conrade Greibe, and he having many Years Acquaintance with Greibe, was desired by him to assist him:

That there was a considerable Sum of Money due from the Colonel to Greibe, which Greibe compounded, and was to receive 150 /. for 2501, or thereabouts, and the Day appointed for him to receive it; and Greibe desired him to go with him to receive it, he not being used to

Vice-Admiral Mitchell, and Sir Cloudesly then attend.

do

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,9' die Decembris;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

/ "ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Rede'i, ftc. naturalizing Frederick Christian Baron de Rede, Lord Nat.

A grim, and Godart Adriaen Baron de Rede, Sons of the

Earl of Athlone: And that Mr. Bridges do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of several Merchants of London, and Newfound-Owners of Ships, trading to Newfoundland, was presented land Trade,

to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Trade to Newfoundland hath been always accounted very beneficial to England; to destroy which, the French have lately taken and burnt several of our Harbours and Ships there, to the Loss of the Lives of many of the King's Subjects, and the Ruin of many Thousands more; and it is feared the French will utterly extirpate our Trade there, for the future, unless some considerable Force, both of Ships and Men, be sent thither early the next Spring, to re-establish our Trade:' And praying the Care of the House in the Premises, for the Preservation of the Trade to Newfoundland, for the Benefit of this Nation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

count English Money; but when they came to the Place Mayor, Magistrates, and Common-Council, together with

where the Money was to be paid, the Adjutant, Jacob Costen, drew his Sword at Greibe; and, if he had not interposed, believes the said Costen would have done him some Mischief.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Warrant, for Kitson the Messenger's

VOL.XI.

the Merchants, and . other Traders to the

of and from the Town of Dartmouth, and Parts adjacent

is referred.

Ordered, That the Acaount of Cruisers for this Year, Cruiser*. delivered in from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, be referred to ihe Consideration of the Committee, to whom

the

620 9* — 1°° Decembrls. A. 1696.

the Petition of federal Merchants of relating to

Letters of Marque, is referred: And they are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Promissory a Petition of several Merchants, and others, was pre-

N°tw. fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at present, there is a great Obstruction in Trade, for want of ready Money; which might be l'upplied, if the Buyers of Goods, of above 10/. Value, were obliged to give a Note, on damped Paper, for the fame, payable at a time certain; which Notes to be assignable from one to another; and, if not punctually paid when due, to be obligatory as Bonds, and to carry Interest; by which means Credit will be the better established, and Debts secured: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the obliging Buyers of Goods to give Notes for Payment at certain times, and to be assignable: and, if not paid when due, to be obligatory as Bonds, with legal Interest.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William $L Quintin and Mr. Palmes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Minors' A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and

Estate‘ Sir Richard Half ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Manor of Treyagoe, in the County of Heres ord, and other the Lands late of Crompton Minors Esquire, deceased; and for raising and increasing the Portion of Theodosia Minors, the Daughter of the said Crompton, the being an Infant of the Age of Seventeen Years: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Abuses in A Petition of John was presented to the House,

Meet Prison. and read; setting forth, That, about Four Years since, he obtained a Decree in Chancery against one William War, for 6,404 /. besides Costs; and War, being in Contempt of the Court for Non-payment, was committed to the Fleet Prison; but, being at Liberty, the Petitioner sent to the Fleet about it; and Mr. reputed Farmer thereof, owned, that he let him out for a considerable Gratuity: after which, on Petition, the Lord Keeper ordered Ware's Confinement; yet he had his Liberty; and then, upon Petition, the Lord Keeper ordered the Warden of the Fleet, who is a Prisoner himself, to pay the Petitioner 50 I. iu Part of his Cost, which he has not done, or to stand suspended: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better preventing and prosecuting Escapesis committed.

Excise A Petition of the Company of Brewers of the City of

Duties* London was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have always submitted to the Payment of great Sums of Money for Excise, and might hope for all the Favour thatconfifts with Justice; but, instead thereof, they daily suffer very unjust Exactions, as the Commissioners of Excise construe some Clauses in a late Act of Parliament, intended for the Petitioners Advantage: And praying, That they may be heard to make out their Hardships; or be otherwise relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Sir Gerv. Elites,

Sir Jo. Wolstenholm, Sir Just. , Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Brewer^ Mr. Taylor, Mr. Stone-house, Mr. Rider, Mr. Gery, Mr. Sir Wm.

Ashurst, Sir Wm. Ellis, Sir John Banks, Sir John Kay, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Sam. Bar-mrdiston, Mr. White, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Ash, Sir Wm. limes, Mr. Pei'ry, Sir Francis Molyneux, Sir Walt,

Tong, Mr. Mason, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Meth-win, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Mr. Hob-

lyn, Mr. Stockdale, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Molyneux,

Sir Cha. Sidley, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Gardner: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, in behalf of themselves, beficienciei and many others, who advanced and lent Money on the Credit and Security of the Duties upon Glass-wares, Coals, and Culm, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the Credit of an Act of Parliament, made in the 6 and 7th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for laying a Duty upon Glass-wares, Coals, and Culm, fyc. the Petitioners did advance the Sum of 564,700l.; but by another Act, of the last Session, for continuing to his Majesty certain Duties upon Salt; and establishing a National Land-Bank; the said Duties upon Glass-wares,

Coals, and Culm, which were a sufficient Fund, were taken off; and the Petitioners were to be paid out of the Sum of 2,564,000 /. to be raised by a National Land-Bank, which did not take Effect; so that the Petitioners are unpaid their Money, and deprived of their Security; and ruined, if not otherwise provided for by the House: And praying. That they may be restored to their former Securities, or that their Debt may be transferred upon the next Aids granted by Parliament, according to a Proviso, in the first-mentioned Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider, and state to the House, the Nature of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds; and of the Duties voted; and how the said Deficiencies may be best provided for by the said Duties: And that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the fame, specially, to the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Enquiry ceeded to take into Consideration the Books and Papers, concerning laid before the House, relating to the Fleet; and to in- lhc 1 quire how it came to pass, that the French Fleet

was not intercepted in going into Brest.

And Vice-Admiral Mitchell, attending, was called in, and examined:

And he produced to the llouie, a List of the Fleet left with him at Cadiz.

And then he withdrew.

The said Lift was read.

The Letters of Admiral Russell, dated the 29th of September 1695, were read.

And Admiral Russell produced a Copy of a Letter from the Duke of Shrewsbury, dated the 17th of 1696:

Which was read.

And, after some time spent in Consideration of the said Matters;

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Candles be brought in;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^; m. }112*

Tellers for the Noes,{ } 15°'

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till To . ... Morning, Ten a Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Decembris;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Minors' for the Settlement of the Manor of Treyagoe, in the County of Hereford, and other the Lands late of Cromp-

ton,

8 W. III.

iq° Decembrist

621

ton Manors F/quire, deceased: and for railing and in- of; the said Silk being chiefly the Product of our Woollen

creating of the Portion of Theodosia Mynors, the Daugh- " — r Q ----- ----- - L ----- ----- ----- t> —

ter of the said Crompton, lhe being an Infant of the Age of Seventeen Years; was read die First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Importation of Irith Worried.

Manufactures: That above 200,000 Personswere lately maintained by their laid Trade; which will be utterly ruined, in cale the Bill, now depending in the House, 'to restraih the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and and all Callicoes printed or stained there, should not pals into an ACT:. And praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, what they have further to offer,: in behalf of the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till the said Bill be read a Second time.

, ).

A Petition of John Bague, and John Jeston, on behalf Duty on

A Petition of the Worsted-comhers, Spinners, abd other poor People employed in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the City of Bristol/, was presented to the House, and read: letting forth, That several Merchants, and French Protestants, who make Worsted Cloths, called Cantaloons, living in and about Bristol/, do import from Ireland such vast Quantities of Irish W orlteds, under Pretence of Bay Yam, that very little English Worsted hath been there used since such Importation, for Seven Years of themselves, and other Glass-makers in and about Glass.

bridge, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners employed many Hundred Families in the making Glass-bottles, till a Duty was laid upon Glals; which hath put a Stop to the Petitioners Trade of making Bottles; lb that they have not wrought One Day since the Duty commenced; whereby they muff inevitably be ruined, if the said Duty be continued: And praying, That the said Duty ypon Glals-wares may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom a former Petition of the Glals-makers, in and about the said Town Of Stourbridge, is referred.

Mr. Poclclington, according to Order, presented to the Iarolling

past; to the Ruin of the Petitioners for want of Work; the Cheating of his Majesty in his Customs; and Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacture of England: And praying, That the Importation of the said Irish Worsted may

be prohibited; or the Petitioners otherwise relieved; as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Colt, Sir Francis Massam,

Mr. How, Sir Hen. Colt, Lord Cornbury, Sir Hairy Hobart, Lord Die by, Mr. White, Mr. Carey, Mr. Ashby,

Mr. Hex'eningham, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Bnr-

rard, Mr. B/aake, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Foley, Sir

Math. Andrews, Mr. Runlet, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Tho. Day, House a Bill for the more eaiy Acknowledging of Deeds Deeds.

\ il A \ \ \ \ T M 1 t I / i* /* 4 IV ! % M rm # K a H «na ittvV a a- % y~v ape J a a m 1,) J . A w-J 4tm

Eitto.

Mr Onslow, M r. Nicholas, Mr. Knight, Mr. Gardner,

Mr. Norris, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Mr. Sir I Cm.

Ashurst, Colonel Perry, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Waller, Sir John Kay, Mr. England, Mr. Bhtfeild, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. /.outlier, Mr Mr. Clarke, Sir

Tho. Roberts, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr. Speke,

Mr. I.aufon; and all that serve for the Counties of Wilts and Gloucester, and the Western Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders dwelling within the Borough-Town of Biudifin the County of von, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Importation of combed Wool, and Worsted

in the Country, in order to be inrolled: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Bollesreported from the Committee appointed Bank of

to inspect the Books of the Bank of England, and examine England, into their Accounts given in to the House, That they had inspected the Books, and examined into their Accounts, accordingly; and had directed him to report the Matter thereof to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That as to (lie Item, of 893,800l. the First Article on the Debet Side in the said Account; it appeared, by the Books of the said Bank, to be the Balance of a Debt

Yarn, In' the Name of Lay 't arn, from Ireland, is a very due to sundry Persons, for lealed Bank- Bills standing great Discouragement to Merchants, an utter Ruin to the out:

Combers, Spinners, &;c.and a Prejudice in general to the Woollen Manufacture of England: And praying, That a Duty may be laid upon all combed Wool and Yarn brought from beyond the Seas.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be relejTed also to the said Committee.

Prohibiting A Petition of the Linen-drapers trading in East India Lidia Silks, Silks, Bcngals, and Callicoes, in behalf of themselves, Ca icoe*,&c. ancj many others, was presented to the House, and read;

That as to the Item of 764,196/. 1 os. 6d.it appeared to the Committee, That 68,669/. 6s. id. Part of that Sum, hath been issued out in Notes, called Specie Notes; which carry Interest, if for 20/. or upwards, at the Rate of 61. per Cent.; of which Specie Notes there were reckoned to be about One Third under 20/. which pay no Interest; and that 695,527/. 4$. $d. Remainder of the 764,196/. ioj. 6d. was issued out by Notes, for running Cash, without Interest:

That as to the Item of 300,000l.; it appeared to be

letting forth, That the Bill now depending in the House, the Balance of a general Debt, contracted, and remaining for restraining the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Ben- due to the States of Holland; and that, for the Security gals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East of the Re-payment thereof, they say, the Dutch Am-India, and all Callicoes printed, will deprive the Peti- bafl'ador hath in his Custody Tallies belonging to the doners of the greatest Part of their Trades, and many Bank:

Thousands of other Persons that depend upon them: And That as to the of 17,87 it appeared to be a praying to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the Sum computed to be due for Interest upon Bank- Bills House, against the said Bill. Handing out; but that there could be no exact Certainty

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table therein, till the Bills themselves came in, for the better

Ditto.

until the said Bill be read a Second dme.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and

ascertaining the lame.

That as to the Item of 1,784,576/. 1 5d. the First

Article on the Credit Side in the said Account of Tallies

Commonalty, of the Occupation, Art, and Mystery, of on several Parliamentary Funds;

Weavers, of London, on behalf of themselves, and Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have attained to such Perfection in the making all manner of curious striped and figured Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Wool and Silk, that they do equalize, if not excel, the Universe, in making the re-Vol. XI.

There appeared to be entered, in their Books, Tallies for the Sum of And they produced Orders, and Tallies, which were not entered in their Books, for the Sum of - -

And for Interest from the lft of

7 T

1,520,407

s.

13

d.

9

219,823 18 3 Abril

Discount oi Bank- Bills.

Redelivery of a Paper.

Wajs and Mean*.

Candles.

622 *o°~i i° Decembris. A. 1696.

April to the id of November 1696, £. $. d. , for the Service of the Year 1697; and to fit, de

not entered in their Books, for - - 44,345 4 5 die in diem, in Consideration of the said Ways and Means.

Which said Sums make up the! Item of - - - - /

*>784,576 16 5

d.

10

1

8

But it did not appear by their Books, after what Sums the said Tallies were payable, upon each respective Fund:

That as to the Item of 50,000l. for Half a Year's Deficiency on the Fund of 100,000/, per Ann. the same appeared so by their Books:

That as to the Item of 266,610/. 17 upon Mortgages, Pawns, other Securities, and Cash; it appeared to consist of the several Articles following;

By Caih, per Balance-Book - 35,664 1

By Goldsmiths Notes, as per Ditto, 5,636 14

By private Loans, Mortgages, fyc. as by the Abstrafit of the Leiger - 42,160 —

By Tickets on the Million Adventure ——

By Bills discounted, not yet received By Chamberlain-Certificates discounted -

By Money due from Holland', entered here, because the Tallies deposited are so much short of the Credit the States have of 300,000l.

By Caih remitted, more than drawn; in regard there is so much due to the Governor and Company, after the Credit of the States of Holland is satisfied Unpaid, on account of the Stock of 1,200,000l. for which Bonds are given, and may be called in; therefore reckoned as Caih - 101,755 ——

1,320 ——

16,746 16 4

1,644 10 —

30.176

27,507 12 4

f 266,610 17 —

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, wl.o are to consider of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Froom,

Brewton, and other Places thereunto adjacent, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the high Discount of Bank- Bills, and the Non-currency of Money, the Petitioners are constrained to lay down their Trades, to the Ruin of many Thousands of poor People who live under them: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Paper delivered in by Vice-Admiral Mitchell be re-delivered to him.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjourn-That the House be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, ment-Nine a Clock;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes,{j£;

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the further regu- Regulating lating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be Elections. read the Third time upon Saturday Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Veneris, 11# die;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Bill to restrain the Wearing prohibiting

of all wrought Silks and Bengals.....into this India Silks

Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes Callicoes,&c. printed or stained there, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Sevennight.

A Petition of sundry Merchants, and others, of the African City of London, relating to the Trade to Africa, and the Company. Plantations, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade to Africa is of great Importance to England; and might be much enlarged, if all Persons had free Liberty to trade thither without Molestation: That they conceive, by a Company, under such Regulations as that to Turkey, all necessary publick Charge might be maintained better than by a Company with a Joint-Stock; and the Trade thereby be best improved:

And praying, That they may be heard before any Bill do pass to confine the said Trade to a Company with a Joint-Stock, exclusive of others.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa is committed.

A Petition of Phillip Meadou'es Esquire was presented Petition of to the House, and read; setting forth, That # # Wr- Me*

# dowes.

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sit Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And, being brought in;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houfo, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against

25

A Petition of Arthur Shallet, John Travers, and An- Irish thorn/ Wilks, for themselves, and all others concerned in Transport the Transport-Debt for the Reduction of Ireland, was I)ebt‘ presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That # # *

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider, and state to the House, the Nature of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Avon make the River Avon, between Bath and navi- Navigation,

gable: And that Mr. Freke and Mr. Clark do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Di<uila« alty, of the City of Bristoll, was presented to the House, from Walt, and read; setting forth, That Wheat being dear, many People make their Bread of Barley, which is near 4

per

8 W. III.

font.

Coal-wharfs,

&c.

)W

Answer to Address.

]nn r L.

-1'- Army Debt.

.as hv J

oes m

the _va the ifc-let-ior-

:ail

) rna

i a

f(j; Committees.

an

th a Ways and

Means.

m

:,to

le t)

a£:'

t;

tU

alii

I in!'

was'

'hat

rid

,tif

fit?

Iff Mynors*

tfr Estate.

I*

11* — t'a° Ddcembris. 623

per Bushel, and is like to be d caret1; so that the Distilling on Malt will light heavy on the Poor, both in Bread and Beer: That the limiting Distiller* to the Use of Materials by Act of Parliament, and particularly to Malt, is very prejudicial to the Trade of Distilling, discourages our Navigation, lessens the Interest of our Plantations, and does not increase the Revenue: And praying the House to consider the Premises, and the Necessities of the Poor.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir William Blacket, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for ascertaining and settling the Rents upon Coal-wharfs and Way-leaves within the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, and the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Thursday Sevennight.

Sir Henry Goodrich acquainted the Hpufe, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he w ould please to issue his Royal Proclamation for the Apprehending of Mr. Grascomb; his Majesty had been plea led to give Directions for a Proclamation accordingly, with a Reward of 5001.; as was mentioned in a former Proclamation.

A Petition of James Corbier, Shoemaker, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner served the Regiment commanded by Brigadier Bel-cast le with 800 Pair of Shoes; and that Janson de Tude-bcuf, Agent of that Regiment, had received the Money for them, but refused to pay the Petitioner; w ho is threatened to be laid in Gaol by his Creditors for those Goods: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John llahewelland Alexander Cambell, on behalf of them-

lelves, and other Troopers who served in the Wars in Ireland, and served in Colonel Fillers' Regiment, is referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-lolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Littleton took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 12* die;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Settlement of the Manor of Treyagoe, in the County of Hereford, and other the Lands, late of Crompton Mynors Esquire, deceased; and for raising and in-

creasing of the Portion of Theodosia Mynors, the Daughter of the said Crompton, the being an Infant of the Age of Seventeen Years; was read a Second time.

VO L. XI.

Resolved, That the Bill be cbttnxuttted to Mr. Price,

Sir Nath. Nappier, Sir Hen.Colt, Mr. Morgan, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Newport, Sir Cha.

Turner, Sr John BoUes, Mr. Thomha Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hcccningham, Mr. Colt, Lord Spencer,

Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Frames, Mr. Gery, Mr. Hetily, Mr. Mr.

Bohun, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Bdldwyn, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Wm. York,

Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Slater, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Onslow; and all that serve for the Counties of Hereford,

Worcester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Prohibiting Poor, and ancient Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Spittle Inditt Silks, Fields, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Mid- Calicoes, dlese.v, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That their Poor are grown extremely numerous, by reason that many Weavers have left their Wives and Children, and gone into the King's Service, for want of Work; and many substantial Housekeepers, who used to pay to the Poors Rate, are now become Objects of Charity; but the Petitioners are not able to assist them;

Trade, in a manner, being extinguished amongst them:

And praying the House to consider of feme effectual Means, whereby the Weaving Trade may be encouraged.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Wiltshire and Gloucestershire Clo- Ditto, thiers was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the East India Company have of late Years, exported great Quantities of our Woollen Manufactures; and thereby preserved the Petitioners, and numerous Families depending on them, from very great Straits:

That a Bill now in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, will much hinder the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures: And praying. That they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the Com- D‘tw-pany of Worsted-weavers in the City of Norwich, and County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the said Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Livelihood depends upon the making of Woollen Stuffs, or Stuffs mixed with Wool and Silk; which Silk, for the most part, is the Return of our Woollen Manufactures exported; by which means many Thousand Families are employed: That this Trade was formerly muc!) obstructed by the great Quantities of East India Silks, Callicoes, <$r. imported hither; but since the East India Company have been under feme Dif-couragements, the Weavers Trade has much increased; and they have attained to such an Art in making figured and other Stuffs, that they very well answer the Use of East India Silks and Stuffs, and are used by almost all Sorts of Persons; by which means, a much greater Number of poor People were employed, and a much greater Consumption of our Wool w as made: That vast Quantities of East India Silks, and Commodities, have been lately imported; whereby the Petitioners laid Trade is greatly lessened, and vast Numbers of poor Persons turned out of Work; and many Thousands more must shortly want Employment, unless the Importation of the said East India Manufactures be reltrained: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silk* and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia

and

Duty on Glais-

Payment of Bank- Bills.

African

Company

Stock.

Hammered

Money.

Call of the House.

Ways and Means.

624 i a* — 140 . A. 1696.

and Fast-India, and all Callicoes printed or flamed there, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mailers and Servants belonging to the Glass-works in Lynn Regis, in the county of ,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners formerly supported themselves, and Families, by making and vending Glass-bottles; but since a Duty has been laid upon Glass-wares the Consumption of Glass-bottles. is so lessened, that the Petitioners have not been employed since, nor are likely to be so, if the said Duty be not taken off: And praying a Discontinuance thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers in and about the Town c.f Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, is referred.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Landholders, Weavers, and others, of Chippenham, and other adjacent Places, in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That the Clothing Trades, which is the chief Support of the Poor, is very much obflruCled, by reason that altnoft all Returns are made by Bank- Bills; which are so ill paid, that such as take them are necessitated to fell them at great I.ofs; to the Diminishing their Stocks, and the Discouragcinent of their Trades; so that many Families are already reduced to great Ncctffities; and many more must be so, unless fotne speedy Relief be given: And praying the Iloule to take their declining State into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Brother-ton, Mr. While, Mr. Clark, Lord Mr.

Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Pelham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir3farm.

Wyvell, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Blake, Sir Carterett, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Mr.

zeyn, Mr. Manley, Sir Sam. BSir John Parsons, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr. England, Mr. Price. Mr. Cooper, Sir Rowland Sir ,7 in.

Bowes, Mr. Fleming, Lord Paw let. Sir Walter Yong, Mr. Foley, Mr. Smith, Sir Robert Mr.

Mr. Guy tin; and all that serve for the Counties of Wilts, Dorset, Somerset, and Gloucester: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company do lay before this House an Account of the Value of their Stock as it now stands.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and bad directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying ... the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Dunce, 14* die Decembris;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of Archibald Lonrimor, Jacob Petition Smith, and others, in behalf of themselves, and ralaung to other the Soldiers, under the Command of Colonel a Member. Bycr/y and Colonel Wyndham, for Reducing of Ireland, was presented to the House:

And, Colonel Byerly not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Officers in the Exchequer, concerned in passing Sheriffs Accounts, was presented Sheriffs, to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, depending in the House, for the more easy Palling of Sheriffs Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, is, in several Parts thereof, contrary to the Constitution of the Exchequer, and prejudicial to the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to naturalize Frederick ChrisliatmBaron de Rede, Rede's, 4c. Lord Agrba, and Godart Adrian Baron de Rede, Sons Nat. of the Earl of Ath/one; and others; was presented to the Lloufe.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir William Bowes, Mr. Liddell, Mr, puty on Dowdeswell, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. J\Iountague, Mr. Glaft. How, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Morris, Mr. Sir

Cha. Carterett, Mr. Bickerstaff, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Morgan, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Cardo and Fdxcard Bought on ,on behalf of them-

selves, and others, Glass-makers, in and about Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, is referred.

A Petition of sundry Merchants, and Traders, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Officers of the Mint have refilled to coin several Parcels of hammered Money, pursuant to a late Act of Parliament for that Purpose; to the great Disappointment of the Petitioners, who want new Money to carry on their Trades: And praying the House to take the Matter into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Wednesday Sevennight; And that such Members as shall not then attend, be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, te-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Vexatious prevent vexatious Suits in Law and Equity: And that Suits. Mr. Ilarcourtdo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven- Bringing in night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Plate to b« to consider of the Bill to encourage the bringing Plate comti-into the Mint, to be coined.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Coinage, take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom Relief of the Bill for Relief of Creditors was committed, That they Creditors, had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put upon all of them, but Clause A, severally agreed unto by the House.

Clause

IV

tf

i6.

ttee, r to

ibey

‘nioff

; the

8 W. Ill

140 — 150 Decembris.

625

kb and *T lo«l>k

H

XL

-ult

!uer' Li ntedVi-

g 01

is,

in of

:ljrf

ilioa

lii<

m k

1

Mr, ft ft* Sir

aci

!ea>

tW*

Ims IDS

01'

ile, fe

ite'3

12, (5

Bit

ti

iii

c

1

1!

0

Clause A being read a Second time; the Purport whereof was, That, whereas many Places within this Kingdom do pretend a Privilege exempt from the Power of the Sheriffs, it shall be lawful for the Sheriffs, and their Officers, to execute any legal Process within such Places, any Custom to the contrary notwithstanding;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Masham, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Slater, Mr. Norris, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Campion, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Foley, Mr. Moun-

tague, Mr. York, Mr Stockdale;and all that serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chain tier; And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is to he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive Clauses, to preserve the Fines, and other Bights, of Lords of Manors.

Excite

Duties.

A Petition of John Bryan, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the common Brewers, inhabiting within the City of Rochester, and Parish of Chatham, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have, with great Difficulty, paid several Duties of Excise, pursuant to divers Acts of Parliament; but by reason of several Clauses in the said Acts, they have endured great Hardships; but, more particularly, by reason of lbme Clauses in a late Act, for laying several Duties upon low Wines,; which are lb very grievous, that the Petitioners cannot exercise their Trades if the same be continued: And praying,

That they may be heard to make out their Grievances; and that they may be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Brewers of the City of London is referred.

A Petition of John Pinks, on behalf of himself, and Warner'* Alice Crow, Sarah Pinks, and Judith Lega- Estate.

tees of Eliz.Pinks, decea fed,w as presented to the

and read; letting forth, That EdmundWarner, deceased, was indebted to the said Elis. Pinks in 100l. principal Money, on a penal Bill; which Ihc devis d to the Petitioners: That there is a Bill in the House for explaining a former Act of Parliament for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of the said Edmun Warner, for Payment of his Debts; which Bill, it it tliould pass, will, as adviled, defeat the Petitioners of their laid Legacy: and praying fuel) Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Leave of Abfeoce.

Ways and Means.

A Petition of Henry Gentleman was presented Ditto,

to the House, and read; felting forth, That Edmund Wtu deceased, was indebted to the Petitioner 460 /. at the time of hi» Death; which his Widow and Admi-Ordered, That Sir IPilliam Thomas have Leave to go niftratrix refuleth to pay: That there is now depending " i k,‘n r"'1" " in the House a Bill for explaining a former Act of Parlia-

into the Country, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Stanley have I,cave to go into the Country, his Lady and Family being very ill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Mr- Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House to cou-fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

merit, to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of the said Edmund I Tamer for Payment of his Debts; whereby, the Petitioner's Debt not being thereby provided for, he will be in danger to lose it; notwithstanding, before the Palling of the said former Act, Mr. Hawes, the Widow's Father, and by whole Content the said Estate is to be sold, promised the Petitioner, That his laid Debt should be provided lor by the said Act, though it is not: And pray ing, That he may be heard before the now Bill pals and that lie may be relieved according to Justice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

refi lied to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for the more ealy acknowledging Deeds in the fm-oUinc Country, in order to be inrolled, was read a Second time. Deed*. And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine a Clock.

Morning,

Warner's

Estate.

Martis, 15* die Decembris;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act explaining a former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and preferring the rest for the Benefit of his Heir, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Sa. -nardiston, Mr. Whitaker, Doctor Oxenden, Mr. Gardner, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Gerv. Mr.

Watlington, Mr. England, Sir Marm Sir

Dovers, Sir Ro. Clayton, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Colt, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Gery, Sir Wm. Cordon, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Fuller, Serjeant Bond, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Hammond. \Mr. PhUlipps, Mr. White, Sir Fra.

Vol. XL

Colonel Wharton reported, from the Committee of Pri- Gatton vileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election Election. for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Upon the Petition of John South Esquire, against the Return of Geo. Evelyn Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Gatton, in the County of Surrey:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That, for the Petitioner, it was infilled, That the Right of Election was in the Inhabitants, not receiving Alms; and in the Freeholders of the said Borough, having such Fieehold in their own Occupation.

That, upon the Poll, the Petitioner, and Sitting Member, had equal Numbers; viz.each had 11 Voices.

But that it was infilled, on behalf of the Petitioner, That several that voted for the Sitting Member were not qualified; and that Four, who had a Right to vote, and would have voted for the Petitioner, were denied to be polled.

That, as to the Right of Election, for the Petitioner, was produced,

7 UJohn

Gatton

Election.

'6 4.6

150 Decembris.

1696.

John Pigeon,'Adam Listny, Ben. Shore, John Tamer: Edward Share said, That he had known 50

Who had been acquainted with the Town for a great Years; and that the Right was in the Freeholders, and many Years, and had been present at several Elections: Inhabitants paying Soot and Lot And they said, The Right of Election was in the Inha- Mr. said, That Colonel Thompson pretended to bitants of the Town, not receiving Alms , and the Free- have a Right to vote, by virtue of a Lease from his Fa-holders (a) [of the Borough], having their Lands in their ther, for a Year, made in May last: And, own Occupation: but could give no Instance, when any That he did not take Cornelius Alston to be an Inha-Person that received Alms had offered to vote, or been bitant, he renting a House but of 5 I. 10#. a Year; and refuled. never did give Notice to the Churchwardens, as the Act

And it was agreed, That there had been no disputed of Settlement requires:

Electon in this Borough but One, when the Lord Haver- That he had made out a Warrant for the taking up sham, Sir NickolasCareu', and Mr. Turgis, stood: At which and Ticbiall, to put them upon finding Security;

Election Mr. Turgis brought some Persons down from but they could not be taken:

London, as having Estates in Nutwood: and the lnha- That Palmer, and Two or Three others, were denied hitants, that were for my Lord Haversham, objected to their Votes; becausethey were exempted from paying to them, as unknown Persons; but the then Constable re- Church and Poor, by reason of their Poverty, turned Sir Nicholas Carew and Mr. Turgis, who the Stran- the Constable said, That he did query Seven

gers voted for: That afterwards the Inhabitants petitioned of Mr. South's Voters; because they did not pay to Scot the House of Commons against them; but it came to no and Lot: And believes, None of the Seven, but Determination. the Minister, voted before:

John Ingram, Clerk, said, He was a Minister of the next That he queried Colonel Thompson; because he did not Parish; and, by common Report, the Right of Election know whether his Father had made any Settlement upon was in the Inhabitants, and Freeholders having their him, or was of Age:

Lands in their own Occupation: But had been present

in

at no Election but the last.

And, as to the Right of the Four Persons that would have voted for Mr. South, and were refuled, they called, Benjamin Shore, Alex. Dolling ton; Who said, That Cornelius Alston was an Inhabitant at the time of the Election, and came down in July or August last; and had laid out a great deal of Money upon his House:

That Matthew Scriven was an Inhabitant at the time of the Election, and a Fortnight before:

That William Tichnallwas an Inhabitant at the time of

the Election, and a Month before:

That James Williams had been an Inhabitant several Years, and had voted before; and has been Churchwarden and Constable.

The Counsel, then, for the Petitioner, proceeded to make, good the Voices that had voted for him, and were queried at the time of the Election: And,

Shore wad Dallingtonalfo teltified, That was

an Inhabitant, and received Tythes, and voted formerly: That Edward Shore is an Inhabitant, and has a Freehold in his own Poti'elhon:

That Richard Killick l'enior hath voted, and bore Office in the Borough:

That Rich. Killick junior, and John Walker, are Inhabitants, and had voted formerly:

That Edward Stevens w as an Inhabitant; but newly come to Town:

That Charles Smith had a Freehold of Two Acres of Land, sold to him, by the Lord Haversham, about Sep

That he queried Tho. Pepys; because, being a Minister, and, not being qualified to be elected, he thought, he could not elect:

That Richard Killick senior refused to pay to Church and Poor:

That John Walker hath but 305. a Year Freehold, though he rents Fourscore Pounds a Year:

That Edward Stevens and William Palmes did not pay to Church and Poor:

That Charles Smith had no Estate there, till a little before the Election; being Two Acres, granted to him by the Lord Haversham:

That Cornelius Alston came to Town the Day before Sir John Thompson was made a Lord:

That James Williams lived in One of my Lord Haver-sham's Houses:

That William Ticknall w as no Inhabitant:

That Scriven came to Town about August: And, Jeffrey Chilmansaid, That Scriven was brought to the

Town in August last, by the Lord; and the

Parish had endeavoured to remove him:

That Edward Stevens does not pay Scotland Lot: But said, There had been no Assessment since he came to the Town:

That John Walker never paid Scotland Lot; but had been Overseer of the Poor:

That Williams did pay when he lived in a bigger

House; but is now removed into a House that never paid.

Edward Shore said. That Gabriel Aynscomb is an In-

temherlaft: And Dallington said, He was a Witness to the habitant, and rents above 80 /. per Ann.:

Deeds; but saw no Money paid for it.

That the Counsel for the Petitioner further proceeded to make theft Exceptions to several that voted for the Sitting Member: And,

Ben. Shore said, That he never knew John IEood vote before; nor was he an Inhabitant:

That Ambrose Parker was reputed not to have his Freehold Land in his Possession:

That John Chilman had lett his Freehold Land to Edward Shore:

That Anthony Ainscomb was, about 12 Months ago,

absent for about a Quarter of a Year:

That John Beadle lives in a little House just by the great House:

That Gabriel Aynscomb lived in Mr. s House.

That Anthony Aynscombe is an Inhabitant, and rents almost as much:

That Ambrose Parker has had a Freehold in his own Occupation ever since Michaelmas last:

' That John Chilman is a Freeholder; but Shore hath the Possession of it:

That Beadle hath been an Inhabitant for many Years.

And that, as to John Wood, the Counsel said, That the was a Freeholder: And, for that Matter, appealed to Mr. Turgis, a Member.

And, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That George Evelyn Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gatton,

That, for the Sitting Member, it was insisted, That the in the County of Surrey.

Right of Election was in the Freeholders of the Borough,

and the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot: And, The said Resolution, being read a Second time;

Mr. Cat 'cw and Richard Jewell, being called as Wit- Resolved, contradieente, That the House doth

nesses, laid, That, before the Election, it was agreed by agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Candidates, That the Right was in the Freeholders, George Evelyn Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in

and the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot. this present Parliament for the Borough of Gallon, in the

(a) Supplied from the original Report. County of Surrey.

The

8 W. III. 15* — i 6°7

Coinage. The Hou&, according- to the Order of the Day, pro- That all Committees be adjourned. Committed,

ceeded to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's

Speech, which relates to the ill State of the Coin of the And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Kingdom: Morning, Nine a Clock.

And his Majesty's Speech was read. __

And a Motion being made, Tor a Supply to be granted

to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re- Mercurii lo* die Decembris;

coining hammered Money, and the Recompence to be.

given for bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; ° Gulielmi lertn.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Praters. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to irish Arrears,

consider of that Motion. f\ ^d fe vera] other Soldiers, discharged from the Right

r , si j j til I. j , T Honourable the Earl of Oxford's Regiment, in behalf of

Co?nSti5m" g° "nd othere- ""yin ,he He8inient'

0 y* y S y complaining of Captain Robert , Major Borde,

n , ah _ — r l s' rv n v jj Captain Johnson, Lieutenant Wroth, and other Officers

P.7E, , Pf "°" of JotMn PV,clari: 71 Of the raid Regtaent, as presented to the House, end

H use'- ' was presented to the read i ?ortll. That [he Petitioner, have not yet

A V,. k- . m. er« ... received Satisfaction for their Irish Arrears, notwithstand-

1 t g P ' 1W th* &'d Pe""on i-g they made their Application to the House, the lafi

€Tt°n*(7»ri Session, for the fame; and 'tis highly prefuined, that

their Officers have received their Pay from his Majesty:

Way. and The House, according to the Order of the Day, fe- However',it is and the King's Proclamation

Means. solved m{ into a Committee of the whole House, to quires them to account so far as they have received;

consider further of Ways and Means for raif.ng the Sup- W, U. "ot do ' to Discouragement ot

Pjygranted to hb M^el^r, for rar^inp on the War against ^2)^ fS3

Tl % n.at.r l.ft the fhai^ " ' Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Sir'Tko2, Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. nef"red to ,tho <'0l"tKS $ "Ik"! r°, Pf'T, of

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. {ohn. Ufeu-ell and other Soldier, of Colonel VtUer*

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, g^men , is re erre

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to The House being informed, That Mr. Yard, the Ac- African

them referred; and had directed him to move, That they countant of the Royal African Company, attended; Company*.

may have Leave to fit again. He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the Stock*

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning House, according to Order, an Account of the Value of

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to their Stock.

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the And then'withdrew.

Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War Then the said Account was read; and is as followeth;

against France, for the Service of the Year 1697. viz.

The STATE of the Royal African Company of England's Stock.

London, i° Decemb. 1696.

Plantation-Debts, as will appear by the Company's Books; £. s. d.

At Barbadoes -..... 38,254 5 6

At the Leeward Itlands; £ J. d.

*, xt fHelms and Carpenter - - - 3,177 1 ' —

Al Nev.,.{pM||p Broom P.....22,055 .5 8

At Mountfurratt ----- -- - 3,602 13 4

At Antegua - -- -- - 2,545 19 4

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --31,381 9 4

At Tamaica /Walt' Ruding> "d Company..... 15,543 *4 —

' (Sir Wm. Beeston, and Company ----- 38,027 11 — J £ > d.

123,206 19 10

Goods in the Factories abroad;

On the Gold Coall - - - -- -- - 23,889 4 10

At Serrelion and Sherbrow ----- --- - 8,988 13 7

Debts and Effects at Gambia..... 1,800--

Debts at Cutchew - -- - 1,200---

35,877 18 5

Goods in Voyages;

In the Kendall.....- 5,005 11 3

Mary and Margaret Galley ----- -- - i,347 10 —

Succels - -- 2,005 18 10

Sally Role.....3>ooi 4 5

Hanniball ----- ----- - 9,9^5 0 8

Unity.....862 11 —

Return - 57°

22,757 14

Ships

The Fauconberg .....2>293 18 11

- Swallow - - - - 1>511 5

Unity.....855 6 8

Sally Rose.....892 4 »o

John - - - -.....412 15

Experiment - -.....- 661 16 _ j 6>6s7

i6* Decembris.

Cash and Bills of Exchange - -

Gold arrived in England, for the Company's proper Account Gold at Barbadoes ——

In sundry Goods ——

Insurance on the Walter and Sarah, a Loss -

Debts, esteemed good -

The Company's Forts and Fortifications;

Serrelion Sherbrow Dickiefcove Comendo Annifhan Fort Royal Cabo Corfo Annamaboe Winnebagh Accraa

Owing by the Company

A. 1696.

£ d. 3,786 18 2 ia,i44 18 4 12,172 4 6 19,186 7 9 4,074 — — 6,916 18 2

40,000 — —

286,751 7 3

113,788 7 8

172,962 19 7

And, in regard that feme of the Debts standing out in the Plantations may be supposed bad, the Company are willing to abate ----- ----- 30,too — —

142,962 19 7

Besides the Company's Share of Robert Williamson's Debt in the Exchequer; and the hopes of 42 Tons of Elephants Teeth, funk near Chichester.

Robert Williamson's Debt to the Company is 20,318/. 5 6 , Accountant.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa is committed.

Prohibiting A Petition of divers Wrought-Silk-Dyers, in behalf of India Silks, themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, Callicoes,&c. an(j read j setting forth, That the Petitioners served their Apprentices unto, and are employed in dyeing wrought Silks, and other Goods, imported from East India: And, if the Bill, depending in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes painted or stained there, should pal's, it will be the utter Ruin of the Petitioners; who mud go into foreign Countries, where their Trade is encouraged, for a Livelihood: And praying, the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Irish Trans- Sir Richard Onslowreported from the Committee ap-port Debt, pointed to consider and state the Nature of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, to w hom the Consideration of the Petition of Arthur John Travers, and

Anthony Wilks, for themselves, and all others concerned in the Transport-Debt, for the Reduction of Ireland, was referred, That they had considered the Matter of the Petition; and had directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That it appears, by a Certificate from the Commissioners of Transportation,

That, on the First of May 1695, there was due to the Transport-Ships, employed in the Reduction of Ireland, for £. s. d. Principal, the Sum of - 330*769 10 7

Interest for the fame, from the ift of May 95, to 15th December 1696, at 5 I. per Cent.; which was the Interest allowed by an Act, made the 6th and 7th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, end Spices, towards Satisfaction of

the Debts due for Transport-Service, for £. s. d. the Reduction of Ireland, the Sum of 26,875 — 4i

The Total of which is - -357,644 10 ill

The Produce of the said Duties, as appears by an Account given in by the Commissioners of the Customs, from the 4th May 1695, to the 5th December 1696, amounts to - 7,388 15 11

So the whole Debt, due to the Transports, this 15th of December 1696, appears to the Committee, to be - £. 350,255 15 — i

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

Mr, Hoblyn, according to Order, presented to the House courtny's a Bill to enable Trustees to fell the Estate of Humphry Courtny, late of Tremere, in the County of Cornwall,

Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of his Debts: And it was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Haw have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Robei't Da have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Staxiell have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Mother being very ill.

A Petition of John Ely, and John and divers Dutyo*

Glals-makers, on behalf of themselves, and many Fa- GW*, milies in and near the City of Gloucester, and Town of Newnham, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Art of making Glass hath of late been much improved, to the Advantage of the Nation, and Employment of abundance of the Poor; but, since a late Act of Parliament for laying a perpetual Duty upon all Glass-wares, the said Trade hath been much discouraged; inso much that no

23 Glaft

b> - — 1

8 W. III. i 6° — 17° Decembris.

Glaft hath since been made in Gloucestershire; the Glass-houses being converted to other Uses; to the utter Ruin of die Petitioners: And praying the House to take off the said Duty, it being likely to be very inconsiderable to the Crown, whereby their said Trade may be revived and encouraged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom die Petition of the Glass-makers in and about the Town of Stourbridge, in die County of JVorccster, is referred.

Prisons and Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it is referred to pretended consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended privileged privileged Places, may be regulated, do fit de die in Pldce‘- diem.

to encourage the Weaving Trade; whereby the Poor may be employed and maintained.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, be read a Second time.

A Petition of James Dover, Printer, in Custody of the Privilege — Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to 11 P*rfon pe-the House, and read; whereby he acknowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the fame; and prayed to '

be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said James Dover be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

Supply; The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

Deficiency solved itself into a Committee of thq whole House, to ot Coinage, consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel JVharton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel JVharton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to a llesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive' the fame.

Ordered That the said Report be made To-morrow-Morning.

Ways and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

Means. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the W ar against France, for the Service of the Year 1O97.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had mach a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; an I had directed him to move, That they may have Lea.e to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1C97.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of several Merchants of London, on the be- Russia half of themselves and others, was presented to the House, Company, and read; letting forth, That the Territories, to which the Russia Company do trade, are of vast Extent; and the Trade thither must be much improved to England, if other English Merchants had Liberty to trade; but, the said Company being established by Charter, which was confirmed 8° Eliz. all Persons are prohibited thereby to trade within their Limits, but such as are free of them, to have their Leave: And praying, That the Petitioners may be admitted into the Freedom of the Russia Company, for the same Fine which the Members of that Company, and all English Merchants, may be admitted into the Hamburgh and Eastland Companies; or that the said Trade may be enlarged, and regulated, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Henry Hobart, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir William Coriton, Mr. Mount ague.

Sir John Bolles, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mountstevens, Air.

Gzvyn, Mr. Moor, Mr. Gardner, Sir Math. Andreas,

Air. York, Mr. Bagnold' Sir JVm. York, Sir JVm.

Lozciher, Mr. Molesxcorth, Sir JVm. Bones, Mr. Moyle,

Sir John Bucknall, Sir JVm. St. Quintin, Sir JVm. Scaxccn,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Foley, Lord Coningsby,

Mr. Thomson, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Blofeild; Air. Speke, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Mr. Phi I Hyps, Colonel JVJiarton, Mr.

Brener, Lord Cavendish, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Staines, Mr. Brother ton, Lord Spence?', Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Perry, Mr. White, Mr. I.owther, Mr. Be?tie,

Mr. Lambton, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Mazvdit, Mr. Far-rer, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Osborne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chapi-bers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered That Mr. Hayne have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Weaving

Trade.

Jovis, 17* die Decembris;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard ILow have Leave to go into the Country, his Family being ill.

Ordered, That ail Committees be revived* Committees.

P It A T E 11 S.

A PETITION of the Churchwarden, Overseers of the Poor, and ancient Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Bcdnull-Green, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Subsistence of . Inhabitants of the said Hamlet depends chiefly on the Weaving Trade; which uled to be their comfortable Support, and an Employment of their Poor; who now are become so numerous, through the Decay of the said Trade, that abundance of Housekeepers, who used to contribute to the Poor, are become great Objects of Charity; and many Families are driven to such Necessities as to eat Horse-Flesh and Grains, for Nature's Support: That the Poors Rate is now triple what it used to be: And praying the House to find out lbine speedy Way VOL. XI.

Ordered, That Sir Edxvard Acton have Leave to into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

go Leave of Absence,

Colonel JVharton, acccordingto Order, reported, from Supply; the Committee of the whole House, to wlioin it was ^el,lC.lency referred to consider of a Motion made for a Supply to 0 oinaS be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; the Resolution of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for making

7 X good

17° — 18® D.

A. 1696.

good the Deficiency in re-coining ha mmered M oney; and Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee, the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mints, to be coined. Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the them referred 5 and had directed him to move, That House. they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup-his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining ply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for France, for the Service of the Year 1697. bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

Deficiency of Funds.

The House according to the Order of the Day, proceeded to take into Consideration that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds:

And his Majesty's Speech was read.

And a Motion being made, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Leave of Absence.

Relief of Creditors.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Clark have Leave to

g°

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 18° die Decembris;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

PRA'YBRS.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Jurats, and Freemen, of Rcgolating the ancient Town of Rye, in Sussex, was presented to Elections, the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, the Bill, depending in the House, for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, will alter the whole Frame of Elections, and put Qualifications upon the Persons to be elected, contrary to

into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary ,he usual MethoSs of the CimpK-Ports; which, they con-Ucca 10ns. ceive, will destroy all their Rights and Privileges: And

praying the House to consider the ill Consequences of the

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of Creditors was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, That notwithstanding the Act, all Agreements already made between Debtor and Creditor shall be in force:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question

said Bill, so that it may not pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That tire said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Whitaker reported from the Committee, to whom Mynorf the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eiiate. the Settlement of the Manor of in the County

put there, p°n, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of other the Lands late of

of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Person shall have the Benefit of the Act, but such as lift themselves into his Majesty's Service, or find an abki Man to serve for them:

And the Question being put, That the same be read;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Press 1. L. *, to insert "Number and:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon.

Esquire, deceased; and for raising and increasing the Portion of Theodosia Mynors, the Daughter of the said Crompton, (he being an Infant of the Age of Seventeen Years; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitaker do carry the Bill to the

agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill; T 1 j . t-, . ... u,

JL tv,11 cLnrW Ih, Tnhlp crnrrlin.Kr T^ds, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed

and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth

Tellers for the Yeas -^'r tellers for tnel eas,

Tellers for the Noes f1*

1 eliers lor the rs oes, |Mr:

1

126.

82.

to the fame, without any Amendment

Sir William Coriton, according to Order, presented to Coparcenary the House a Bill for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands. Lands in Coparcenary, Joint-tenancy, and Tenancy in common: And it was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill read a Second time.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. ~ , T1 . u ... r. , 0

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for Relief of O That_Mr Attorney-Oencral, andiMr.Sob- Ercife

Creditors, by making Compos, lions with their Debtors, OT-G.eral; ‘» King sXounfel be added to the D«lm. in case Two-thirds, in Number and Value do aome Committee, to whom tile Petition of the Company of

in case Two-thirds, in Number and Value, do agree Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Leave of Absence.

Ways and Means*

Ordered, That Mr. Parker have Leave to go into the Country, his Daughter, the Lady Packington, being dead.

Ordered, That Mr. Tilney have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Brewers of the City of London is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Thomas Roberts, £afe of Mr. Yates, Colonel Osborne, Mr. Mr. Vaughan, Sheriffs.

Mr. feowyer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts; and Execution of their Offices, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Smith have Leave to into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

gO Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. William Johnson have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The

8 W. III. 18° — x 90 Decembris. 631

Ways and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Mcam. solved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions which they had directed him to report, when the Iloufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

<&y,

toi£

k

ar-

pit

03-

\nl

tie

it

® )hi

for La

85

Wi

‘or*

o;

rei

the

the

Sabbat i, 19* die Decembris;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Discount on A PET1TI ON of all the Clothiers, and other fub-Bank- Bills. /V Itantial Tradesmen,w ithin the Borough of

in the County of Berks, was prel'ented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Non-currency of Money, and the great Discount made upon Bank- Bills, the Petitioners cannot get Money from London, without great Lois; whereby they are incapable to buy Materials for carrying on their Trades, and employing the Poor, who otherwise must perish: And praying, That Bank- Bills may be made payable without Discount.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Stopford's Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Estates. enable Robert Stopford Esquire to fell Lands and Tythes in JVyfall, in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts: And that Mr. Sloan do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Repairing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Havens. the Repair of decayed Havens, and making them more navigable: And that Mr. and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

King's Lynn Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for e, Port- the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of

King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Hairy Hobart and Sir Charles Turner do prepare, and

brine in, the Bill.

to vr. 5

oi^ Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Privilege — a Ptrfou discharged.

o!i- id

Weaving 0t Trade.

% 6?-

R,

ie

id

L* 1>

to

JO

1

t

James Dover, the Printer, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where, upon his Knees, he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said James Dover be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other ancient Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of pre-

fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a Considerable Part of the Inhabitants of the said Parish are either Weavers, or such who depend on them; who in great Numbers, have been destitute of Employment, as great Quantities of East India-wroug Silks have been

imported hither, though before well to pass; inso much that the said Parish hath paid 1,500l. a YeartotheSubfilt-ence of their Poor, and run themselves in Debt near 700l. besides: That, lately, great Imports have been made of such Goods; and thereby many Weavers, and their Dependents, have been compelled to lay down their Trades, and fallen to the Parish; which is not able to relieve them: And praying the Commiseration of the House, That some Way may be found out for the Employment of their numerous Poor, as the House shall think fit.

Vo l. XI.

1

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or ftaiued there, be read the Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Culliford, Letters of Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Harcourt, Marque. Mr. Hamond, Mr. Baldicyn, Mr. Bohan, be added to

the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of several Merchants of London is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Duke, Mr. A fountague, Mr. - F.xcise

wick, Sir Basil Divwell.Air. Bere, Mr. Duties.

Sir Wm. Coriton, be added to the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Brewers of the City of London is referred.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Bo- Regulating rough of Honiton, in the County of was presented Elections,

to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, is to disable such Persons as have not a certain real Estate from serving in Parliament; which may lb restrain the ancient Liberties of the said Borough, that many of its prudent Members, who ha#s great personal Estates, may be rendered uncapable to represent them in Parliament: And praying, That the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough may be prefer ved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaake have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwynhave Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Shoemakers, Sadlers, and Book- p0reftalling binders, of the Town of Halifax, in behalf of themselves, Leather, and several other Parishes, within the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the Iioule, and read; setting forth; That the said Town hath formerly been very eminent for buying and selling Leather; but, by the illegal Practices of Forestallers, who buy it untanned in the Pits, the Petitioners mult go into other Counties to supply themselves, or give such Forestallers 18 d. per Pound for what they bought before for 12 d. to the Impoverishing of the Petitioners, and Ruin of their Trades; effectual Provision not being made in the Acts of Parliament to prevent forestalling the Markets: And praying.

That the House will take some effectual Course to prevent the like Abuses for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Fairfax, Sir William York,

Air. Heceningham, Colonel Perry, Sir John Bolles, Air.

Slater, Mr. Foley, Mr. Clerk, Sir John Kay, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Pa git, Mr. Pierpoint, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. lington, Sir S. Barnardiston, Mr. Norris, Sir Mann.

Wyvell, Mr. Stonehouse, Lord Spencer, Air.

Thornhagh, Sir Jof. Tilly, Mr. Bet hell, Mr. Lawton, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Burdet, Mr. Fuller, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. England: and all that serve for the Counties of York and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill for the further regulating Elections of Regulating Alembers to serve in Parliament was, according to the Electivn*. Order of the Day, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider, That the Act shall not extend to disable any natural-born Subject of England, or the Dominions thereof, being a Merchant, who has Right of Election, from fervingfor that Place himself, upon making Oath that be is worth 5,000l. in real and

personal

19* — 21° D

A. 1696.

personal Estate: But no Person to be esteemed as a Mer- Mr. Manky, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Mr.

chant for having any Money in the Bank, or any other Mr. Bertie, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir How, Sir Tho-

Company, only by reason of such Adventure: mas Day, Sir Fra. Molineux, Sir Thom. Mompesson, Sir

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which John Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Fleming, Sir Hen. Colt,

w ere filled up by the House: Mr. Morgan, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Mr. Holmes,

And then the same was read the Third time; and, Mr. Perry, Mr. Burrard, Sir Gerv. Mr. Hedger,

upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Sir John Fagg, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Palmes; And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Proviso was offered, as a Rider,

That, when the Election of a Knight of the Shire for Sussex shall be at Chichester, the Sheriff, at the Request of a Candidate, shall adjourn the Poll, after the Freeholders there are all polled, to Lewis, in the same County:

And the same was thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, pretended privileged Places, may be regulated That the Bill do pals;

Ordered, That Mr. Praed, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Mountste- Prisons and cens, Mr. Pendan ts, Mr. GreenvilI, Mr. Fleming, Sir Prtle|nd'd

Wm. Forester, Sir Rowland Gxc Mr. Burdet, Sir

Hen. Colt, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other

Redes, &c. Nat

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^*

200.

Tellers for the Noes, I Jj01 11 do.

' [Sir Hm. AJ

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Richard do carry the*£i!l

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Duty on CJlcils.

Claims for Prizes*

Lance,2T die Decembris;

8 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

TfRE DERICK Christiaen, llaron de Rede, Lord A grim, GodurtAdriaen Baron Rede, Charles Ba-

ron de Go/tsteyne, Arnold Jonst Baron Van Kppcll, and John Jams Plcyard, took the Oaths, in order to their

Naturalization.

A Bill to naturalize FrederiekChristiaen.Baron deRede,

Lord A grim, and GodartAdriaen Baroiw/e Sons of

the Earl of Athlom, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bridges, Mr. B/athwaile, Mr. Hammond, Sir Mr.

Ileveningham, Sir Tho. Skipwith, Sir Colt, Sir Hen.

Hobart, Sir Gere. Elwes, Lord SpencerMr.

Sir IT 'm. Cordon, Mr. Burdet, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Hunt, Sir IVm. Lowther, Mr. Manley, Sir Moly-7ieux, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mctlncyn, Mr. Phillipps, Sir Edw. Abney, Colonel Thompson, Sir Robert Owen, Sir IVm. Forester, Colonel Tipping, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Lambton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Glass-makers are referred, have Power to fend for P&rfons, Papers and Records.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Aldborough ceeded to hear the Merits of the Election for the Borough Election, of Aldborough, in the county of :

And the Counsel, and Witnesses, on both Sides, were called in; and heard.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, Neminecontradieente, That Henry Fairfax

Esquire, having, contrary to the late Act of Parliament, expended Money, in order to his Election to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of York, since the Vacancy thereof by the Death of Sir Michael Wentworth, is dil'abled and incapacitated, upon such Election, to serve as a Burgess for the said Borough.

Then the Question being put, That Arthur Kay Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aldborough;

The Iloul'e divided.

The Yeas go forth.

f Mr. Tankard,

Tellers for the Yeas,

(Sir Jo. Kay:

... r Xt [Sir I learn Colt, tellers for the Noes,t, u J '[.Mr. Perry:

So it palHd in the Negative.

Resolved, That the late Election

for

of Aldborough is a void Election.

the said Borough

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Caudles.

And, being brought in;

Ordered, That no Motion be made for a Warrant for a new Writ, for electing of a Burgess for the said Borough of Aldborough, until after Tw elve a Clock, in a full House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the ^ayt and w hole House, to w hom it was referred to consider of Ways Means and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1G97, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, supply; after the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of Deficiency the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be of Cow® A Petition of the Company of Seamen belonging to his granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency Majesty's Ship the Centurion, CaptainPrite Commander, in re-coining the hammered Money; and the Recom-was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That pence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints, to they had faithfully served his Majesty on board the said be coined.

Ship for Three Years last; and took several Prizes in that time, to the Hazard of their Lives: That the Petitioners have made their Application to the Prize-Office, for the Share of those Prizes; but are put off with frivolous Pretences; to their great Discouragement: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises, so as they may be paid their Prize-money.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. ham. Sir William Lowther, Sir Kay, Mr. Pockling-

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Commis-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houl'c, tioners of to consider of the Bill for examining, taking, and ltating, Actuul"-the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission; and will then proceed to a new Election of Commissioners for the said Accounts.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Comm.uec.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

6.

ho-

Sir

oil.

fey

oil;.

!od-

liti-H,

15 reciter

pro- r

mr.-S V.

m

unit in this ir the M

.v:fd ffif Fi*

irM

10.

In,

mjl

:ii fen oro«5 Hoi

Ot Si:

1«V.

layer.

fijn % i

lirtrf »'

riot*'

'Oiffifi

CCOtB-

ft#

,evts.

lofty

riit?5 !! i:«s

st

8 W. III.

22° Decemhris.

633

Prohibiting India Silks, Calicoes, &c.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Mortis, 22* die

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of divers Wool-combers and Yarn-men, in and about the City of on be-

half of themselves and Dependencies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That their Trade depends on the Weavers Trade; who made a comfortable Subsistence for their Families, when but few East India Silks and Stuffs were imported into England; but, since great Quantities have lately been imported, great Numbers of the Petitioners are reduced to extreme Poverty: That the Bill, depending in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, will greatly advance the Petitioners Trades,

Ordered, That tire laid Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into tins Kingdom from Pei'sia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there,

be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Prohibiting Mistery of Dyers, in behalf of themselves and Trade, Silk,« was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *c, the Dyeing of Cloths, Stuffs, Linen, and Silk, is the only Livelihood of the Petitioners, and some Thousands that depend on the said Trade: That the Bill, depending in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, will tend to the great Benefit of the Dyeing Trade, if it pals into a Law; or otherwise, it will tend to the Decay and Ruin of it in general: And praying to be heard.

and their Dependencies: And praying, That they may be by their Counsel, or otherwise, in behalt of the said Bill

. ,r ... . *1 y J J /i,/____1 'pi_.. «!._ i:,*u_ 'p»ki

Ditto.

heard, by Counsel, in favour of the said Bill

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Mercers, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners Trade consists chiefly in buy-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Table

ing

Silks and Stulls manufactured in England wherein

they have employed great Stocks of Money, and thereby employed, and preservd many Thousand Families of Handicrafts from Ruin; but, by reason of the Importations, and general Wear, of East India Silks and Stuffs, our English Manufactures, though much better, are rendered contemptible, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners Trade, and many 100,000 of his Majesty's Subjects: That the Bill, now in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, will be of singular Advantage to the Petitioners Trade, if it should pass into an Act: And praying, That thay may be heard, by Counsel, what they have to offer in behalf of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Corporation of Weavers, in the City of Canterbury,

Mr. Robert Bertie, according to Order, presented to Woollen the House a Bill for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manu&Qure., Manufacture: And it was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Denton have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Gercas Elites have Leave to go into the Country for Eight Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax have Leave to go into the Country foe a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Importation alty, of the City of Bristoll, was presented to the House, of Irish \arn. and read; setting forth, That the prohibiting the Importation of Bay-Yarn from Ireland, or loading it with a great Duty, will not only discourage the Woollen Manufacture in England, and particularly the new Drapery made in Bristoll, but will allb increase the said Manufacture in Ireland, to . Prejudice of this Kingdom in general:

And praying, That the Importation of Bay-Yarn from

was presented to the House, and read ;setting forth, That Ireland may be encouraged, under such moderate Duties

as may make it capable to be wrought up here.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Worsted-combers, Spinners, and others, employed in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the City of,

is referred; And all that coine to the said Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Frelce junior have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraor- At)(e,ce-dina rv Occasions.

to go into

the Petitioners have heretofore employed and maintained several Thousand Persons in making all Sorts of flowered, striped, and plain. Silks and Stuffs; but lately, since the Importation of great Quantities of East India wrought Silks and Stuff's, great Numbers of their Poor are reduced to great Extremity, for want of Employment: That there being a Bill now in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, the same will be of exceeding Benefit to our laid English Manufactures, and the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard, by Couniel, in behalf of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table tiutil the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and ancient Inhabitants, of the Parish of Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Poor of the said Parish are grown very numerous, by reason many Wtav- 14th Years of the Reign of King Charles the I id, every ers, for want of Work, have entered themselves into Load of Ilay, brought to be sold at the said Market, should his Majesty's Service, and left their Wives and Children pay 6d. and every Load of Straw 2 towards pav ing the to the Charge of the Parish, which is not able to main- Streets; which Act hath been thought very useful, but tain them: That the Weaving Trade uled to be the long since expired: That such Carts do now, Three Days Support of the Poor; but the same is, in a manner, ex- in the Week, stand before the Petitioners Houses; which tinguished, by reason of the Importation of Indian and occasions frequent Repairs there, more than in any other

Ordered, That Colonel Praed have Leave the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Inhabitants in and near the Street Haymarket called the Hay-market, within the Parishes of St. Martin's Pavil,8> &c* in the Fields and St. Janies, within the Liberty of minster, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by Act of Parliament, made in the 13th and

PenfK7«-wrought Silks: And praying the House to consider of some Method for encouraging the Weaving Trade.

Vol. XI.

Part of the said Parishes, to the great Oppression of the Petitioners: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Streets where the 7 Y said

634

2 -2° Decdmbris.

A. 1696.

laid Carts do (land; and that John Tully Esquire be the whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for Collector. raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying

Ordered, That Leave be gives* to bring in a Bill for on the War against France, for the Service of the Year Relief of the Petitioners: And that Mr. Chancellor of 1697, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they the Exchequer, and Sir Henry Colt, do prepare, and bring had directed him to report to the House; and which he

in, the Bill.

Payments in

Hammered

Mouey.

read in lib Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of

A Petition of several Merchants in London, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Merchants and Traders inhabiting in the Cities, and trading Towns in all the respective Counties of England, was prel'ented to the House, and read; letting forth, That several Bills of Exchange the Year 1697, a Duty be laid upon all Persons, according are drawn upon the Petitioners, for the Return of Monies to the true Value of their real and personal Estates; their delivered to the Petitioners Correspondents, by the Col* Stock upon Land, and in Trade; and their Income by leftors in the Country, Part in hammered Money, by Offices, Pensions, Professions, Employments, or other-Tale, and part of unpassable Money; and also Bills created wife.

for the Duty of Excise: That the Petitioners have offered Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Payment of such Bills at 5 s. % d. an Ounce, in hammered That, towards raising the said Supply, a Duty of One

....., according to a late Act of Parliament; but the Peny per Week, for One Year, be laid upon ail Persons

Commissioners of Excise refuse to receive the same, and not receiving Alms.

threaten to sue the Petitioners: And praying, That the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, said Commissioners of Excise may accept Payment of Bills That, over and above the said Duty of One Peny per of Exchange, to them due, in hammered Money, at 5 s.8 d.Week, a further Duty of One Farthing per Pound, per

per Ounce. Week, be laid upon all Servants receiving Four Pounds

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition per Annum Wages, and upwards, to 8/. per Am, in-be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of elusive.

Leave of Absence.

Resolved, That it b the Opinion of this Committee, That, over and above the said Duty of One Peny per Week, a further Duty of One Halfpeny Pound, per Week, be laid upon all Servants receiving Wages upwards of 8/. per , to 16/. pa' Anmm, inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, over and above the said Duty of One Peny per Week, a further Duty of One Peny per Pound, perWcek, Ordered, That Mr. John Harvey have Leave to go belaid upon all Persons receiving Wages upwards of 16/. into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary per 4

the Company of Brewers of London, relating to the Excile, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House, in the First Place.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas have Leave to

go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Gccafions.

'Committee*.

African

Company.

Call of the House.

Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee, That, over and above the said Duty of One Peny per Week, a further Duty of One Peny per Pound per Week, be laid upon all Persons receiving any Salaries, Pensions, or other annual Payments, not charged upon Land.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, over and above the said Duty of One Peny per Week, the like Duty of One Peny per Pound per Week,

Bill for settling and regulating the foe laid upon the Profits of all Offices, Employments, and

Professions, not otherwise charged.

Occasions

Ordered, That Mr. William have Leave to

go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade to Africa.

Prohibiting India Silks, Callicoci, &c.

Ordered, That the House be called over, upon Mon- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, day Sevennight; and that all l'uch Members, as shall not That, over and above the said Duty of One Peny - ' t . 1 r..... <-. Week, a Duty of One Farthing Pound Month,

be laid upon all Persons, for their Money.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, over and above the said Duty of One Peny per Week, a Duty of One Halfpeny per Pound per Month, be laid upon all Persons, for their Stock in Trade.

> That it is* the Opinion of this Committee, That, over and above the) said Duty of One Peny per

then attend, not having Leave to be absent, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and others, who have lent Money on the Customs, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they advanced considerable Sums of Money, for the Service of the Government, upon

the Credit of Two Acts of Parliament; the one for ap- Weekj a Duty of Twelve-pence per Month be laid upon plying 300,000l. yearly, for Five Years, out of the all persons> for every 100l. Stock upon Land.

Duties of Tonage and Poundage; and the other for continuing several Duties upon Wine, Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods: That the Bill, depending in the House to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported from Persia and East-fndia, and all

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee That the Children under Sixteen Years of Age, of qll such Persons who are charged with One Peny per Week only, be excused from paying the said Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thb Committee,

Callicoes printed or stained there, will, if passed into an That an Aid of Three Shillings in the Pound, for One Act, be a very great Lessening of their said Security; as it Year, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-will either prevent the Importation of the said Goods, or taments> according to the true yearly Value thereof, cause them to be shipped out again; and thereby the The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second Custom paid Inwards will be drawn back by the Exporter: time> were> upon the Question severally put thereupon,

And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against agreed unto by the House.

passing the said Bill. Ordered, That a Bill or Bills, be brought in upon the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table fald Resolutions; And that Mr. Attorney General, Lord until the said Bill be read a Second time. Coningsby, Mr. Palmes, Sir Wining ton, Mr. Pelham,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon % ^'Mr. Cooper, Mr. Serjeant

Way* and Means.

Tomorrow Sevennight.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to *4

Sir John Parsons, Mr CulUford, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr.

Clark, Mr. Norris, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr.

Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Chr. Musgroce, Mr. Smith, Sir Fra.. Masham, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr.

Mountague,

8 W. III.

22° — 23* Decembris.

635

Mountague, Mr. Newport, Mr. Mobrt, Mr. Chadwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

them detained in Custody, notwithstanding the y were acquainted and allured, by the said Mr. That he

was a Member of this House, and not the Person they took him to be; in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That the said Joseph Blow and Thomas Clarke be, lor the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody

Supply; The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Cokia*"^ ^vec* itself a Committee of the whole House, to

ouia£<‘ consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Ma- of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

jesty, for making good the Deficiency of re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Wharton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Wharton reported from the said Committee,

«,d

A Petition of the principal Gentry, Freeholders, and Preventing others, now or late Inhabitants of the Cinque-Ports,

Places adjacent,-in behalf of themselves, and many others, having Estates near the Sea-Coasts, within the Counties of Kent and Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That, by a late A fit of Parliament for the

Prohibiting India Silks, Callicoes, &c.

That they had considered the Matter to them referred; more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool, <§r.

' ' ' " ' the triple Value and Forfeiture of such Wool as shall be

transported, is justly inflicted; but that the Petitioners, and their Estate, being liable to answer the Forfeiture, wherein they are no-ways guilty, they think it hard; it not being in their Power to prevent such ill Practices; the same being done in the Night-time, by obscure Persons, of no Substance; so that if they should be discovered, they are not able to make Satisfaction for the Forfeiture, as the Act intended; so that the Petitioners Estates in those Parts are become of little or no Value; most of them not daring to live there themselves; and others refuting to take any Leases thereof, without Covenants of Indemnity against the said Forfeiture; whereby there will be no other Persons resident, but the Actors in those Mif-chiefs; which will rather advance than suppress them, and ruin the Petitioners: And praying, That the Rigour of the said A ft may be mitigated as to the Petitioners; and that some other more effectual Way may be found out for punishing the Offenders.

That a Committee be appointed to inspect

and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nines Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Decembris;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

PETITION of divers Serge-makers,

A PETITION of divers Serge-makers, Wool-combers, and Yarn-makers, Inhabitants in and about the Tow n of Kettering, and Places adjacent, in the County of Northampton, on behalf of themselves, and other their Dependents, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, who formerly employed but a few Hands, now employ many Hundred the Law s for preventing the Exportation of Wool; and Families, who otherwise would want, in the Way of their to consider of the most effectual Means for preventing

Ditto.

Trade; which is much increased, by reason of the Scarcity and Dearness of East India wrought Silks and Commodities; but, lately, great Quantities having been imported, it has struck such a Damp upon the Petitioners Trade; so that many of them are, and more will be, reduced to great Extremity, imlels the Bill before the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, do pass into an Act: And praying the House will hear what they have to oiler in behalf of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Worsted, Yarn, and Say-makers, of the ancient Borough of Bury St. , in the County of Suffolk, and others, of the same Employment, within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners employ many Thousand poor Families in their Trades, whole Necessities require immediate Pay; and that the Petitioners, upon Sale of their Goods, though to Loss, cannot get ready Money, through the Scarcity of current Coin; but are forced to take Bank- Bills, as Payment; which will not pals again without a Discount of 15, 16, or 18 /. per Cent.; so that they are at great Loss thereby; and will be rendered unCapable to carry on their Trades, and employ and pay the Poor, who otherwise mull llarve: And praying the House to take their Condition into Consideration; and to give shonn some speedy Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

the Exportation of Wool; and to report their Opinion therein to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Fuller, Sir Tho.

‘Dyke, Mr. White, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Sir

RowlandGuyn, Mr. Hammond, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Norris, Sir Chr.Musgrove, Sir.Gero. Mr. Blofeild, Mr.

Moor, Serjeant Wogart, Mr. Perry, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Dol-

ben, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Dore, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Pock-

ling ton, Sir Wm. Twisden, Mr. England, Mr. Gzvynn, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Desbovery, Sir Ra. Mr. Aislaby, Sir Fra. Massarn, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Mr.

Hedger, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Roberts, Sir S\r Wm.

Ashurst, Mr. Mawditt, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Mr.

Haney, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Wm. Honywood, Dr. Oxenden,

Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Baldwyu,

Mr. Osborne; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent,

Sussex, Wilts, Somerset, Gloucester, Worcester, Devon, and Het'cJ'ord; and the Commissioners of the Admiralty, who are Members of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers; and fit dedie in diem: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Merchants of the House, and Mem- Letters of bers of the Sea-ports, be added to the Committee, to whom Marque, the Consideration of the Petition of several Merchants of London, for Letters of Marque, is referred.

Sir Hairy Goodrich reported to the House, That his Answer to until the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks Majesty having, according to their Order, been attended Address, and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia with their Address, That he would please to cause the In-

Privilege,

and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Colonel LuttereU, a Member of this House, was, for another Person, arrested by Joseph Blow and Thomas Clarke, and by Vox.. XI.

formations in relation to Conrade-Griebe to be laid before this House, his Majesty had been pleased to give an Answer thereunto in Writing, signed by his Majesty; and to command him to deliver the same to the House; which he did: And the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Excift

I>uties.

Worued,

Trade,

2 3° Decembris.

A. 1696.

r

HIS Majesty having received an Address from the House, whereby it was desired. That he would pleal'e to cause the Informations in relation to Conrade to be laid before this House, is pleased to acquaint them, That, upon the Discovery of the late Conspiracy against his Person and Government, the said Greibe was taken into Custody, among other suspected Persons, as being concerned in that Plot; and, about the same time, several Informations being sent and delivered to his Majesty, whereby he appeared to be a very dangerous Person, his Majesty thought it for his Safety, not to suffer him, being an Alien, to continue longer in this Kingdom; and did order the Duke of Wirtemberg, who was then going for Flanders, to transport him thither, in order to fend him to the Elector of Brandenburhis natural Prince j which was done accordingly: And the said Greibe was delivered to the General of the said Elector, who was by him appointed to receive him, together with the Informations.

A Petition of Henry Waddell Esquire, Mayor of the City of Canterbury, George Know lei', William Stanly, and John Shatwater, on behalf of themseves and the rest of the common Brewers inhabiting within the said City, and Places adjacent, and for the Town and Port of Fe-versham, in the County of Kent, was prel'ented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have, with great Difficulty, complied with several Acts for a Duty of Excise, and hoped to be encouraged in their Trade; but, instead thereof, they fuller very great Hard-ships by several Clauses in the said Acts; and, more particularly, by the Act for laying several Duties on low Wines, and other things; which are so very grievous, that, if continued, the Petitioners cannot exercise their Trades: And praying, That they may be heard to make out their Grievances; and be relieved therein, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Brewers of the City of London is referred.

A Petition of the Worsted, Yarn, and Say-makers, of the ancient Borough of Bury St. Edmonds, in the County of Suffolk; and others of the same Employment, within the said County; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *

That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Blackwell-{tore the Market for \YToollen Cloths in and hall Market

Welsh-hall, to the Clothiers :v And that Sir George Hun-gerjord and Sir Thomas Mompesson do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Committee ap- Deficiwcy pointed to consider, and state to the House, the Nature offttnd*-of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds,' and of the several Duties already voted; and how the said Deficiencies may be best provided for by the said Duties; and to whom was referred the Consideration of the Petition of the Persons who advanced the Sum of 564,700 /. upon the Credit of the Act for granting several Duties upon Glass-wares, Coals, and Culm; That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to make a Report thereof, specially, to the House, in several States of the several Funds, and Deficiencies, and Duties; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee had, accordingly, proceeded to examine the Nature of the several Parliamentary Funds; what Sums of Money have been borrowed upon each of . them; how much they have paid off; the particular Remains; and what may be the Deficiencies of those Funds; and the Deficiencies arising by clipped Money:

They have also considered the Duties the House have already voted to grant; and what may be the Produce of those Duties, in the time for which they are intended to be granted:

And they have likewise considered how far those Duties may make good those Deficiencies:

And that the Committee have commanded him to lay before the House the State of the several Funds, with their particular Deficiencies; and also an Abstract of them, under the several Heads in which the Committee had considered them:

That the Committee had not proceeded to offer their Opinion about placing the several Funds, in order to make good the Deficiencies, till they knew whether the House intended to have any particular Regard for the Deficiency of the Coal-Act, and Tonage, which is taken away by Parliament:

But the Committee, being ordered to report, specially, the State of the Petition of those Persons who had advanced the Sum of 564,700l. upon the Credit of the Act for granting several Duties upon Glass-wares, Coal, and Culm, did find, that the Allegations therein contained are true; and commanded him to report the same accordingly.

The

p-

-§ «r Hr

§ -N

g

SL;

S' J

£>- |T S>

ST" 3

r~

y?

g

cq‘

n‘

CD

Q_

cr "<

o

o

o

°£-

?T

O

r»

X

N

The NATURE of tho FUNDS, whereunfco the Deficiencies, either in the Produce, or by the clipped Money, or both, have any Relation; viz.

00

Funds expired, and Funds deficient, both in their Produce, and by clipped Money.

Second Quarterly Poll lft 4s. Aid 3d 45. Aid 4th 4s. Aid iths Customs -

'Duties on Coals

Funds taken away by Par- Nonage for the Bank whoj

Jinment, with Intention to a Ta'e a ,es or " -J have been (applied by the r Tona^e for Annuities who!

Salt-Act; with their bed-) T *>ave Tallles *<?r " "{

ciencies. Loltery An"U. £9'.v which\

were on bait- allies, are>

levied for - - J

' £.

32,692

d.

2 in Part

20,000 — — in Part 120,000 ----- --in Part

172,692 6 2

Other Funds

To complete 845,870 I. 14 s. 2 \d. appropriated for Land Services; viz-

To satisfy Tallies for Money advanced! ~ __

to the Forces, besides 12,5oo/.paidoff] 1 1,000 SiP'scription Money, per the Land-1 7 1 1 i Bank, for the Forces - - -J

the Salt-S g ( To ^hcharge Bills of Credit issued fori the Forces -j

So much due to Land Services, for\ ' which no Tallies or Bills are issued -j wMoney appropriated for Sea Services unsatisfied -

57>7°5 8 5

Funds sufficient to discharge f Hereditary and temporary Excise 6,0001* a Week their Debt, and appropri- < Post-Office Revenue, 600l. a Week -ated to the Civil List. ^Duties on Low Wines and Sweets -

Duties that have a continuance, and will be deficient; end no further Time can be granted therein.

appropriated to other Uses

f Continued Impositions Duties voted to be granted 300,000l. per Ann. Customs for further Terms, with J Additional Impositions -iheir respective Deficion- \ Duties on Vellom -cics* or Ovei values. Duties on Marriages

vHouse Money

8.

' Principal unpaid. Deficiency of the 1 Fund. I Deficiency of the clipped Money. Arrears (landing out. Surplus of the present Grants.

£. s- d. 89,965 13 4 6i,435 6 2 409,622 — 3 1,329,223 16 1 213.447 !5 9 £ d. 80,008 5 1 52,183 3 6i 19,246 5 6 j 237.503 »o nil 207,732 19 9I £. s. d. 9,267 8 3 3,439 6 10J 388,125 14 9 679,598 2 3 3,714 15 11$ £. s. d. 690 5,812 15 9 2,250 412,122 2 10J

2,103,294 11 7 598,674 4 10J 1,084,145 8 1 420,874 18 7$

560,038 — m- 548,539 18 3* 11,498 1 8J

100,000 83,664 4 4 16,335 15 8

40,000 34,199 16 9 5,800 3 3

140,000 -119,642 17 — 20,357 2 11J

840,038 786,046 16 53 53,991 3 6}

833,370 14 2i I \

I it 1,710,847 14 — 652 6 —

878,129 5 9i

1,711,500 1 >710.847 14 — 652 6 —

884,467 8 — - 118,046 9 2j 66,359 16 6 - - Nil. - - - - Nil- - - - Nil 88,696 17 4;: 11,463 16 1 573 0 9 -

1,068,872 3 8$ - 100,734 3 2\

3> 245,054 11 11 95,154 12 11 64,845 7 i*

1,612,824 18 6 898,39710 — 448,540 — 277,601 17 8J - 648,000 — — 7,38211 4 n,6oo — — 430,000 1 198,709 5 93 628,155 9 2 1 191,181 19 5: 131,066 7 3i 15,177 7 4 r 25,405 1 ioi 19,844 10 10 £. t. d. 45,000 - - Nil. - - - - NIL - - - - Nil.- - - - Nil.- -513,247 8 8

' 3.892.746 17 6j \ 1,268,464 14 ni \ 382,675 6 10 - 558,247 8 8

Term voted, at 8 per Cent.

a

£ i.

1,136,308 — 0$ 1,477,268 6 '8 284,120 — — -

255.350 ——

179*580 ——

164,680 ——

3,407,366 7 5J

o\

2-.CJ

5 8,

O

g

cg

n'

cd

Cl

CT 'C

o

o

n

Fnnds.

For what Time granted.

The Eft i mate by Parliam,

Additional Impofi-'l tions to the fame; Time - -J \V \ ne s, V ine gar, T o- bacco, &c. to the same Time - -J

Ditto -

|ds double gd. Ex-!

cife - > -J

Duties on Vetlom, to ( 1706 - -J

2d Quarterly Poll, determined - - J

from the lit of March '169-2," to the ill of March 1696

From the 23 of Jtmfe i6$6, J tol the 23 of June 1698 -

From the 23 of June 1698, to" the 29th of September 1701 -

From the 17 th of No v e mber 1^91, to the 17th of May 1697

FronTthe 28th of June 1694,10 the 28th of Junv 1698 -

For the Year ended at Christmas 1694

10

lft 41, Aid, deter- mined - -f

3d 45. Aid, deter-I mined - -/

4th 4$. Aid, deter-' mined - -f

Duties onMarriages,\ to 1706 - -J

and!

H

15

16

'7

18

19

Low Wines Sweets Duties on Houses, tol 1706 -Duties on Salt, Glass &c. - - -1

Duties on Coals, &c. 1 determined - -J Hereditary anil tern- porary Excite, J 6.000 /. per VWek I 600l. per Week, Pott!

Office Revenue -\ Jibs of the Cutioms,!

to 1706 - - f

Die Complement of*| the Salt Act -J

For the Year 1693

For the Year 1695-

For the Year 1696 -

From the lft of May 1695, to lft of May 1700 - - -/

From the 23 of March 1696, tol , the 25 March 1701 - -/

From the 25th of March 1696, to the 25th March 1703 From ihe 17th of May 1696 made perpetual -From the 17th of May 1696,! these Duties ceased - -J

fern porary Excise ^granted for\ his Maj city's Life - -J

Hereditary Be venue

Expired at Christmas 1694

j \

How'winch borrowed.

Bate of the Interest. -1 How much-

paid off.;

C

50,000 —

510,000 — — 500,000c — " —

1,500,000 — —

99d.«i5'‘ — '

314,114- r

569,29319 7 ‘

Cl 5 percent, for the 1 ft 300,000 J 6 per Cent, the 2«K 300,000

1 ....

1,896,874" l6 ‘

1,800,000 ---

1,800,000 ---

650,000 — 6,959 16 7,382 11 366,465 — 564,700 —

6

4

lof

7 per Cent, the 3d - 300*006

8 per Cent.: the 4.- - 350,000

8 per Cent.

8 ^r Cent. - - " -

5 per Cent, the ill - 400,000

6 per Cent, the 2 - 400,000

7 per Cent, the 3d - 400,000

8 per Cent, the 4 - 300,000

7 per Cent.

8 per Cent.'

The Interest at 6 per Cent, which has been paid, was out of the Money of Loans on the hereditary and temporary Excise -

7 per Cent.

5 per dent.' -

6 per Cent.

8 per Cent.

6 per Cent, the lft - 40,000

7 per Cent, the 2d - 30,000

7 per Cent, the lft - 600,000

8 per dent, the 2d - 600,006

7 per Cent.

7 per Cent.

6 per Cent, the lft- 404,467

7 per Cent, the 2d - 200,000

8 per Cent, the 3d - 200, Ooo

6 per Cent, rlt - 73,046

7 per Cent. 2d - 45,000

6 per Cent.

£ <1:

351,60a 10 — 61,460 — —

387.17s 1 5

1- -

J 754,760 8 3*

46,512 j 10 —

> 479,328 <5 3

1.835,439 10 4

1,390,377 19 9 470,776 3 11

2,000 ——

| 3,600 — —

} -

12,500

4,66*2

1 ,

I'

T — 1 The vearfiv p Deficiency Deficiency Arrears. Arrears

renjiins* ~ of ether Prodtfcfc. ! of die Fends. , of the Surplus. _ Receivers

«V clipped Money. Hands.

d. £ £. s. d. £ * d* J r

898,397- »o — ' , 375,967p«rAnn. llfiOO - 131,066' 7 3|

I 1 448.540 — 1 - — 45,066 per Ain. . 43°i00° — — 15,177 ' 7 4

; 112,824 18 6 ' 4»7,755perAnn. — m - 191,181 19 5J

1,500,00a — — As above; - As above. 45,000

245,054 11 11 190,000 per Ann. 95.154 12 11 64,845 7 ii t

' 277,601 17 ! *h 50,000 per Ann. 198I709 5 9i 25,405 1 io|

! 89.96513 4 4fi8>595 12 6 8c,698 5 1 9,267 8 3 - - 690 —

6i,435 6 2 1,920,822 12 8 52,183 3 7 3,439 6 10$ - m " 5,812 is, 9

409,624 — 3 1,846^55 6 9i 19.246 5 5* 388,125 14 9 % - - 2,250

1,319,223 16 1 1,385,91* 6 1 237.503 10 11J 679,598 2 3 - 412,122 2 loj m m

648,000 — 50,000 per Ann. 628! 155 9 2 19,844 10 10

66,359 >6 6 20,000 peV Ann.; - - 573 9 9

- - 100,000 per A nn; — --

35:5,965 — ioi 179,480 per Alin. * - 652 6 —

560,038 — — 548>539 18 3| . 1I498 1 8J

884,467 8 — 400,000 per Atm. - - 88,696 17 4|

u 8,046 9 '4 .63,000 per Ann. - - 11,463 16 1

213,447 15 9 209,732 19- 9$ f 1,508 2 \ 2,206 2 4 1 Upon the ftlis of the old Customs. jUpon the bufplus of the new Customs.

1,632,834 19 4 1,632,834 19 li 652 6 — 1 -

OS

oo

oo

33° Decembris. A. 1696.

8 W. III.

2 3 2p° DecCmbris.

6 39

Ordered, That tl*e Costfideratiofl of the kid Report be tone, one by one; and, upon die Question severally pvt

referred to the Committee of die whole Hmife, who are to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Defi<icncie$ of Parliamentary Funds.

Ju \o/vtd, That this Hou& <v ill, upon 'Tuesday Morning next, it lolve ilk If into the said Committee of the whole Hoefe.

Supply; Colonel Wharton, according to tire Order of the Day,

IteiH ir«r> reported from the Committee of the whole House, to t>i Coinage. TV|iom it w as referred to consider further of the Supply to he granrcvl to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-roming hammered Money; and the ltecompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined; the Kcsolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the llaule; and which he read in.his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints, to he coined; the Sum of 125,000l. be granted to his Majesty.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve it lei f into a -Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, lor making good the Deficiency in rc-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given lor bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, rdblved itit If into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Thursday hilt, for a Supply to be granted to his Majt ity, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the TTaillport-Dehr, lor tire Reducing of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon ITuesday Morning next.

Ways and Means.

Supply;

Transport

Debt.

thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Rill, with, the Amendments, be iu-grofled.

Mr. Har court, according to Order, presented to the Vexaripw House a Rill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suit* in u*ls* Law': And the same was received.

The Bill was read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Rill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Colonel Wharton have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Days, upon extraordinary Ocea- Absence. lions.

A Petition of the Clothworkers of the Town of Shrews- African bury, in the County of Salop, was prese nted to the House, Company, and read; letting forth, That the Royal African Company labouring under great DiiftculUes, ibr want of having their Trade secured to them against Interlopers, the Petitioners, who have their Dependance on the said Company, will be impoverillied for want of Employment, without fomefpeedy Relief: And praying, "That the Traffick of the said Company may be preservd, in such manner as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That the ConsideratioD of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Rill for settling and regulating the Trade to Afita is committed.

A Petition of the Weavers in and about Kidderminster, Ditto, in the County of Warrester, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioners, and many Hundred Families in Worcestershire, who have their chief Dependence upon the African Company, mult go a begging, in case the Trade to Africa be not rtecured to the said Company from Interlopers: And praying, That the said Trade may be preserved to the laid Company.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa xs committed.

Commissioners of Account.

'Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday come Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission; and then proceed to a new Election of Commissioners.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 290 die;

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Ditto. Council-men, together with the Inhabitants, of the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, on behalf of themselves, and others employed in and about the Making and Drolling of Woollen Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That heretofore, when the Tradeto Ajrica tvas open, the 'Petitioners fold vast Quantities of the Woollen Manufactures; which employed and maintained many Thousand 1 Families; but since the said Trade has been confined toa.Com-,pany, there has been but One Buyer, who will give blit a very low Rate; lb that they must lose by their Commodity, or let it lie a dead Stock, as they have done, the said Company not vending the fame; though other Merchants would, if they might, trade to which tvobJd

revive the Petitioners Trades, and keep the Poor employed: Anri praying, That the Trade to may be

open and free for all Persons for the future; or otherwise settled, as may be ibr the Advantage of our WhoUen Manufactures.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to is

committed.

8° Guiiclmi Tertii.

Praters.

Itede's, &c. T^'/T R. Bridges reported from the Committee, to whom

J.\ A the Bill to naturalize Frederick Christiaeii Baron de Bede, Lord A grim, and Godurt Baron dc Rede,

Sons of the Earl of Atldand others, was committed, That they had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where -the lame-were once read throughout; and then a.Second Vol. XL

A Petition of the Merchants, and others Traders of the Ditto. City of Bristol!,was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Support of the Plantations in America is of groat Advantage to this Kingdom, the Pro-dust of which is raised by the Strength of Negroes; and, -according to the greater or Idler Number of Slaves there, the Plantations flourilli: And praying, That the House w ill lay open the Trade to Africa, for Negroes, from A era to Angola> as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of ibeiaid.Petition be

referred

29* Decetnbris. A. 1696.

referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to is committed.

Excite

Duties,

A Petition of John Crippsin behalf of himself, and the rest of the common Brewers inhabiting within the King's Town and Parish of M, and Places adjacent, »as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with great Difficulty, paid 1L-veral great Sums of Money for Excise; but, by reason of the Hard Chips laid upon them by several Acts of Parliament, and particularly the late Act, for laying several Duties upon low Wines, fyc. they cannot carry on their Trades, if the same be continued: And praying. That the House will hear their Grievances, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Brewers of the City of London is referred.

Smith's A Petition of Aaron Smith was presented to the House*

Accounts. an(j rea(j. fitting forth, That, by Order of this House, the Petitioner was, by the lft of January next, to make up his Accounts before the Commissioners of Accounts; which he hath not as yet been able to do: And praying time till the 16th of January next; by which time he shall be able to finish the fame.

Ordered, That the Time for the said Aaron Smith to make up his Accounts be inlarged till the 16th Day of January next.

Bifcount on A Petition of the Clothiers, Cloth-workers, and others Bank-Notes, belonging to, or depending on, the Cloathing Manufacture in the Borough of in the Counties of

Warwick and Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That their Manufacture, though it be but linall, yet the Country doth not consume it; so that they lend it to London, and employ Factors to fell it; who inform them, That they took Bank-Notes for most of the Goods, of about 3,000l. Value, lent to London since Christmas last; the Discount of which, for ready Money, is so great, that it eats up their Profit, and, con-lequently, must ruin the Petitioners, and those poor Workmen employed by them, who already fuller extremely, if this Grievance be not speedily remedied: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Coparcenary A Bill for the more easy obtaining Partitions of Lands Land* in Coparcenary, Joint-tenancy, and Tenancy in common, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Colonel Trelaxvney, Sir , Mr. Jacob, Lord

Coningsby, Sir Win. Coriton, Mr. Mr. Manly,

Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Pudsey, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mr. Mounstevens, Mr.

Pocklington, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Foley, 'hit. Arnold, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mountague, Sir Mr.

cozcen, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Mr. Fleming, Mr.

Methwyn, Me. Farrer, Mr. Denz. Onslow, Mr. Lowther; and all the Members that serve for the Western Counties, and that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

l eave of Ordered, That Mr. Elson have Leave to go into the Abieuce. Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Fenwick'* A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford

Attainder. anc| \Jr< J>i((

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to attaint Sir John Fcn Baronet of High Treason, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Prisona and

privileged

Places.

Mr Pocklingtonreported from the Committee appointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other pre-17

tended privileged Places, may be regulated. That the said Committee had made an Order, That George Taylor Esquire, Marshal of the Prison of the King's-Bench, and Christopher Blower, the Deputy-Mavlhal, should produce their Books, and give an Account to the said Committee, of all Prisoners that were in the Custody of the preceding Marshal; and that though the said Marshal and Deputy had due Notice of their said Order, yet they had rciufed to produce their Books, or give in such Account, to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said George Taylor be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Contempt, in not obeying the Order of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Christopher Blozi'er be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his Contempt, in not obeying the Order of the said Committee.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City Hammer^ of London, in liehalf of themselves, and others, was pre- Money, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners understand, such a Construction is put upon an Act of this present Session, for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, as denars them, contrary to the Meaning of the said Act, from paying Customs, already granted, in hammered Silver Money, at 5 s. 8 d. per Ounce, after the lit Day of February next:

And praying the House to explain the said Act so, as they conceive the Meaning of it was, that they may have time till the lft of June 1697, to discharge such Customs, in the hammered Money, at 5$. 8 d. Ounce.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the encouraging the bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined, is committed, do receive a Clause, or dailies, for the more certain Passage of hammered Money, and explaining the Doubts in the said late Act for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom.

The House being acquainted, That Joseph and Phvileg*. Thomas Clark were not the Persons that arrested Colonel Lutterell, a Member of this House, although their Names were given in to the said Mr. Lutterell, by those that did arrest him; and that the Persons who really arrested the said Colonel Lutterell, and detained him in Custody, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, were Solomon Lince, Anthony Morin, and James Anderson, belonging to Jacob Broad, a Bailiff;

Ordered, That the said Solomon Lince, Anthony and James Anderson, be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Joseph Blozc and Thomas Clark be discharged out of Custody, without paying Fees.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Herne, Sir Bolks, Mr. Excite Colt, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Wm. Scarce n, Mr. Sir Duties.

Robert Clayton, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Brewers of London is referred.

Mr. Norris, according to Order, reported from the Supply; Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Trunfj>«rt to consider of a Motion made for a Supply to be granted Dd>t. to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read } and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this- Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Irelaiid.

An Amendment was proposed, before " Transport," to add, " Interest of the

And

ir :d

:e e, ij

IT :d lie Ways and

lie To Mt&ns.

id

en iis African Company.

he

Ity »r Supply;

7 rt 'L Deficiency

ft* 'I®* of Funds.

;!;e

an ‘l,*

.ilC

a

it. iey

ne

in

for

lie :or

'li- ter

a] tel

e$

id fee Tavistock Election.

in

% il

U:' if l®

IE

Coromittefs.

8 W. III.

2cf___30° D.

641

Ordered, That the f'tfid Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

greed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com- ,

mittee in the said Resolution, so amended, That a Sup- A further Petrtmn of the Company of Brewers ot ply be granted to his Majesty, for making good the De- w |)resented to the House, and read; setting forth, ficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of Th* the Petitioners lately petitioned the House to be the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Excise

Duties*

Ease of Sheriff#.

to consider of Ways and Means for raising the said Supply-

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa.

lately petitioned relieved from several Exactions practised by the Commissioners of Excise, and their Agents; which being referred to a Committee, the Petitioners are advised, T^hat the said Committee have only Power to examine the particular Matters contained in the said Petition: That, among many other Hardships the Petitioners are aggrieved by the Payment of «i double Duty for all Liquors returned from their Customers; which the said Commissioners pretend a Power to ex aft, under Colour of feme Clauses in the several Acts of Parliament concerning the Excise: And praying, That they may be relieved against

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved a}J.manner of Exactions, in relation to the Duty ot Ex-

6-.....J - cife, as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the former Petition of the said Company of Brewers is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the tame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee do also examine the Matter of the other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and report the lame, with their Opinions, thereupon, to the House.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed to move the House, That

Mr.

PocUinglon reported from the Committee ap- Prifops pointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended pretended privileged Places, may be regulated; and to privileged report their Opinion therewith to the House; That they *' had taken federal Examinations, in relation to the Matters to them referred; and had thereupon come to several

Place*.

the Governor and Directors of the Bank ofiWtfWmay Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to attend the said Committee. . the House; and which he read in his Place; and after-

Ordered, That the Governor and Directors of the Bank of England do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow

vn.

That Mr. Percival said, He was employed

as a Solicitor betwixt Mr. an Infant, and Mr.

Tilly, to procure an Act of Parliament, to enable Bromhall to fell his Interest in the Fleet Prison: And, accordingly, a Bill was brought in, which passed into an Act: and that did lay, as was informed, He obtained that Act by Bribery and Corruption.

Mrs. Ann Hancock laid, That, on the 19th January

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, w94i fte 7*2* £ Mn5^' Warden, or Deputy-That all Committees be revived; Warden, of the Meet Prison. to desire that he would not

Ordered, That Francis Cuningham do attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Monday, the 11 th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the After-

noon, to testify his Knowledge, touching the late Election of a Burgess to lerve in tins present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon.

Courtney'*

festate.

Warden, of the Fleet Prison, to desire that he would not protest Mr. Fraticis Guy, his Clerk of the Papers; who, lhe said, was perjured: But Mr. Tilly answered. He had Occasion for such Men; for that the Rules of his Prison extended to the East and; and when any Person was feed to an Execution, he could but look over the Bar, and have Two Witnesses to swear he was then actually in Prison, though he was 40 Miles off: She then afleed Mr. Tilly, What he would do, if this Matter was brought into the Parliament-House ? To which he laid, What would you do there ? For them, I can do what I will withall, they were all such a Company of bribed Villains; that, to his Knowledge, they would all take Bribes; and that it coll him 300 L for his Share, and 300l. for the other Shop, meaning the King's-Bench, for bribing a Committee of the lall Parliament: She then said, If it was so, She mull go into the House of Lords: To which he replied. It was only palming Five or Six talking Ix>rds with 100 Guineas apiece, and they would A Petition of DorotheaTref ms, Spmller, was presented quash au the rest . Then flic said, She must apply to the to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is King and Council, and fee what they would do: To a Bill depending in the House, to enable Trustees to fell whj^ 2'illey answered, That the best of my Lord Keep-the Estate of Humphry Courtney, late of Tremeere in the er-s perqUjfites were what he gave him; and as for the County of Cornwall, Esquire, deceased, for Payment of jU(it,eS) j]iey were all such a Parcel of Rogues, that they his Debts: That the said Mr. Courtney was, in his Life- w ou|(j fwau0w his Gold faster than he would give it time, indebted to the Petitioner 3001, upon Bond: And tj, em. an(j as for the Members of the House of Com-praying, That the Payment of her said Debt may be mon9> What would lhe do with them ? for a great many provided for by the said Bill, if it pals. of them were Members of his House:

YouXI. v 8 A Tto*

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercuni, 30* die Decembris;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Sir John Bucknall and Sir Henry Goff be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, is committed: And that the said Committee have Leave to fit de die in diem.

1 ..ji

Prisons and pretended privileged Places.

641 $o0 Decembris. A. 1696.

That about Two or Three Ye^s since, Tilly told her That he wished there was a Rebellion; for he could turn out 2 or 3,000 stout Men, who would fight bravely for King Janies: And that he would undertake to bring Three Men out of the Fleet, One of which should say, That he saw the Money brought; and the other Two should swear. That They saw the Money paid: And that if he could but fee her Name written, he could so counterfeit it, that (he should not know the Difference:

That file had formerly done very good Services for Mr. Tilly; which occasioned him to talk so freely with her.

Mr. John Gilbert said. That he has often heard Mr. Tilly say, in Conversation, talking of the Committees of the House of Lords, and House of Commons, That he did not fear them, as long as he had Money; for that he had several Friends amongst them, which he could -bribe: And, if he could but get Money, he did not care how he came by it: That, travelling to Cambridge with Mr. Tilly, he frequently discoursed of his bribing the Committees of both Houses.

Mr. Walter Hobson, late Clerk of the Papers to the Fleet, being aiked, If he never heard Mr. Tilly say, That he had given Money to stop Proceedings in Parliament? said, He did not remember, that he ever heard him say so: But one Francis Duncomb, a now Tipllaff to the Fleet declared, That he had carried 2 or 300l. to the Parliament-House.

Mr. Maddux,a Tipstaff, said. That Duncomb being

absent from his Business in the , some time last Parliament, when Alderman Walla' was Chairman of a Committee the Informant aiked Duncomb where he had been? To which he replied, That he had been with 2 or 300 /. at the Parliament-House: And being further aiked, What he did with it there ? he answered, He could not tell who had it; but they had it amongst them.

Fraiwis Duncomb denied, that he ever had any Money to carry to the Parliament-House; or that he ever had any such Discours'e with Hobson or Maddox:

But they bothjuftified it to his Face: And Hobson further said, That he had heard Duncomb say to that Purpose Six or Seven times.

That, to the Credit of Duncomb,

Mr. George Townsend, an Attorney, said, That a Habeas Corpus was brought to remove a Prisoner from the Marshalsea to the Fleet, who was removed by Duncomb and the Name of the first Prisoner was raled out, and another Name inserted in the same Habeas Corpus, to remove another Prisoner: This was supposed to be done by Duncomb, whom Mr. Townsend summoned to appear before my Lord Chief Justice to answer the said^Abuse; and offered him Money, not to prosecute; but Duncomb produced an Affidavit of one Coxhead, who had forged the Stamp, and absconded thereupon, thereby owning that he rtiade the Rasure; but afterwards Coxhead told the Informant, That he did it by the Direction and Per-- suasion of Duncomb.

Mr. Hobson said. That Duncomb made Affidavit, That one Mr. Day, being his Prisoner, was refeued from him by some Gipsey-Women, as he was bringing Day to Town: But Mr. Day afterwards laid, there was no such Thing.

That, to the aforesaid Informations, Mr. Tilly answered i

That, as to Mrs. Hancock, Ihe told him, That, if he would not pay Cruye's Debt to Mr. Gilbert, lhe would be revenged of the Informant: And, as to her Credit, lhe robbed her Husband on the Road, in Man's Cloaths; and lives in Adultery with the said Gilbert: And can bring a Hundred Witnesses to invalidate her Testimony:

That what Duncomb Mud he hopes it shall not affect him; Mr. Townsend having given him his Character:

And denied the whole Accusation in general.

Mrs. Hancock said, That, on Monday the 21 December, since her former Examination, Major Walden came to her, from Mr. Tilly, and told her, That if lhe would not give Evidence against Mr. Tilly, he would pay Gil-22

bert's Debt, and give her too/, besides: And the Major came to her a Second time, and told her, Tilly's Money flew about like Feathers out of an opened Feather-bed in a windy Day; and that he could not pay her all, but (he should have it in a Day or Two; and came again, on Wednesday Morning, the 23th of , before this

her Information, and told her. If lhe would then forbear to give her Evidence, lhe should have the Money on the Morrow, or within a Day or Two: And the Informant aiked the Mqjor, Why he was so zealous for Tilly? Who answered. He was a Prisoner in Execution, and was obliged to serve him. '

Mrs. Kelly said, That Mrs. Hancock lodges at her House; and that, on the 22th Instant, at Night, Major Walden came to Mrs. Hancock-, and the Informant heard him oiler for Mr. Tilly to pay Gilbert's Debt, and give her 100l. if lhe would not give Evidence against Tilly; iky ing. She should have a healing Salve for the Affronts Tilly had given her.

Mr. Gilbert said, That he heard Major Walden say to the same Effect; and that he came from Mr. Tilly.

That, to the Three last Informations, Mr. Tilly fdid; That he knows nothing of the Matter; nor that Major Walden was out of Prison: And denies, he ever had any Order from him to make any such Offer, or treat with Mrs. Hancock; but, perhaps, the Major and Guy might have some Discourse or Contrivance to pay Gilbei't his Debt: And that, it may be, they have heard Tilly say, he would give 1001, that he might never more be troubled with Mrs. Hancock:

That Major Walden is a Prisoner in Execution; and therefore cannot bring him before the Committee; but 1 defil ed the Assistance of the Committee, that he may be examined:

That Mrs. Kelly lives in White-Fryers: And that Gilbert mult say what Mrs. Hancock pleales:

And that Tilly said. He had desired several Persons to attend the Committee, in order to his Vindication, who dare not appear, for fear of Mrs. Hancock.

That the Committee proceeded to inquire into the Abuses and Irregularities of the Fleet and s-Bench Prisons;

And, First, The Fleet.

Mr. Brunskill said, That one John Evans was committed a Prisoner to die Fleet, at the Suit of Mr. John Jennings; and afterwards. Evans was suffered to go at large; who went into the Country, and abused Jennings though he was then actually charged in Execution: Of which the Informant complained to Mr. Tilly; who said, He would fetch him in, if Brunskill would not bring a Habeas Corpus: But he did bring a Habeas Corpus; and then Tilly returned an Evasit: And, upon another Habeas Corpus, he was charged at the Bar, and named his

Attorney, and received a Declaration: Upon which there was a Fiat Breve; and Evans was again suffered to go at large: And the Informant complained to Mr. Tilly of it; but he made flight of it; saying, That, in a Term, he would have Evans in again: So that Jennings, finding he should have no Benefit by his Prosecution, was forced to compound his Debt.

Mr. Walcot Hobson said. That in Trinity Term 169',', Mr. Fox, the late Warden, turned over the Prison to Mr. Church, the presentWarden: At which time there wasabove One thousand Prisoners; but not above One hundred, or One hundred and Fifty, turned over; of which there is a Roll in the Common Pleas; and for which, only, the Warden thinks himself only chargeable in case of Escapes.

That Mr. Tilly, in Fox's time, as well as now, was the chief Manager of the Prison; and made Contracts with the Prisoners; and receives the Perquisites, and Rents; and gives all Orders in the Fleet: And knows, That Mif. Tilly, and his Agents, have received 10, 20, and

30 Guineas a Man, for Liberty: And that where One goes out, by virtue of a Day-Writ, Forty go abroad without it: And cannot fa v, That Prisoners in Execution have Leave to go out of the Rules; but the Warden does connive at it, and often knows that they do lb.

Major

8 W. IHL 3°9 Dwemiris. 643

Majdr Richardson knowB, That^Mr. Tilly frequently lets -Prisoners -out at lame, who dre< changed in Execution; and, ' particularly, one Thomas Pitcher, -who1 being Tenant to Lands, Part of a Charity demifed to him by the Company- of Haberdashers, and in Afrfear of Rent, the said Company sued him to an Execution, for 388/. with which he was charged in the Fleet, in Trinity Term last: That the Informant went to Mr. Church, to difire that Piteher-might be kept a close Prisoner: Who promised hefhOuld: - But Mr. Tilly, who assumes all the Power of the Fleet to himself, presently gave Pitcher Liberty; who werit into the Country, and entered on the Premises, dug up Clay and committed Waite1; and has gone where he pliales ever since June last: By which Liberty he conceives the Poor are like to lose their Debt:

That it is the Custom of the Warden and Marshal, when they enter into their Places, to have some few Prisoners turned over to them, that are in Custody; and inquire for such as are at large; and, if they have any Mohey, they lend for them in, and squeeze Money out of them; and then give them their Liberty again:

That one Hudson, a Player, was committed, in Execution, for 201, at the Suit of one Weeks, a poor Man: And Hudson had his Liberty; but told Weeks, It colt him

100l. to the Warden of the Fleet; but did not pay the Ddbt:

That he think's it very requisite, That the Fees of all Prisons should be settled: For that he knows a poor Man, that now is a Prisoner in the Gate-house, that pays 16 s. a Week for a Room: And also, That the Inheritance of the Prison should be made liable to Escapes.

Maddox laid, That Pitcher had, for a Fortnight last, for the most part, been at the Informant's House, which is within the Rules of the Fleet.

Mr. Tregonea, an Attorney, said, That, in 1694, one John Scoltock, an Ironmonger, being in Debt, communicated his Circumstances to one Jordan, an Agent for Mr. Tilly, who advised him to carry his Goods into the Fleet, and there both his Body and Goods should be protested: Accordingly Scoltock carried in about 200 I. worth of Goods; and Mr. Tilly let him a Room at 6 s. per Week, wherein he put his said Goods, and locked them up, and kept the Key: That Tilly agreed to lett Scoltock a House, to carry on his Trade in, at 20 /. per Annum Rent; and took 51, for a Quarter's Rent before-hand; but, another Person being in Possession, Scoltock could not have the House, without paying him a Cohsideration: That Jordan procured a Warrant of Protection from Mr. Fox to Scoltock, appointing Two of his Sons, and several others, to be his Keepers, which COft him about 2 /. 165. 4 (which was shewn to Tilly, who believed it to be Fox's Hand): But Scoltock, finding himself abused by Mr. Tilly, left the Fleet (not being a Prisoner), and font his Wife to dernand the said 51, and the Goods; but Tilly told her, The Service he had done her Husband was worth 50 Guineas more; and he expected so much; and would not part with the Goods till the same was paid:

That the Door of the Room where the Goods were locked up was broken open, and most Part of them gone, by Mr. Tillye's Order, as Mrs. Scoltock told the Informant; 6f which she made Affidavit before Judge Rokeby; who seemed to be of Opinion, That breaking open the Door, and taking away the Goods, was Felony:

That Scoltock moved the ‘Court of Common-Pleas against Fox and Tilly for the Goods, and 5 /.; and obtained a Rule of Court for them; and received the 5/. and some of the Goods:

'And laid, all Prisoners were committed to Fox, as Warden; but he could do nothing without Tilly's Leave: That one Mrs. Drinkwell had a Debt due from one Conyers',who was sued to an Execution, and committed to Ihe'i'teer thereupon: ButConyers made his Terms with Tilly, or his Agents; and was at Liberty, and seen every Day in the StreetS, without ever going into the Fleet-, as Conyers told Mrs. Drinkwell; and that it cost him 40 Guineas for his Liberty: That Mrs. Drinkwell brought an Action Vol. XI.

of Efrape against Tbx, and with much Cost and Delay, Prison* r.nd recovered Judgment: But then Fb.r surrendered to Church, pretended and went aWay; there being, at that time, about 12 Flvll*ge<l Judgfnents-against him, for betwixt 2 and 3,000 /.: And Pacts‘ said. He had rather take 12 d.a Week for a Debt of 50 /. than commit a Prisoner to the Fleet: Though, at last,

Mrs. Drinkwell did get her Debt, through Favour.

Mrs. Scoltock affirmed what Mr. Tregonea said, concerning her Husband, to be true:

And further said, That Jordan told her. That Mr.

Tilly had fold several of her Husband's Goods to one that lives at the Angel in Moorfeilds: And the Informant law several of the Goods carried away in a Cart, and then demanded them of Mr. Tilly; but he said, She should have none of them; and never had above 10/. worth of 200 /. back again.

Mr. Tilly said, That he thinks himself no more liable to anl'wer for Goods brought into the Fleet, than my Lord Nottingham is for those brought into White-Fryers: Scoltock agreed to take a House at 201, per Ann. Rent, and paid 5 /. before-hand; for which he had a Rule of Court, and it was repaid: But knows not who broke open the Door, nor what became of the Goods loft.

Mr. Hobson said, That it is the constant Practice to take yearly 2 or 300 Persons, as he believes, into the Protection of the Fleet, though they were never arrested or committed: And that he has often heard Mr. Tilly say, That, for to or 20 Guineas, he could make a new Warden, when he pleased: And has heard, and believes, several Persons were font about the Rules, to raise Contribution-money of the Prisoners, to obstruct a Bill from passing in the late Parliament; and one Mr. Rossiter, a Prisoner, said, He gave Two Guineas towards it: And Mr. Lentall, a Prisoner at large, was fetched into Prison, and a Note was gotten by Jordan and Mr. Lucy from him, by Mr. Tillye's Order, as the Informant has heard, for 100 or 130/. towards obstiucting the said Bill: And Spencer, the Turnkey, said, The Note was made payable to Tilly; and Hobson believes the Money was paid:

That Mr. Fox said, Tilly told him. He had bought a repeating Clock, or Watch, to present to Aldermen Walter, the Chairman of the Committee: This Mr. told Hobson:

Believes, That in Two Years time, w hile Fox was Warden, Mr. Tilly made about 8,000 /. in Gratuities, Chamber-Rents, Commitment-Fees, and other Perquisites; for that he takes 20 or 30 Guineas a Man for Enlargement; as he has owned: But Mr. Man lave took only a Commitment-Fee:

That one John Tucker was turned over, in Execution, to the Fleet, and the Commitment pretended to be loft; and so he was suffered to go at Liberty:

That he has torn out several Leaves of the Commitment-Book, by Tillye's Order, of, he believes, 150 Commitments, to prevent discovering what Actions there were against the Prisoners:

That Sir Thomas Williams was committed a Prisoner, in Execution, and no Entry made of his Commitment; but he was suffered to go at Liberty, without ever putting him into the Fleet: And believes, There are about 200 Prisoners out at large, who are charged in Executions, whose Debts amount to more than the Inheritance of the Fleet is worth:

That, by Mr. Tillye'sOrders, he has several times returned, upon an Habeas Corpus, Null' Prisoner'; though he was in Prison at several Suits:

That several Judgments were obtained against the late Warden Mr. Fox; to some of which he brought Writs of Error, being never unprovided of Persons that would be Bail for 20 or 40 s. Reward; which one Windus, of the Fryers, and one Mr. Newbery, uled to procure; such as John Collingicood, and Two Tudors, and some others whom he cannot name; but they would swear themlel ves of Value, though not worth a Groat:

That, when he belonged to the Fleet, he used to go, or fend, to several of the Prisoners, to know if they would have Day-Writs; and, particularly, to Mr. Rossington, and

Mr.

644 3°° Decentbr 1696.

Prisons and Mr. Pitts; who answered, That they had agreed with

pretended Mr. Tilly, and went where they pleased without them,

privileged or a Keeper j which is an Elcape: And Tilly used to

Places. reckon it a bad Day's Work when he did not get 201.

Mr. Braddon said, That, about a Week since, one Mr. Reddock, a Yorkshire Attorney, told him, That Mr. Fox came into Yorkshire, to look after his out-lying Deer, meaning Prisoners at large, w ho had his Prote6lion-Warrant; and, if any Person was under Apprehension of Arrest, 'twas but agreeing with him, and taking such a Warrant, and entering it with the Sheriff of the County, and then the Debtor was safe; for 'twas in vain to take out Process in any inferior Court to the Common-Pleas; because the Person was looked upon to be a Prisoner in the Fleet.

Mr. Praed said, That he obtained a Decree in Chancery against one Mr. War, for 6,000 /. who was committed a Prisoner to the Fleet, by Process of the Court of Chancery, for Non-payment of Colts, about Thiee Years since; and, soon after his Imprisonment, Tilly came to Mr. Praed, and desired that he might have the Management of War, and he should get a Peny out of him; saying, He would be discharged of course, if he would pay the Costs: That War has ever since bad his Liberty; Tilly owning he had a considerable Gratuity for it: But Mr. War about a Month ago, lent his Son to Mr. Praed, to tell him, He was weary of Tilly's Usage; who had had of him 100l.; and desired to make an end with Mr. Praed; but nothing is yet done.

Mr. Thomas Gery said, That there are Articles made between Church and Ford, in Trust for Mr. Tilly, touching the Fleet: That Tilly agreed to grant a Lease, for Seven Years, of the Fleet, to Church, and Francis Gery, the Informant's Brother, who were to be Partners, for 1,000l. Fine, and 1,500l. per Annum Rent; and Church was to pay 400 /. and Gery 600 /. of the Fine: That, accordingly, the Lease was executed, and Gery paid his 600 /. to Tilly; but, Church failing to pay his 400l. Mr. Tilly cancelled the Lease, and reful'es to pay back the 600 /. to Gery, to this Day: That this Matter was agreed to be referred to the Arbitration of Mr. George and the Parties were to be bound in 1,000 /. Bonds, to stand to the Award; but, when they came to enter into Bond, Mr. Tilly refuted to execute his.

Mr. Townesend said, He has seen the cancelled Lease; but knows not by whom it was cancelled: And believes Gery has been much abused; and that he never had his Money again.

Mr. Tilly said, That there are Accounts between him and Gery:And that Gery has brought his Bill in Chancery, to be relieved; and therefore, he thinks, his Demands, being on private Contract, are not properly before the Committee.

Mr. John Stone, an Attorney, laid, That he has sued the present Warden Church to an Execution, for 45 /. for the Escape of one Proudfoot; but could have no Satisfaction till the laftTerm, when he received 20/. Part of it, from Church and Tilly, after about Two Years Prosecution: That lie has turned over a Prisoner to the Fleet at Night, and the next Morning he has gone and found no such Prisoner there: And has brought many Habeas Corpus to bring up a Prisoner to the Bar; but could never have them brought up.

Mr. Wteeks said, One Hudson, a Player, owed him 30/.; for which he sued him to Execution, and he was committed a Prisoner to the Fleet; but soon after had his Liberty, and frequently acted at the Playhouse; of which he complained to Mr. Church; w ho said, Hudson was Mr. Tillye's Creature: Then Weeks went to Tilly, and asked him. Why he did not take him up ? He swore, God damn you, take up the Warden! You Tradesmen are all Cheats: But, at last, Tilly said, He would take him up: And afterwards Hudson agreed to pay 10/. down, and 20 s. a Week, till the Debt was paid; but did not perform his Agreement: And Hudson told Weeks, That it had cost him, at times, about 100 /. to the Warden, and his Agents, for his Liberty.

Tilly said, The Warden had Security for Hudson's true Imprisonment; and offered Hudson's Affidavit, as Evidence; but the Committee did not think fit to receive it.

Mr. Joseph Dell, Attorney, said, That he had brought several Habeas Corpus to the Fleet, of which he could get no Return; but, if the Court be moved, perhaps may get a Return of One in Three.

Mr. Turton, Attorney, said, One Charles Turner was a Prisoner in the Fleet, as he was informed; and Turton went to the Fleet, to charge him with an Action; but 'twas denied there was any such Prisoner; though, soon after the Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, they owned Turner to be a Prisoner, in order to have him discharged:

That one Miles Larkin, after Three Habeas Corpus, was charged in Execution; notwithstanding which he continues at his House in Chelseaand tells his Creditor, He will live there in spite of this Teeth; but, on Sunday was Sevennight, he was fetched into the Fleet, to satisfy the Committee of his imprisonment, as he suppoles: That Colonel Dean was taken in Execution at the Suit of one Edwards, and carried to the Horn Tavern; and there let go at Liberty, without ever being carried to the Fleet:

That he brought a Habeas Corpus to charge one Man in Execution; but he is suffered to go into the Country; so that he has no Fruit of it.

Mr. Peter Courtney, Attorney: That he took one Trodue, in Execution, for 20 /.; who was committed about Three a Clock in the Afternoon, and about Five, the same Day, came to the Informant's Chamber, and abused the Plaintiff; who afterwards moved the Court, and had a Rule to keep him arcta Custodia; upon which, the Defendant was taken up, and paid his Fine; and immediately was let loose again, and is now at Li-, berty:

That he had Mr. Henry in Execution, for

400 /. who is seen abroad every Day, though the Debt i» not paid.

Mr. Dell said, That he has an Action of 300 /. against the said Mr. Killigrew: And that there are several Executions against one Pollexfen; who has his Liberty, though charged therewith

Mr. George Norcott laid, He had one Winn, a Prisoner, charged in Execution for 20/. 10$.; and that he is at Liberty; and has taken a Lodging just under the Plaintiff's Nose.

To- these Complaints, in general, Mr. Tilly answered; That lie had purchased the Inheritance of the Fleet, under the Title of an Act of Parliament:

That he has satisfied all or most Actions for Escapes made in Fore's time; being engaged for him: And that there may be some few since; for Recovery whereof the Law is open; and believes, The Inheritance of the Fleet is liable to make satisfaction: And that he has been concerned therein about Three Years.

As to the King's-Bench Prison;

Mr. Bradford said, That he employed Mr. Courtny to sue William Sutton, at the Suit of one Mr.; and he was charged, in the King's-Bench, with an Execution, for 1,200l.; and yet is suffered to go at Liberty; and has been seen at Jonathan's Coffee-house, and at;

and was lately at the Lord Chief Justice's, for a Warrant; and tells Bradford, He will never pay him Oue-Peny: And that he can never get any thing of him.

Mr. Blower, the Deputy-Marshal, said, That an Afition of Escape is brought against the present Marshal, Mr. Taylor -, who is a Man of an Estate sufficient, and ready, to answer that Matter, if recovered:

And said, That Taylor had not been Marshal above Seven or Eight Months; and does not suffer any Prisoners in Execution to go at large; nor any others, without giving Security, except such whose Debts are under 5 /.; And that Taylor is the real Marshal, and has the foie Profits of the Prison; and keeps the Books, and Custody-Bonds; and the Informant acts for him in his Absence, and has a

Salary

8 W. III. 3 o° Decembris.

Salary from him for his Service; and has given Security for the due Execution of his Office, as Deputy.

Mr. Taylor said to the same Effect: and that Blower only acts for him in Term-time, when he is obliged to w ait on the Lord Chief Justice; for which he pays him a Salary: And that Blower has given him personal Security, to the Value of 4,000 and has a Power to give Notes for Liberty to Prisoners:

But the Marshal and BlouCr being asked the Names and Nature of the Security, they laid, It was by Bond; but refilled to discover the Persons Names.

Mr. Foot Onslow: That, about Eight Months since, he

went to the King's-Bench Prison, to charge one Isaac

Butler in Execution, who was a Prisoner in Briggs' time; but the now' Marllial said, He had no such Prisoner; for that he had but 25 Prisoners turned over to him by the late Marshal; and Mr. Onslow telling him he would complain to the Parliament, he made light of it.

Mr. IBhistonsaid. That Blower told him, He was the

Marshal of the King's-Bench, and paid Mr. Z>enta//1,500l. per Ann. for the Office; and that Mr. Taylor was only

th orn in to take him off from Escapes: This Blower said at Richmond, as he was at Dinner, before many others; of which fVhr ion offered to make Oath.

Blower ow ned he dined with Mr. but denied

the Discourse aforesaid.

Mr. Joseph Dell said, That he has often brought Actions against Prisoners in the King's-Bench; and that, in 1089, lie brought an Action against one Benjamin Kellow, and charged him in Execution: but lie was let at Liberty; and then Dell was forced to bring an Action of Eicupo against the then Marshal; and had Judgment against him; but he brought a Writ of Error, and afterwards a Bill in Chancery; and, when he could stand it out no longer, he quitted the Office; and another Marshal was sworn in;, and, after that, several others; so that the Plaintiff could have no Effect of his Judgment, which coftabout 150/. in prosecuting, though the Debt was but 100 I.; And laid, He has been served so Three or Four times by the Marshals: So that a Man had better lose his Debt than luc the ^larihul for an Elcape:

That Kellow, during the time of his being a Prisoner in the King's-Bench, was taken in Kent for robbing on the Highway;

That Fa/ringtonhas all Briggs' Securities; yet will

pay none of the Judgments recovered against Briggs; and Farrington, last Term, employed Mr. /Batts, an Attorney, to file about 30 Declarations, as Dell believes, against Persons, for Chamber-Rent, as due to Briggs.

Mr. /Baits owned, That he was employed to lue for Chamber-Rent due to Briggs:

And being asked, Who had the Profits of the Office in Briggs' time, whether he or Farrington ? he answered, That as he was an Attorney, he rauft not discover his Clients Secrets: But, being pressed to it, he said, He did not know but that Briggs' Security-Bonds were all at Farringtons House.

Mr. Dell said, That it's a common thing for Blower and the Marshal to fend for Prisoners, that were dil'charged in Briggs' time, under Colour of a fresh Pursuit; and break up their Houses, and bring them into Prison; particularly, one Tho. Wilherden, from was served i'u.

To which, Blotter only answered, That he has agreed that Matter.

Mr. Dell said, That, if a Person sues a Prisoner in the King's'-Benchto Execution, the Officers there teach the Prisoner to put in dilatory Pleas; whereby Judgment cannot be gotten under 14 or 15/.: And this they do to discourage the Plaintiff from prosecuting, that the Marshal may not be liable to an Elcape.

Mr. /Vhiston said, One Stevens, a Merchant, lately went, with his Goods, to the Value of 2 or 3,000 in Wines, which he run into the Rules; and had them under Protection of the Marshal; whereby the King was cheated of his Cuiioms; and Blower bought them of hitn: And Whist on laid. He can prove it by other Persons:

Vol. XI,

But Blower denied it.

That Two Letters, directed to Mr. Speaker, from Prisons and John Lewis and Robert Lewis, Prisoners in the King's- Pr«tend*<J Bench, complaining of great Severities and Abuses com- p^!e^e mitted by the now Marshal, and his Deputy, were read before them;

To which, Mr. Blower said, That John and Robert Lewis were committed for N on-payment of a Fine of

1,000 Marks apiece to the King, being convicted of Forgery and Perjury; for which also they stood on the Pillory: And, being informed, That they intended to make their Elcape, by blowing up the Lock, the Informant searched, and found Two Pounds of Gunpowder in their Custody; and desired them to attempt nothing of that Nature again; but afterwards, about Three Months ago, they were heard talking again of making their Escape; of which Blower being informed, he found Ropes and Staples in their Chamber, which he supposes were to be made use of for that Purpose; and then did cause them to be brought from the common Side of the Prison to the Matter Side, which is the stronger, and parted them into Two Rooms; where they have good Beds to lie on, without paying any thing for them: And said, That what was done was only to secure them; but he should be glad to be rid of them.

Mr. Reynolds, Deputy-Clerk of the Peace for Surrey, said. Several Prisoners of the King's-Bench, who were brought to the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace for that County, in order to their Discharge, pursuant to an Act for Relief of poor Prisoners, made Oath that they could not be brought up till they had paid Money to Mr. Blower, contrary to the said Act:

And delivered a Paper of their Names, and Sums by them paid.

Mr. Blott er said. That he does not remember that any of those Prisoners paid him any thing for their Discharges; but believes Richard Brown, one of them, paid him about 27 s.for his Liberty within the Rules; and that Sarah

Fellowes, another of them, might pay him 30 s. for Chamber-Rent before the Act took Place.

Mr. Francis GeryAi'aid, That the Money with which

as to the Fleet,jMr. Tilly bought his Office, was the

Informant's; but can receive no Satisfaction for it:

That whilst he was Warden, which was but a little while, one White, who was a Prisoner at the Gatehouse for Debt, and a Creature of Mr. Tilly's, removed himself, by Habeas Corpus, to the Fleet; where he had Two Chambers assigned him by Mr. Tilly: and Gery, going to search the Rooms, found Utensils for Clipping and Melting of Silver there: That White was since convicted of Clipping, and got Reprieves, several times, as it is thought, by Tilly's means.

Hobson said, White was very great with Tilly; and received his Rents for Ibme time.

Mr. Mathew Dove laid, That his Brother-in-Law, Peter Wade, w as a Prisoner in the Fleet; and, Mr. Tilly giving him his Liberty, he fell sick at; and the Officers of the Fleet, vis. Mr. Tilly, Lucy, and Jordan, came to the Hohle where he was, and made a Will, below Stairs, turning all the People out of the House; and then they made /Bade execute it, though he had desired, that they might be kept out of his Chamber: By which Will he gave about 3001, per Ann. to indemnify For and Tilly, and their Heirs, from all Escapes; and made Lucy his Executor, giving him the Remainder of his Estate j though Wade had a Son then living, of about Eight or Nine Years of Age: That the Informant entered a Caveat, at Doctors-Commons, against proving of the said Will; and has contested it; and the same is made void; but Tilly and Lucy have appealed to the Delegates;

where the same is now depending.

Edward Wright said, That Colonel Plater, who lives in the Savoy, came to him, and asked Wright, If he was a Prisoner. in the Fleet; for if he was, this was a proper time to get himself clear there, if he could give any Evidence against Mrs. Hancock.

Mr- Francis Smith said, That one Alexander Smith, a

8 £ Matter

<0° Decemb

A. 1696.

snd Master of a Vessel, owed him Money, and put himself into the Fleet; but Tilly Jet him out immediately; and then Smith filed a Bill against the Warden; but Tilly bad the Plaintiff" go on, if he would; for he should never get a Farthing:

That he had a Dutch Merchant in Execution in the Fleet, whom he took off the Exchange, who was soon Suffered to go at large; and then he told the Informant he did not care a Fart for him, nor his English Laws.

As to die Savoy;

Roger Roberts, a Taylor, laid, That he went to the House of Sarah Morgan, who keeps a Vi£tualling-house

In Somerset-house Yard, and sent for one William Hughes, who also keeps a Vffiiualling-house in in the

Savoy, in Order to demand a Debt of 4 /. 5 s. which he owed Roberts, upon Bond; but Hughes came, in a riotous manner, with a Mob; which Roberts perceiving, would have made his Escape from them; but the said Sarah Morgan Stopped him, and he was knocked down, and much wounded; and a Cane, Tobacco-box, and a Pair of Bucklkin Gloves, taken out of the Room where he was; but yet all this did not satisfy Hughes, though Roberts offered to discharge the said Debt, and to spend 5 s. upon the Company, lb he might have his Liberty; but they proceeded to pal's Sentence upon Roberts, and, accordingly, firipped him stark naked, and befineared him all over with Tar, and strewed Feathers upon him; then they tied a Rope about his Middle, and led him about the Savoy where they pleased; after that, they led him all along the Strand, crying out, A Bailiff! A Bailiff! and, in that Condition, tied him to the May-pole, where they made him kneel down upon his Knees, and curse his Father and Mother; and then they let him go: But, had not some charitable People taken Pity of the Informant, he believes the Mob had knocked him o' the Head, before he could get home, though he lived but in:

That Sarah Morgan, Wil Hughes, and one James

Keu'ton, and several others of the , unknown, were abetting and afliliing to the Mob in this Abuse.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Helblutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Extortions and ill Practices of the Marshal of the King's-Bench, and Warden of the in the Execution of their several Offices, are l'candalous, illegal, and grievous to the Subject.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Limits of the Prisons of the and

Fleet be ascertained by Act of Parliament; and that, if any Prisoner be leen out of the said Limits, it shall be deemed an Escape.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon Conviction of the Officer for such Escape, the Fee of such Office shall be forfeited into the Hands of his Majesty; and that Satisfaction, out of the said Office, (hull, in the first Place, be made to such Creditor or Creditors of him that made his Escape, for such Actions as he then itood charged with; and that th^ Person who has the Fee of either of those Offices, shall execute the same in his proper Person, or by his Deputy; for whom he that has the Fee shall be answerable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Person or Persons, in whom the Inheritance of each of the said Offices of the said Prisons, Prison-houses, and Buildings thereunto belonging, are, may be obliged to inroll the Deed or Deeds, whereby their respective Titles do accrue thereto respectively; viz. in the Court of King's Bench, and in the Court of Common Pleas; and that all future Alienations of the same shall be lb inrolled; otherwise, to be void.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Mint, White-Fryers, the Savoy, and all other pretended privileged Places, be l'uppressed.

The First and Second Resolutions, being severally read, a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put, thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed therein: cis. after " Fee," to inlert " and Profits;" and to leave out " forfeited into the Hands of his Majesty ;" and, instead thereof, to inlert " fcquellered \

And tire same were, upon the Question severally put ' thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Kesolution, so amended, That, upon Conviction of the Officer for such Escape, the Fee and Profits of such Office shall be sequestered; and that Satisfaction, out of the said Office, shall, in the First Place, be made to such Creditor or Creditors of him that made his Escape, for l'uch Actions as he then Itood charged with; and that the Person who has the Fee of either of those Offices, shall execute the same in his proper Person, or by his Deputy; for whom he that has the Fee shall be answerable.

The Resid ue of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Pocklington also reported, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That a Bill might be brought in, pursuant to the said Informations and Resolutions, in order to redress the Grievances aforesaid.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Pocklington, Mr.

Mr. Colt, Sir William Coriton, and Mr. Manley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That John Tilly Esquire be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That it be referred to the said Committee, to examine the said Mr. Tilly, and the Marshal of the King's-Bench, to lb much of the said Report, as relates to this House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a.

Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit de die in diem: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And that Mr. Arnold and Sir Phillip Bullet be added to the said Committee.

A Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks Prohibiting and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia Sllks> and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, Calllc0€S>J,c*

was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Fill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Petitions, which have been laid upon the Table till the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel upon the said Petitions for, and against, the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas{^" G^m' }.

Tellers for the Noes,{^ ^n}"9-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Committee do hear the Petitioners themselves, upon the said Petitions relating to the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.'

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^9 consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Ma- 0 jetty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

Mr.

1

Ifi

to

i-

jis

a

i*

ad

J

u

t#

iii

4

tj

Ways and ' Means.

'Committees.

Griffith's

Eiiate.

Committees.

Carmarthen

Writ.

Duty on Glass.

Fafe of Sheriffs,

Prisons and pretended privileged Places.

Preventing Exportation of Wool.

Vexatious

Suits,

8 W. III. 30° — 31° Decembris. 647

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pinnell, Sir Cha.Raleigh, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Stone house, Sir Mr.

Iloblyn, Sir Alarm. Wivett, Sir Tho. Mr. PhiUipps, Sir Alalh. Andrews, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Daniel/,

Mr. Carey, Mr. Alaiulit, Sir 'Sam. Mr.

iManley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Ogle, Mr. tens, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Henley, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Lara -ther, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. London, Mr. Sir Robert

Davei's, Mr. Hammond; and all that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompense to be giveu for bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 31* die Decembris;

8*Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

f ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sale of the Estate of late of

London, Scrivener, deceased, for Payment and Satisfaction of his Debts: And that Mr. Brewer and Mr. Campion do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Carmarthen, in the room of Sir Williams, of Vaynoil, Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of several Glass-makers, in and near the City of Bristoll, was presented to the House, and read; setting

forth, That by reason of a Duty laid on all Glass-wares, the Manufacture thereof is much lessened; so that the Fires in most Glass-houses thereabouts have been put out for want of Employ; whereby many of the Petitioners are reduced to great Poverty: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glals-makers of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Eale of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, is committed, have Leave to fit de die in diem: And that Mr. Ryder be added to the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Court of gulate the Courts of the Great Sessions within the Domi- CreatSefllons nion and Principality of J Vales, and the Proceedings In therein: And that Mr. Price, and Sir Wm. do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the French Weavers, Refugees, in London, Prohibiting was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That calicoes &c the Petitioners are 3 or 4,000 in Number; who, by the '

Decay of the Silk Manufactures, are brought to great Misery for want of Work; whereby their Families will be chargeable to the Nation: And praying the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, by such means as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and Fast-India, and all Callicoes printed or statined there, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Kay, Mr. Irith Arrears. Lawton, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Ogle, Mr. Parnell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakewell and Alexander Gamble, and other Troopers, who served in the Wars in Ireland, in Colonel Fillers' Regiment, is referred.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Supply; itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Efficiency further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for 0 un s‘ making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had fat; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, after One a Clock, resolve itself into a Corrtmittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given Imprisonment to bring in a Bill for the confining, and securing, of Counter,

Counter, Barnaby, Meldnim ,* Cassells, Chambers, and any others, against whom there is Information, upon Oath, of their being concerned in the horrid Design to assassinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Balduryn, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. White, Mr. Sloane, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider how the Abuses of Prisons,.and other pretended privileged Places, may be regulated,

Ordered, That Mr. Colt, Mr. Blofeild, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to inspect the Laws for preventing the Exportation of Wool; and to consider of the most effectual Means for preventing the Exportation of Wool.

A Bill to prevent vexatious Suits in Law was read a Second time.

Vol. XI.

Resolved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That Attainder of such Persons, against whom there is Information, upon ll,e Cenfpi-Oath, of their lining concerned in the said horrid Afl'affi- ra ors‘ nation, who are fled from Justice, do surrender themselves by a certain time, in order to their Tryal; or else that they be attainted.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General* aHd Mr. Solicitor-General, and the rest of the Members of this House who are of the King's CounfeJ, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That they bring in a Clause, That the Estates that shall be forfeited by the said Attainders shall be applied to the Use of the

1

c

'Supply; Deficiency of F unds.

Bringing in Blate to be coined.

Griffiths

Lfute.

Wringing in Plate to be coined.

Committees.

648 31 °Decembris — i* — -a0 A. 1696.

The House, according to Order, again resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had fat; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {mfc£kf' } ,05'

Tellers for the Noes, }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Januarii;

S* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Brewery according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for Sale of the Estate of Francis sith, late of London, Scrivener, deceased; for Payment and Satisfaction of his Debts: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for encouraging Persons to bring iu their wrought Plate, to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Coningsbytook the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider prisons a.,j how the Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended privi- pretended ledged Places, may be regulated, have Power to inspect privileged the Books of the King's-Bench Prison; and to inquire *>iac<:s' further into the Abuses of Prisons, and other preteuded privileged Places.

Mr. Harcourt reported, from the Committee to whom Payment uf the Consideration of the Petition of several Merchants in Dul‘es 111 London, on behalf of themselves, and divers other Merchants, and Traders, inhabiting in the Cities and trading Towns in the respective Counties of England, was referred, relating to the Commissioners of Excil'e accepting Payment of Bills of Exchange to them due, at 5 s. 8 d. per Ounce, That the said Committee had examined and cohfidered the same; and had directed him to report the Matter of Fast to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Petitioners were heard by their Counsel; who agreed, That they were not intitled to any Relief by the late Act for further remedying the ill State of the Coin; but said, They conceived they lay under greater Hardships, by reason of that Act.

That, upon Examination of the Particulars contained in the said Petition, thele several Matters of Fact appeared to be true;

l. That several considerable Sums of hammered Money had been received, in Tale, by several of the Petitioners Correspondents, from divers Collectors of Excise, in the Country; for which, their Correspondents had drawn Bills, payable by the Petitioners to the Commissioners of Excise, before the said Act passed: That all such Sums have been demanded by the Bill-Men of the Commissioners of Excise, either of the Persons, by whom the Bills were payable, or at their Houses, several times, after they were payable, whilst hammered Money was current in Tale; but that Payment had been always denied, or deferred.

2dly, That divers other Sums of hammered Money have been received, in the Country, by the Petitioners Correspondents, in Talc, from t!u: Collectors of the Excise, before the 18th of Novemberlalt; for which, Bills were drawn on several of the Petitioners, some payable since the said 18th Day of November, and other lincethe said Act passed: That, in all such Cases, the Petitioners are willing, and have tendered their Bills in hammered Money, at 5 s.-8 d. per Ounce; but the Commissioner* have reful'ed such Payment, not thinking it pursuant to the said late Act of Parliament.

Mr. Whitaker, according to Older, presented to the pebt9 of House a Bill for the better enforcing Goldfiniths, and GoMimiths. others, who receive Money payable upon Demand, to pay their Debts; and likewise for the better Discovery of their Effects: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timei

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Godolphin have Leave to go Leave of; into the Country for Five Days, upon extraordinary Oc- Absencf. cafions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdet have Leave to go into the Country, his Father being very ill.

Sabbati, 2° die 8® Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Privilege — A PETITION of Marshal of the

spersoniam Br\fon of King's-Benchand Christopher Blower,

custody. his Deputy, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be

read;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Sir Richard Temple have Leave to ltay in the Country for Ten Days longer, upon extraordinary Occasions. The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tel, ers for, heVeaS,{^'. }55. 'Tellers for the Noes, jjij

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

44.

A Petition of the Churchwarden, Overseers of Prohibiting the Poor* and ancient Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of India Silks,

Mile-end Caiiicoe>,4<-.

°i-

Duty on GUIs.

Preventing Exportation of Wool.

it

:r

7

Commis-

e fionere of

16 Account.

rs

:d

ri

to

W avs and Weans

1C Ww

id 6^ to oi

Supply; Deficiency of Fund*.

) bs> ‘-

Ate

Pfi'

8 W. III. 2® — 4® Januarii. 649

Mile-end New Town, in the Parish of Stepney, in the County Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; set- Funds; and of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which ting forth, That the major Part of the Inhabitants of the relates to the Credit of the Nation, said Hamlet are Weavers, and their Dependents; whole

Trades are lb decayed, by the great Importation of East- Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented Attainder

India wrought Silks, and Commodities, of late, that they to the House a Bill to attaint such of the Persons, con- of the Con-are reduced to very great Necessities, for want of Work; cerned in the late horrid Conspiracy to alTafiinate his 'Pinitore* which before was a comfortable Support for their Fami- Majesty's Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unlefe lies: And praying, That the House will find out some they render themselves to Justice; and for continuing speedy Means for the Encouragement of the Weaving- several others of the said C'onfpirators in Culiody: And Trade, which will.be a Relief to the Petitioners. the same was received.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be The Bill was read the First time,

referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon

the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Monday Morning next.

Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and

East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, is And then the House adjourned till Monday

committed. Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of Peter Thompson, Glass-maker, of the . Town, and County of the Town, of Nottingham, on behalf of himself, and his Servants, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner being unable to carry on his Glals-works, by reason of the Duty laid upon all Glass-wares, the Petitioner, and his Servants, are thereby reduced to a very low Condition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers of Stourbridge, in the County of Worcester, is referred.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, notwithstanding the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws for preventing the Exportation of Wool, and to consider of the most effectual Means for preventing the Exportation of Wool, were to fit de die in; and that the Petitioners were in Town ready to prove the Allegations of

the Petition referred to the said Committee,....

have adjourned till Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Committee do fit de die in diem notwithstanding the said Adjournment

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission; and then proceed to a new Election of Commissioners.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Morning next.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Vol. XI.

Luna, 4* die Januarii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Pocklington reported from the Committee ap- ^ddrelsfo?

apointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and flopping a other pretended privileged Places, may be regulated, That Pardon, they having received Information, That there is a Pardon passing for one Thomas White, who was a Prisoner in the Fleet Prisonj and in whole Chamber was found Crucibles, and other Instruments for Coining and Clipping; and who has since been convicted and attainted for the said Crime, and is now a Prisoner irv Newgate; they had directed him to move the House, That an humble Address may be made to his Majesty, to put a Stop to the said Pardon.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to put a present Stop to the Pardon, which, this House is informed, is passing for the said Thomas White, convicted for Clipping and Coining, and now Prisoner in Newgate.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Austen, Mr. Prisons and

Jennings, Mr. Ryder, Me. Darnell, be added to the Com- pretended mittee to whom it is referred to consider how' the Abuses pi^e,fed of Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places, may be regulated.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to stockier'* enable Mary Stockly, an Infant, to fell Lands in the Estate. County of Chester, to pay the Debts of Jeffery her Father, deceal'ed: And that Mr. and Sir

John Kay do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan and Colonel Osborne be Ease of added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs. Sheriffs in passing their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, is committed.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Prohi|',tinS the incorporate Company of Clothiers, in the City of

cester, was presented to the House, and read: setting -forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, to restrain the Wearing all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and Fast-India, and all Callicoes printed or stained, will lie great Benefit to the Petitioners; a great Consumption of our Woollen Manufactures, which are bartered for unthrown Silks brought from Turkey, and an Employment for the Petitioner?: And praying, That . said Bill may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the' Lady Katherine Moor, Sir William Petition Strickland, Baronet, and Sir William Waller, was presented respecting to the House: Member.

S C And

5° 4° — 5* Januarii. A. 1696.

And the same relating to Christopher Lyster, Esquire, a, Resoloed, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Ways Member of this House; who not being in the House; ing next, resolve itself iqto a Coflimittee of the whole and w

Ryegate, 4c. Roads.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Lyster do attepd, in his House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the r~ A"J r-:j 1 - 840,000l. charged upon the Dufies laid upon Salt, and

upon Coal and Cqhn and Tonage of Ships, taken away the last Session of Parliament; for wlftcli the Provision then made has proved defective.

Means.

Place, Tomorrow Morning: And that the said Petition be then read.

Ordered \That the Call of the House be adjourned till Call of the this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall House-not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at

Warner's

Estate.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, in the Counties ot Surrey and Sussex; and of the Inhabitants ... the Parishes of Rygate and Horley, in the County of Surrey; was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth,

That the Lanes, called HorshilI and Bonehurst, being the

Roads betwixt Towns of gread Trade in the said Counties, Arms attending this House. are become so ruinous, that they are not palfable without

Danger; nor can they be repaired by any Law now in Resolved, That this House, will, upon Friday Morning Ways and

force; for that the Charge will far exceed any legal Assess- next> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Me#M-

ments: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the better to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

Repairing and Amending the said Lanes, by a Toll. granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of the

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of

Richard Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. , _.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Bnngiugin

solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

lider further of the Bill for encouraging Perl'ons to bring

their wrought Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progrefe in the said Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of Benjamin W was presented to the House, and read;- setling forth, That Edmund deceased, was indebted to the Petitioner, by Assignment from Samuel Sow ton, 100 /. for so much insured on the Ship, called the St. John of Stockholm, which was loft: That there is a Bill depending in the House, for explaining a former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased; which if it should pass, the Petitioner will be thereby deprived of his Debt: And praying, That feme Provision may be made therein, for satisfying his said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Attainder of the

Conspirators.

Brecknock

Writ.

Call of the House,

Supply; Deficiency of Funds.

A Bill to attaint such of the Persons, concerned in the-late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty's Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unless they render themselves to Justice, and for continuing several others of the said Conspirators in Custody; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Knight to lerve in this present Parliament for the County of Brecknock, in the room of Edward Jones Esquire, deceased.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Order for the Call of the House this Day be now read;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day,

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vi* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That feme new Duties be granted, for raising the Sum of 840,000l. charged upon the Duties laid upon Salt, and upon Coals and Culm, and Tonage of Ships, taken away the last Session of Parliament; for which the Provision then made has proved defective.'

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Committees.

Martis, 5* die Januarii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of David Lloyd was presented to the In<h Arran.

House, and read; letting forth, That Rowland Lloyd, the Petitioner's Son, served his Majesty, as Quartermaster ami Cornet, in Flanders and Ireland, under the Command of Captain George Kirk, in the Earl of s Regiment: That Rowland Lloyd was killed at the Battle of A grim, in Ireland; when there Vvas due to him, for his Pay, about 300 /.; which Agent William. Wallis has received, as informed; but refuses to pay, or account for, the fame, to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakewell, and other Troopers, is referred.

A Petition of James Chambers was presented to the Attaiader

House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's

Name being in a Proclamation for apprehending some v

Persons concerned in a Design to assassinate his Majesty,

he was seized, and examined by the Lord Chief Justice

Holt, and viewed by Captain Porter; who said, He knew

nothing to accuse the Petitioner of, but by Hearsay; but

he was committed to Newgate, where he remained for

Seven Months in Irons in a starving Condition; and then

he was admitted to Bail by the Court of King s-Bench;

W but, one of his Bail not appearing, he was remanded to

Prison, where he now is in close Confinement: That the

Petitioner is informed, there is a Bill in the House, to

attaint such of the Persons concerned in the late horrid

Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty s Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unless they render themselves to

Justice; and for continuing several others of the said

Conspirators

Rede's, &c. Nat.

Leave of Absence.

Brewing

Trade.

'Whitby

Harbour.

Leave of Absence.

Griffith's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Privilege of a Member in a buit.

8 W. III. 5* Januarti. 651

Coatyiiwtors in Custody; wharejo the Petitioner is named, m a Person ehaiged, upon Oath, with the said Design; which, he thinks cannot be, he being innocent in the Mattel-: And praying the House to examine if there be any pofoive Oath against the Petitioner; and that he may . be admitted to fiaii, or his Confinement made more easy; and foraethidg allowed him for Subsistence, he being very poor.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the find Bill is committed.

An ingossed bill for naturalizing Frederick Christisen Baron dc Rede, Lord Agrim, and Godart Adriaen Baron

do Retkr Sons of the Earl of Atand others, was read the Third time.

Resohcd, That- the Rill do pass: And that the Title W, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Chrisliaen de Rede, commonly called Lord Aghram, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. England have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the common Brewers in the City of Nczv Sarum, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by reason of a late Act of Parliament, the Petitioners are obliged to carry out their Small-Beer before the Strong is ckanfed; whereby the Strong is very much prejudiced in Summer, by lying so long in the Tun; and thereupon frequent Returns are made of the fame, for which a double Duty is paid; and that many other Hardships are put upon the Petitioners, so that they cannot carry on their Trades, unless relieved: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Brewers of the City of London is referred.

Sir John Kay, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for Repair of the Piers of the Harbour of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Francis Griffith, late of London, Scrivener, deceased, for Payment and Satisfaction of his Debts, w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brewer, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Ryder, Mr. At-

torney-General, Mr. Freuen, Mr. Price, Sir Sir Wm. Honyuood, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Wm.

Mr. Guyn, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Sir Hen. Goff,

Mr. Watlington, Sir Tho. Roberts, Svc Hen. Colt, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Conyers, Air, Darnell, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Coll, Mr. Palmer, Sir William Strickland, Sir Fran. Mas ham, Sir Henry Hobart, Alajor Beake, Mr.

Moutitiague, Mr. Moore,. Air. Campion, Mr. Taylor, Sir WalterYonge, Mr. Phitlipjn. Mr. Mr. Maudit, Sir

Marm.Wyvell, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Sir

Sir Geo. Chute, Mr. Yates: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Sir John Bu have Leave to go into the Country for Eight Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Air. Lyster attending in his Place, according to Order;

The Petition of the Lady Katherine Moor, Sir William Strickland, and Sir William IV'tiler, presented to the House Yesterday, was read; setting forth. That, about Eleven Years since, the Lady Katherine Finch died leifed of divers Lands and Tenements in Yorkshire; and the same dtfeended to the Lady Eliz. Finch, her Sitter, an Infant, Vox.. XI.

to whom the said Mr. Lyster was Guardian; who died about November 1693: Thaft the Petitioners are Heirs at Law to the said Lady Eliz. and ought to receive the Rents and Profits of her El'tate; but Mr. lyster, without any Colour of Title, detains the Post'cflion, and employs one Edward Misdate to receive the Profit" for his Use; and stands upon his Privilege, though the Petitioners have obtained a Decree for the Possession of the said Estate, and that ARsdale should account for the Pro-

fits; whom Mr. Lysteralfo protests as his Servant: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Whereupon, the said Air. Lyster being heard, in his Place;

Ordered, That the Petitioners be at Liberty to take Possession of the said Estate; and to prosecute the said Edvard Misdate for an Account of the Profits thereof; notwithstanding any Privilege of the said Air. Lyster.

Sir Henry Goodrick acquainted the House, That their Answer to Add re is having been presented to his Majesty, That he Addiefs. would please to put a present Stop to the Pardon, u-hich, this Iioul'e was informed, was patting for one Thomas White, convicted for Clipping and Coining, and now a Prisoner in Neugate, his Majesty was pleased to say, That no Warrant for a Pardon had been signed by his Majesty hitherto; and that lie will give immediate Directions That none shall pass, as is desired by this House.

Air. Pocklington reported from the Committee appoint- Address for

ed to examine the Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended extending a privileged Places, That he was directed by the said Com- Reprieve, mittee to move, That an humble Address might be made to his Majesty, That he w ill please to reprieve the said Thomas White for feme furtlicr time; he being reprieved but till the Sth inttant.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to grant a Reprieve to the said Thomas White for some further time.

Air. Pocklington also reported from the said Committee, That it was proved before them, by Two Witnesses,

That Francis Duncomb had declared, That he had distri- for libellous buted Aloney to several Alembers of the House; but that Words, the said FrancisDuncomb, being examined by the said Committee, had denied that he had said any such Thing, although the Witnesses had confronted him therein: And therefore that the Committee had directed, That the House should be moved, That the said Francis Duncomb might be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms.

Ordered, That the said Francis Duncomb be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Air. Pocklington also reported from the said Committee, Committee That he w'as directed to move, That a Committee might 10 examine a be appointed to go to Newgate, to examine Thomas White, £ew ^te*" a Prisoner there, convicted for Clipping and Coining.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Mr. Norris. Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Sloan, Sir Phil. Butler, Mr. Manley, do go and examine the said Thomas White.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobby, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Arnold, Excise Mr. Papillon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Duties. Petition of the Brewers of the City of London is referred.

Ordered, That Air. Jacob have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That the Committee of the w hole House, to Attainder of whom the Bill to attaint such of the Persons, concerned the Conspira-in the late horrid Conspiracy to act'aflinate his Majesty's tor‘'

Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unless they render themselves to Justice; and for continuing several others of the said Conspirators in Custody; is committed; do examine the Witnesses touching the Persons named in the Bill.

Then

Attainder of the Conspi-rators.

Supply; Deficiency of Funds.

Wiiitby 11 arbour.

Kind's Lynn Port.

Stockley'i K ft ate.

Attainder of the Conspi-rators.

5° — 6° — 70 Januarii. A. 1696.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being acquainted. That there arose a Difference in the Committee of the whole House, who should take the Chair of the said Committee;

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do take the Chair of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supplyjto be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Justice; and for continuing several others of the said Conspirators in Custody; was committed; the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir John Woodhouse have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence. calions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved wayt itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of and Means. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Coningsbytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby reported from the said Committee,

That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee!,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 7* die Januarii;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 6® die Januarii; 8® Gulielmi Tertii.

8® Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the IrirtiAman.

Petition of John Hakewell and Alexander Gamble, on behalf of themselves, and other Troopers, who l'erved in the Wars in Ireland, and l'erved in Colonel Vi I Regiment, is referred, have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Prays.ks.

All IL L for Repair of the Piers of the Harbour of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Mary Stockly, an Infant, to fell Stockly'* Lands in the County of Chester, to pay the Debts of Estate< Jeffry Stockly, her Father, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Charles Turner, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of King's-in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Shackerly, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable Mary Stockley, an Infant, to fell Lands in the County of Chester, to pay the Debts of Jeffeiy Stockley, her Father, deceased: And the same was received.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to attaint such of the Persons, concerned in the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty's Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unless they render themselves to 22

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preservatioi* the better Relief of the Subject against unlawful Weirs of Hlh. and Dams, which take and destroy Fish, and the Fry of Fish, within the Rivers of this Kingdom: And that Sir William Bowes and Sir William Hustler do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir George Hungerford, according to Order, presented Biackwell-

to the House a Bill to restore the Market for Woollen Market. Cloths in Blacku>ell-hall, and Welsh~ha.to the Clothiers:

And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Dimmer have Leave to go to Leave of Portsmouth, upon his Majesty's Service. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir John Woolstenhohhave Leave to go into the Country for Four Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition

- by 1

8 W. III. Januarii. 653

‘u,

Eh

'rewu

f Fii

ki*

gflJli

Profcifiling A Petition of the Master, hardens, Assistants, and

iiidia bilLs, Company of Silk-throwers, London, was presented to the a icotb, c. |jouse^ an(j reacj. setting forth, That the Petitioners Trade depends upon the Weavers Trade in throwing raw Silks brought from Turkey, which are the Product of our Woollen Manufactures, and employs and maintains Multitudes of poor People; but, lately, there has been great Importations made of East India wrought Silks; whereby the Petitioner s Trade is fallen to Decay; and the Poor are reduced to great Necessities for want of Work: And praying, That the Pill, depending in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, may pass into tin Act; which w ill much advance the Petitioners Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Privilege — - A Petition of George Taylor, Marshal of the Kings »ea" Bench, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this

turn* lor a 1 J . J . c

Discharge. House, lor a Contempt, m not producing to the Committee appointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places, may be regulated, the Books relating to the Prison of the King's-Bench, was presented to the house, and read: Wherein he alleged, That it w as his Mistake of the Order: and begged Pardon for his said Offence:

And the House beingacquainted, That he had produced the Books, to the Satisfaction of the said Committee;

Ordered, That the said George Taylor be discharged out of Custody, paying his Pees.

A Petition of Peter TVUUams, Gentleman, on behalf of himself, and others of the Troop cohmianded by Major John Petty/, of the Bigift Honourable the Earl of Arran's Regiment of Ilorse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for almost Two Years, the whole Troop have lived under great Severities by the said Major; who has imposed Oats and Grass upon them, at double w hat it cost him; which, with Agency, Clerkage, and Tallies, their whole Subsistence hath in a manner been eaten up; and, for modestly complaining, several of the Troop have been picketed, beaten, wounded, imprisoned, and threatened as Mutineers, to compel them to sign the Accounts and Discharges tendered to them; which ill Usage is a Dishonour to his Majesty, and an Abuse and Discouragement of the Soldiery: And praying the Relief and Assistance of the House, in summoning his Witnesses to prove the said Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakcii'ell, and others, Troopers of Colonel Vi tiers' Regiment, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

Bringing in Ordered, That the Committee of the w hole House, to

Hue to be whom the Bill for encouraging Persons to bring in their

cm lieu o % o

wrought Plate into the Mints, to be coined,.....have

Power to receive a Clause for the coining small Pieces of Money under Shillings.

Warner's Ordered, That Sir Clir. Mr. Mr.

h.tat*. Conyers, Mr. Carr, Sir York, Mr. Vernon, be added to the Committee, to w hom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining a former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of Edmund deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir; is committed.

to sell Part of the Estate of Edmund deceased,

for Payment of his Debts; and preserving the rest, for the Benefit of his Heir; the Petitioner conceives that if the said Bill should pass, without some Provision for his Debt, he shall be deprived thereof: And praying, That such Provision may be made in the Bill, that the Petitioner's said Debt may be satisfied.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and King's Lj na other Inhabitants, of the Borough of in the Port-

County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That the Corporation of Kings Lynn have lately demanded the Corporation of the Pens to take away the navigable Sass at the Hermitage, near and the Sluices at Denver l)am; which will deprive the Peti- ,

tioners of the Benefit of New Beds ord River, being Twenty Miles in Length, made at the great Charge of the Corporation of the Pens; whereby the said Town and Country have a certain and advantageous Navigation: And praying, That the said navigable Sass, Sluices, and River, may be continued for the Service of the Country.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of Lynn, in the County of be

read a Second time.

A Petition of the Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of Ditto, the Hundred of Marshland, with the Towns of IViggcn-Itall, and Villages adjacent, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners of near 40,000 Acres of profitable Lands there; which are subject on the one Side to Inundations from the Sea, and, on the other Side, to the Ploods of fresh Waters; which have been preserved by Banks and Drains, made at great Expence, to keep out the Sea, and carry the fresh Waters away, by the River Ou ze, to Sed, 'Hint, since the Corporation of the Fens, called Beds ord Level, ha ve erected a Dam and Sluice cross the River Ozcze, near Dernier Dam, the said River is become silted up; so that thereby the Petitioners Drains and Outfalls are become useless; and many Thousand Acres of their Land, and the common Pastures, lie wholly drowned; the common Roads are impassable; and, in case of any sudden Inundation, the greatest Part of the said Country is in Danger of being lost: That the said Coporation have also, by Sluices, and Tunnels placed in the Poedike Bank, the Petitioners only Defence against foreign Waters, caused the Waters of the said Level to annoy the Petitioners for divers Years past; That these Mischiefs are occasioned by the said Dam and Sluice, which stop the Flow and Re-flow of the Tide Twenty-four Miles, which used to scour the said River and Channels to Sea, and now choaked up; and cannot be remedied, but by removing the said Dam and Sluice: And praying. That the said Dam and Sluice may be removed, by such Means as may best preserve the Country, and the Petitioners Lands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go with the Members Mace into Westmimler-hall, and Court of Requests, and summoned

summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

Aud he went accordingly.

And, being returned; ,

Ditto. A Petition of John Barnet, Merchant, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That Edmund JVarner, deceased, was, at his Death, indebted 100l. to the Petitioner, upon a Policy of Insurance on the Ship Joseph of London, which was lost: That there being a Bill now before the House, for explaining a former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees . Vol. £1.

A tlill to attaint such of the Persons concerned in the Attainder of late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty's Royal the ConsP‘' Person, w ho are fled from Justice, unless they render rator*‘ themselves to Justice; and for continuing several others of the said Conspirators in Custody; was read the Third time.

And the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

8 D Th*

7° — 8° — 9°

A. 1696.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea ^/c>.

LiVlr. llcoenuigham:

Te«ersfOTtheNoes{Mr.GS,;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act to attaint, Sgc. Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ways &nt night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Meant.

1 to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

J ' granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency 1 g of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Trans-

J port-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland.

Prohibiting India Silks, Callicoes, Atc.

Resolved, That this House will upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there.

Bringing in Plate to be coined.

Ways and Means.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ditto, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints, to be coined.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord reported from the said Committee,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, That they had considered the Matter to them referred; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and had come to several Resolutions; which they had consider of the Bill to encourage Persons bringing in directed him to report, when the House will please to wrought Plate into the Mints, to be coined. receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Morning, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of Ways and Means for raising the Sum of Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Ditt0t 840,000l. charged upon the Duties laid upon Salt, and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole upon Coals and Culm, and Tonage of Ships, taken away House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the the last Session of Parliament; for which the Provision

then made had proved defective.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had sat; and had directed him to move, That ing next, resolve itSelf into a Committee of the whole Plate tob* they may have Leave to sit again. T* ‘ ‘' r ' ~r *' e ! :"J

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the said 840,000l.

840,000 /. charged upon the Duties laid upon Salt, and upon Coals and Culm, and Tonage of Ships, taken away the last Session of Parliament; for which the Provision then made proved defective.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Brinnlno it

_____^______1__________ _ t >___Us___4-U* n, U/ % |A b

House, to consider further of the Bill for encouraging coined. Persons to bring wrought Plate into the Mints to be coined.

Supply; Deficiency af Funds.

ing

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Octavo Gulielrai Tertii,

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Phillip Esquire be at Li-

berty to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of St. Maws, in the County of Cornwall.

Sir Henry Goodrich acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he would please to grant a Reprieve for Thomas White, a Prisoner in Newgate, for some further time; his Majesty was pleased to say. That he would reprieve the said Thomas White for Ten Days longer.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee appointed to prepare a Bill ior granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year, That they had prepared a Bill accordingly; which they had directed him to present to the House, and which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seqond time, Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Committw, That all Committees be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 9* die Januarii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

St. Maw's Election.

Answer to Address.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

ORDERED, That Air. Co.v have Leave to go into Ltawof the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Petition of the Merchants, Cloth-makers, Cloth-workers, and Staplers, on behalf of themselves, and others, Exporuti . the Inhabitants of the West Riding of the County of York, of Wool trading in Wool and Woollen Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Traders in the Woollen Manufactures have formerly been supplied with Wool at reasonable Rates from Cumberland, Northumberland, and Durham; yet since the late Act, made lhst Sessions, for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool; and other Laws for that Purpose; the greatest Part of the Growth of Wool of the said Counties hath been bought up at excessive Rates, and carried into Scotland, and from thence transported into France, to the great Discouragement of our Woollen Manufactures: And praying the Consideration of the House, for preventing the like Mischiefs for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the stud Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws for preventing the Exportation of Wool; and to consider of the most effectual Means for preventing the Exportation of Wool.

A Petition

8 W. III.

9° Januarii.

v

Zil

0

V

e,

d;

iid

King's Lynn A Petition of the Mayor, AkHnnen, Bailiffs, Burton. pesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Corporation of jBedford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Corporation of King's Lynn have lately required the Corporation of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to take away their navigable Sass at the Hermitage^ near Erith, in Huntingdonshire, and their Sluices at Denver Dam; which wiM neprive the Petitioners of Bedford River, Twenty Miles in Length; and the only navigable River for all Commodities from Lynn to Huntingdon, and so to Bedford, which will not only be a great Damage to the Petitioners, and to Navigation, but also to the Trade and Commerce of divers other Counties: And praying, That the said Sass and Sluices may be continued, whereby the said Navigation is preserved.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time.

and draining the said Level; the Damages prescribed by the said Act being determined, and insufficient fur the Petitioners Relief: And praying, That the said Dam in the River Ouse may be taken away, and the Petitioners made Satisfaction for their Damages sustained thereby; and that the Deficiences in the said Act may be supplied, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Punishing continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers and ^Iutiny and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Scr- ebtrLlon* vice; and for punishing false Musters; and for payment of Quarters; for One Year longer: And that Mr. Blath-waite do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ditto.

ow

ole

;he

d

;aJ

ion

'ktd

be

put Cc

A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held at Bedford, and of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a navigable Sass at the Hamit age, near Erith, and Sluices at Salters-Load, in Norfolk, set up by the Corporation of the Fens, a Navigation is maintained along the One-hundred Foot River or New Bedford River, for Traffick, betwixt the Towns of Lynn and Huntingdon, and so to Bedford, for the great Advantage not only of the Petitioners, but the adjacent Counties: That the Corporation of King's Lynn have required, That the said Sass and Sluices should be removed; whereby the said Navigation will be destroyed, and the adjacent Counties be thereby greatly prejudiced in their Trade and Commerce: And praying, That the said Sass and Sluices may be continued.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of Lymi, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time.*

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Traders in the Wool- Discount on len Manufacture, in the City of New Sarim, and Parts Bank Bills, adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many of their Dependents, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by reason of the Scarcity and Non-currency of Money, and the great Discount of Bank Bills, the Petitioners are not able to carry on their Trades; w hereby the Weavers, Spinners, and other Manufacturers in the Woollen Trade, are reduced to great Necessities, for want of Wrork: And praying the speedy Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by Supply Bill; a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, Land Tax. payable for One Year, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ditto.

TO*

liP

'Jttff

crib

it,'

re-

rlj

Mr

iite

tits

it

d

into

lid*

l!*>

lie

i*

'it

Vr

A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, and Justices of the Peace, and other Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Corporation of King's Lynn having lately demanded the Corporation of the Fens of Bedford Level to remove a navigable Sass, by them set up at the Hermitage, near Erith, and their Sluices at Salters-Load; if the same should be done, it will deprive the adjacent Counties of an advantageous Commerce, by the Navigation of New Bedford River, betw een Lynn and Huntingdon, and Bedford: And praying, That the said Sass and Sluices may not be taken away; the same being a great Encouragement to Navigation, and Trade and Commerce, ever since they were erected.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Dmvnham-Market, Fordhani, Denver, Wimbottisham, and Stawbardolfe, on the East Side the River Owze, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners anil Occupiers of about i,£oo Acres of rich Lands, near adjoining to Bedford Level, which had proper Drains to 1 let gay River, which emptied into the Owze, and so to Sea; but, since the Corporation of the Fens, called Bedford Level, have placed a great Dam and Sluice, at Denver, cross the Owze, for draining the said Level, the Petitioners Drains are stopped up, and the Waters of io, oooo Acres of the Level, together with the Waters of the Owze, are suffered to run through the Petitioners Lands, which are become a Wash lor the Waters of the said Level; to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and contrary to the Act of 15 Car. lid, for settling

Vol.NL

Ordered, That the Commissioners for the victualling Victualling the Ideet do, upon Thursday Morning next, lay before Debt, this House an Account of their Debts, and the Times when contracted, and at what Prices.

The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, reported, Ways and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Means, referred to consider of W ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; ami the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined; the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he rend in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Sum of 125,000l. granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined; a Duty be laid upon all wrought Plate that shall not be so brought in.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be Six-pence per Ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Sum of 125,000l. granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined; a Duty be laid upon all Paper, Pasteboard, Vellom, and Parchment; as to what shall be made in this Kingdom, to be paid by the Maker; and for what shall be imported, to be paid by the Importer.

" Resolved, That it i3 the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty upon Paper, Pasteboard, Vellom,

and

Attainder of the Conspirators.

Ditto.

Supply; Deficiency of VundSf.

656 90 — i i° Ja 1696.

and Parchment, made in this Kingdom, be Twenty Pounds per Cent, according to the true Value thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Paper, Pasteboard, Vellom, and Parchment, imported, be Twenty-five Pounds per Cent, according to the true Value thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties upon Paper, Pasteboard, Vellom, and Parchment, be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Two Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Paper, Pasteboard, Vellom, and Parchment, which any Person or Persons have in Stock for Sale.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be 17/. 10 s. per Cent, according to the true Value thereof, to be paid by the Merchant and Retailer.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the Sum of 125,000l. granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency in re-coining hammered Money; and the Recompence to be given for bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined; a Duty be laid upon all wrought Plate that shall not be so brought in;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yea J?,r

'[Air. Morgan:

Tellers for the Noes, [ J

'[Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that the Lord and Mr.

Lowndes, and such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Counsel, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and Sir John Francklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to attaint such of the Persons concerned in the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty's Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unless they render themselves to Justice; and for continuing several others of the said Conspirators in Custody; with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the said Amendments:

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1 Skin, L. 18, after "Oath," add "before One or " more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace

2d Skin, L. 27, leave out "James"

L. 29, after "Chambers," add "and Robert " Blackburn:"

L. 32, leave out "James"

L. 34, after " Chambers," add " and Robert " Blackburn."

The First and Second of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the Lords Amendments be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parlia-

1$

mentary Funds; and to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Commis-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, sloneis to consider of the Bill for examining, taking, and stating, ot AcL0Ult*' the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission; and will then proceed to a new Election of Commissioners.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 11* die J;

Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A BILL to enable Mary Stockly, an Infant, to sell stockWj Lands, in the County of Chester, to pay the Debts Estate, of Jeffery Stockly, her Father, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cotton, Sir St. Andr.St. John, Sir John Manwaring, Sir John Kay, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mr.

Shackerly, Mr. Bridges, Sir Wm. Mr. Foley,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Clark, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Tankred, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Mr. Drake,

Mr. Culliford, Sir Hen.Hobart, Mr. Price, Sir Wm.

Hustler, Mr. Phillips, Sir Cha. Hotham, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr Stringer, Mr. Norris; and all that serve for the Counties of Chester and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Privilege; Paper, delivered at the Door, intituled, "The great pll*]llous " Grievance of John Rye, of Lo/ulon, Merchant," re- U lCilon' fleeting on a Member of this House;

And it being proved, at the Bar, That the same was delivered by the said John Rye;

The Title of the Paper, and a Paragraph therein, were read.

Resolved, That John Rye, of London, Merchant, having caused a Libel, reflecting on a Member of this House, to be printed, and delivered at the Door of this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

Ordered, That the said John Rye be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

The House resumed the further Consideration of the Attainder of Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, the Con-An Act to attaint such of the Persons concerned in the sPiralors-late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty's Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unless they render themselves to Justice; and for continuing several other of the said Conspirators in Custody:

And Evidence was given, at the Bar, against the said Robert Blackburn, added, by the Lords, as an Amendment to the said Bill, in relation to his being concerned in the intended Assassination:

The Third and Residue of the Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Petition of the Cloth-rash-makers in Ramsey, in the Prohibiting County of Southampton, on behalf of themselves, and many Spinners, Combers, Weavers, Sheermen, and others, L' whose Livelihood depends on that Trade; as also of all the Inhabitants of the said Town; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Cloth-rash is not made any-where else in England, save a little at 1 Vinton, and Southampton; and is not worn here; but, for Thirty

Years

8 WV III. ii° Januarii-

Years past, the East India Company have bought and exported all that have been made by the Petitioners; which has been their sole Livelihood: That, it being above a Year since the said Company bought any of their Hash, they have great Quantities lying upon their Hands; and, if the Bill, now depending in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, should pass into a Law, the Masters of the said Trade, not having elsewhere to vend their Goods, will be undone; and their Dependents become Beggars; and the Inhabitants, whose Charge to the Poor is very great, will be thereby extremely impoverished: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

tion of the Port of King's-Lynn, in the County of Aor-folk, be read a Second time.

Mr. Blathwaite, according to Order, presented to the Punishing

House a Bill for continuing several former Acts for Mutiny and punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or De6mion-desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Doctor Lancaster be desired to preach Dr. Lancas-before this House, at St. Margaret's, upon ter to preach

the 30th Day of January instant: And that Mr. Robert on 30th Jan* Bertie do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Day have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Prohibiting A Petition of the Clothiers in was presented to India Silks, tjle House, and read; setting forth, That, heretofore, great coes, e. Ql)antjtjes of their Woollen Manufactures, which was a Support and Maintenance to the Manufacturer, have been exported into Turkey; but the Turkey Trade is much decayed, by reason of the great Quantities of wrought Silks imported' hither from the East Indies: And praying, s iiiat they may be heard in behalf of the Bill, now de-

pending in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill is committed.

A Petition of Christopher Blower, Deputy to Geo. Privilege — Taylor, Marshal, of the King's-Bench, in Custody of the Person pe-Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Contempt, cudwrge. in not producing to the Committee appointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places, may be regulated, the Books, and a List of the Prisoners, belonging to the King's-Bench Prison, was presented to the House, and read; whereby he alleged;

That such his Contempt was from his Misunderstanding of the Order of the Committee; and that he hath since produced all the Books, and a List of the Prisoners, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and begged Pardon for his said Offence: And praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Christopher Blower be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

King's Lynn A Petition of the Dean and Prebendary of the Cathe-Port. dral Church of Ely was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That the Corporation of Lynn Regis have lately demanded the Corporation of the Fens to take away their Sluice at Hermitage, near Erith, and their Sluices at Denver Dam, in the County of Norfolk, upon a Pretence that they occasion the Silting up of Lynn Harbour; but the Petitioners are persuaded they are the sole Preservation of a vast Quantity of Lands belonging t o Ely, and divers other adjacent Towns: And praying, That a bare Suggestion of the Corporation of Lynn may not obtain that Credit as to take away those Sluices; which will much prejudice the Petitioners, and be no Advantage to Lynn Harbour, as the Petitioners conceive will be made appear to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of King's-Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Towns of

Stoake, Brandon, Mildenhall, and many adjacent Towns, in the Counties of Norf olk, Suffolk, and Cambridge, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by means of the navigable Rivers of Owze, Brandon, Mildenhall, and Stoak, the Petitioners have been constantly.supplied with Coals, Fish, Salt, and other Merchandize, from Lynn Regis, by Water, in Vessels of great Burthen; but since the Corporation of the Fens have made a Dam and Sluice cross the River Owze, at - Denver, below the Mouths of the other Rivers to Seawards, the Owze and other Rivers are so silted, by stopping the Flow of the Owze for many Miles, that Boats of the smallest Burden cannot, without great Delays and Danger, pass therein; so that the whole Navigation is in great Danger of being irrecoverably lost, to the Petitioners Impoverishment: And praying, That the said Dam and Sluice may be removed, and the Navigation of the said Rivers restored.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill lor the better Preservation of the Naviga-Vol. XL 6 '

A Bill to restrain the Market for Woollen Cloths in Blackwell-Blaclra cll-hall, and Welsh-hall, to the Clothiers, was read hall Market, a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. -gerford, Mr. Hungerford, Sir John Mr. White,

Lord Irwyn, Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Mr. Duke, Mr. Sloane,

Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Cox, Sir Godfrey Co])ley, Mr.

A Tewport, Mr. Bere, Sir Wm. Lorwther, Mr. Moncton,

Mr. Fleming, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Bohun, Mr. Bcrty, Sir John Kay, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Price, Lord Bulkley, Mr. Cidliford, Mr.

- Hoblyn, Mr. Neale, Mr. Grevill, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Walter Yong, Mr. Wininglon, Mr. Ash, Sir E/iab Harvey, Lord Ashley, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Cha.;

and all the Members that serve for Wilts, Devon, and the Western Counties: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Rhede's,

Sir Richard Holford: . Nat.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing Frederick Christiaen de Rhede, commonly called Lord Aghram; and others; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty; by Sir Fleetwood Shep- Royal Assent herd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: 10 A*11*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills following; viz.

An Act to attaiht Sir John Fenwick Baronet, of High Treason:

8 E An

1

11 12°

A. 1696.

An Act to attaint such of the Persons concerned in the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty's Royal Person, who are fled from Justice, unless they render themselves to Justice; and for continuing several other of the said Conspirators in Custody:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Christiaan de Rhede, commonly called Lord; and others:

An Act for the Settlement of the Manor of in the County of Heres ordand other the Lands, late of Crompton Mynors Esquire, deceased; and for raising and increasing of the Portion of Theodosia Mynors, the Daughter of the said C, she being an Infant of the Age of Seventeen Years.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Laud-Tax. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of tire Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year.

Mr. Speaker lelt tire Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That , they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Owners' and Occupiers of Lands in King's Lywi the several Towns of Northwold, Methxcold, Port* Hockwell, and Wilton, Brandon, Lakenheath,

Easwell, IslehamfVallhigton, Barton, and in

the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and within the South Part of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Corporation of the said Fen Lands had large Shares of the Petitioners Lands set out to themselves, as a Ilecom pence for their draining and preserving the Residue; which ought to be done by proper Banks and Drains; but the said Corporation have not maintained their Banks and Drains; so that the Petitioners Lands are generally drowned, and in a worse Condition than they were before the said Undertaking, to their great Impoverishment; That the Petitioners have made many Complaints to the said Corporation, lor Relief in the Premises; but they being, by Act of Parliament of 15* Car. lid;, made sole Commissioners of Sewers for the said Level, and concerned in particular Interest, the Petitioners can have no Relief; nor does any Appeal lie, but to this House: And praying, That Commissioners, who have no Interest wdth the Corporation, may be joined with them in Authority, according to their Proportions of Lands in the said Level.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time.

Call of the House,

Mitchell

Election.

Griffith's

Estate.

King's Lynn Pori.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 12* die;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Ordered, That Sir John Kay have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Five Weeks, his Lady being very ill. Absence.

A Petition of Thomas Barber, Thomas Excise

Austen, James Neale, and Thomas Stone, on behalf of ^ut‘es* themselves, and the rest of the common Brewers, Inhabitants within the Town and Port of Sandwich, and the Parish of Deale, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, with great Hardships, paid several Duties of Excise, by virtue of several Acts of Parliament; but, by the Severities of an Act, lately passed, for laying several Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits, of the first Extraction,

ORDER ED, That the Report from the Committee the Petitioners cannot any longer exercise their Trades, of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election if continued: And praying, That they may be heard to for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, make out their Grievances; and that they may be re-be made upon Saturday Morning next. lieved therein, as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That Mr. Moor, Sir John Kay, Mr. Taylor, And a Motion being made, and the Question being

Mr. Henley, be added to the Committee, to whom the PUL That the Consideration of the said Petition be re- Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Francis Griff Ik, late ferred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the of London, Scrivener, deceased; for Payment and Sa- Company of Brewers of the City of London is referred; tisfaction of his Debts, is committed. It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of the Governor, Bailiff, and Commonalty, of the Company of Conservators of the great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill in the House for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; which is to remove a Sluice and Dam erected upon, the River of Great Owze, called Denver Dam; the Removal of which

Dam will tend to the Damage of many Hundred Families, the Lessening of the Petitioners Rents, and the Hindering of Navigation; the Suggestions in the Bill, That the said Dam is prejudicial to the Navigation of the said Port, being false; their Inconveniencies arising from other Causes, as the Petitioners doubt not to prove: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House upon the Second Reading of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel, for the said Bill be then also heard.

Ordered, That the said. Bill be-read a Second-time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford Lords

A AT. T>?n. Leave for*

and. Mr- Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, That this House will give Leave

Member lo attend teem.

to Mr. Vernon, a Member of this House, to attend their Lordships, to be examined concerning some Informations given to their Lordships, relating to the Discovery, in February last, of the horrid Conspiracy against his Majesty's Person.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth give Leave to Mr. Vernon, to attend their Lordships, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Petition of divers Persons, on behalf of themselves, Prohibiting and others, who have supplied his Majesty with Naval Stores, Ammunition, Provisions, <^'c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have received, for Payment of such Stores, Tallies on several Funds; and particularly on the Customs of Wine, Vinegar, Tobacco, and East India Goods, which they cannot

discount

1

8 W. III.

1 h 1 "

12° — 130

659

re

;y

o-

n-

his

ive

He

of

»to it?! i Ak

£» Fite 0[lu

ha-

de

llO

lers

ii

lie

Ju*

K

? to re-:ea-

mi

re-

tie

:ed;

It*

Jiff

a

Prohibiting India Silks, Callicoes,&c.

discount at less than from 28 to 35/. per Cent.; to their very great Loss: That, if the Bill, now depending in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all CalHcoes printed or stained there, should pass, the Consumption of the said Goods will be much lessened; and the Funds, on which the said Tallies are struck, will be so far lessened, as to render those Tallies of much less Value than they now are; and, consequently, the Credit of all other Funds w ill be impaired: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; so as the Petitioners just Rights may be preserved; and they thereby encouraged to serve his Majesty for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gloucestershire Clothiers, on behalf of themselves, and their Dependencies, was presented to

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hobart.....from the said Committee,

1 hat they had heard the Petitioners for and against the Bill; and had gone through the Bill; and made some Amendments to the same; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 13* die Januarii; 8° Gulielmi Tertii.j

Praters.

the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quan- A PETITION of tike Mayor, Recorder, and Al- Preventing

tities of their Woollen Manufactures have formerly been 1 r ' n ----- L J - v ----- -:

exported into Turkey; whereby their numerous Families have been maintained; but, since the East India Company have lately imported great Quantity of wrought Silks, Bengals, Sgc. the Petitioners have sensibly found the Decay of the Woollen Trade to Turkey, to their great Prejudice: That the Bill, now depending in the House, to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Pet'sia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, will be of very great Advantage to the Clothiers in general; and, parti-

JT\- dermen, of the ancient Borough of Richmond, in the Exportation County of York, on the behalf of themselves, and thereat Wool, of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and several poor People inhabiting in the Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That most of the poor Petitioners are employed in knitting Woollen Stockings, for their Support, who used to-have Wool brought thither at reasonable Rates; but, by reason the same is bought up by ill-disposed ..... in the several Northern Counties, and transported beyond Sea, the Petitioners cannot get any Wool, but at very high Prices, to the great

Claims on Prizes*

eularly, to the Petitioners: And praying, That they may Damage of the Petitioners, and the Woollen Manufac 1 1 J — L-- -1 1 -er — - — L.L-if.r.i :j ti.ii (ure jn general: And praying such Relief in the Pre-

mises, as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws for preventing the Exportation of Wool; and to consider of the most effectual Means for preventing the Exportation of Wool: And that they do examine the Mat-

be heard what they have to offer in behalf of the said Bill Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Elizabeth Harding, Hannah Turner,

Katkerine Miller, Widows, Theophilus Bu.rton, Jonath

Brinley, John Heath, on behalf of themselves, and a j-er thereof; and report the same to the House great Number of other Seamen, and the Widows of se

veral Hundreds who were killed, and died in the Expedition to the West Indies, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the said Expedition, Captain Robert Wilnwt went Commodore, and took several Frctich Prizes; which, with the Plunder and Slaves also taken, amounted to the Value of 20,000l. as they can prove: That, before Wilmot t's Return, he died; and Captain Tho. Butler succeeded him in Command; and possessed himself of the said Effects; and now combines with Ruth Wilnwt, Widow, and Administratrix of Captain Wilmot, to defraud the Petitioners of their Slrares of

the Prizes and Plunder, to theirs and their Families great' Necessities; and to the Discouragement of Seamen in

A Bill for Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture Woollen was read a Second time. Manufacture.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clerk,

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bertie, Sir Wm. Mr.

Sand ford, Mr. Newport, Sir Chi'. Sir Geo.

HungerJ'ord, Sir Wm. Tzrisden, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Kay, Sir Jacob Ashley,

Mr. Ash, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Taylor, Sir Edward Saxcell, Mr. Daniel/, Mr. PMr. Maudit, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Hore, Mr. Whitaker, Mr.

Moor, Mr. Freke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Colt, Mr. Lambton,

Mr. White, Lord Cornbury, Sir Gerv. Mr. Dol-

bm, Mr. Nicholas, Sir IVm. Ashurst, Sir Colt, Mr.

general: That the Petitioners have, for Seven Months, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Mr. Mount-

are

eir

DS

in

lis

(r.

do Russia

iff Company.

Prohibiting

(y India Silks,

tie Callicoes, c.

ire

nl t

rf t

applied themselves to the Admiralty, but cannot have any Relief: And praying, That they may be admitted to prove the Premises; and be relieved therein* as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition.of

stevens: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And all that come are to have Voices.

Mr. Pocklington reported, That the Members appoint- Coinage — ed to go and examine Thomas White, a Prisoner in Nerw- Examination

several Merchants of London, relating to Letters of gate, convicted for Clipping and Coining, had been*, and "

Marque, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That Colonel Earle and Colonel Mordaunt be added to the Committee, to whom the Consideration

examined him accordingly; whose Examinations were delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the said Thomas White said, He was born in the County of Pembrook; and put Apprentice to John Tur-

of the Petition of several Merchants of London, relating ner, a-working Goldsmith, Watchmaker, and Engraver, to the Russia Company, is referred. ' T' ' ' . rr'-J r r' j a ——

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there.

V()L. XI.

in Dublin, in the Kingdom of for Seven Years 5

where he did learn the said Arts; and, after Iris Appren-tiship was out, he lived in Limerick for about a Year; and from thence he came to London; where he wrought with one Mr. Mercheant, a Watchmaker:

That, about Four or Five Years since, he1 was committed to the Gatehouse for Debt; where also one James Pritchard was some timeafter committed a Prisoner, for

coining

66o

13° Januarii.

A. 1696.

Coinage — coming Halfpence; who came acquainted with the In- Regiment, and his Wife Esquire,

Ex.am\uauon formant, and there taught him to coin Halfpence; where a Prisoner in the FleetMr. Thomas who lived

of a Prisoner -

That afterwards, the Informant having 15/. given him to come to the and be about the Horse-Guards; by his Sister, he removed himself, by Habeas Corpus, to one Condi), a Jeweller; and one Baker, late a Merchant; the Fleet Prison; where he had Two Rooms over the both in White Fryers; one Heathome, a Pedlar about the Common Side, and there followed his Trade of a Silver- Country; Harrison, a Coffee-man, over against the Angel smith; but, not getting a Livelihood that Way, he then Inn in; Peter Haines, Goldsmith, in fVtch-

began to try to coin Money; and cast several Shillings and street; Mr. Richards, a Serjeant in the Guards, and his Half-crowns; and afterwards the said Pritchard came to Wife; a French Goldsmith in court, near

the Informant, and brought one Timothy Chamock along port-street; another French Gentleman, who lodged at with him; who brought a flatting-mill in with him; and a Dyer's House in Fleet-lane; and a Watchmaker that agreed with the Informant, to flat Silver for him, at a Pritchard knows:

Peny an Ounce; but, finding afterwards, that Chamock That Hiclcinson, a Watchmaker at the White Hartzxid. made Money of it, he would not flat any more so cheap; Glace, by the Fleet, recommended the Informant to a but agreed, either for the Third or Fourth Part of the Watch-gilder by the Hospital, who gilded Copper Pieces Money that was made of the Ingots: for him; of which the Informant made Guineas:

That there was one James Emery, a Goldsmith of That the Informant came acquainted with Mr. Tilly, Lewisin Sussex', a Prisoner in the Fleet, and one Maud, as understanding Chymistry; and had Discourse with a Watchmaker, since executed, who used to clip and him about the Transmutation of Metals; but Mr. Tilly coin there, with the Informant: afterwards sent the Informant to Chester, to fetch

There was also one Captain John Jones, that Pritchard up one Bragg, a Prisoner, w ho had made his Escape brought acquainted with the Informant; who clipped and from the Fleet; and did bring him up accordingly: And coined with him in the Fleet, several Sums of Money: afterwards Tilly imployed the Informant, with one

There was also one Mr. Richard Stroude, a Prisoner in all, to gather some Chamber-Rents: That he shewed the Fleet, who sold his broad Money to the said Maud, Mr. the Transmutation of Iron into Copper, in his for clipped Money; and Stroude persuaded the Informant Chamber in the Fleet; but knows not that 1 illy, or any to try to coin Guineas; and, accordingly, he did coin of the Officers of the Fleet, knew any thing of his Clip about Sixty Guineas for Mr. Stroude ;who invited the

Informant to go with him into Devonshire; telling him.

The East India and Guinea Fleets came in by his House; and there they could buy Gold of the Fleets, and coin

ping or Coining; but believes they might suspect something of it. '

Resolved, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do

it into Guineas, or other foreign Coin: That the Inform- represent to his Majesty, That this House is not willing ant went into the Country, by the way of Portsmouth; further to interpose, either as to the Pardon or Reprieve

and from thence to Plymouth, by Water, by Mr. s

Direction; and was with him in Devonshire about Five or Six Months, which was after the taking up of Moor, the Tripe-man, where the Informant went by the Name of Snow: And that Stroud gave him Directions, under iiis own Hand, how to come to his House:

That one James Hunter, who was employed at the Mint, furnished one Robert Chapman, and the said Moor, with all manner of Instruments for coining milled Money and Guineas; and that the Informant got several Presses made for Moor:

That one Robert Altee, a Farrier in St. Giles', and Thom. Squire, Goldsmith, at the Goldsmiths Arms in Long-Acre, were concerned in Clipping and Coining; and employed the Informant in Squ House, to clip and coin: That Daniel If are,a Smith, in I Pater-lane, in Fleet-street, made the Engines for the Informant; and struck off Eight or Ten Half-crowns in the Informant's Sight; and offered to coin with him; and that he gave Eive Guineas for an Engine; and that was making

a great Press for one Thomas II inter; and did clip some Money in this Informant's Chamber, in the Fleet:

That Joseph IVyn/i,now executed, was brought acquainted with the Informant by one John and

that JVynnwpas one of the greatest Clippers about Town;

and Daglass is now an Evidence, and came in upon White's, Information, who was before a great Clipper and Coiner.

That Mrs. Hunt, Wife to the Keeper of the Duchy Liberty in the Savoy, used to clip and coin in the Fleet, with Emery and Maud:

That Mr. James ‘Kelly, who lodged at the Leg in Long Acre, has clipped and coined, with this Informant, in the Fleet; and has had several Sums of Money from him, to put off.

That the Informant has either bought Clippings of, or sold, Counterfeit Money, at 30s. for 3 in good Money, to the Persons following; viz. John Pritchard, AJehouse-keeper in Queen-street, Bloomsbury; Mr. Mack-arty, a Broker, in a little Court near the Dog Tavern in Drury-lane; Mr. Davenport, now riding in the Earl of

of the said Thomas I Chile; but do leave him to his Majesty's Pleasure.

A Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Aldborough Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Wnt. Writ, for electing a Burgess to seve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldboroin the County of York, in the room of Sir Midunll deceased;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Vi have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Five Wreeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Petition of Francis Creswick, now a Prisoner in the Prisons and

Fleet Prison, and formerlya Prisoner in the King's Batch, Prften<)^ was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, p^' That the Petitioner, while he was a Prisoner in the King's Bench, John Farrington, who acted as Marshall there, extorted several Bonds and Judgments from the Petitioner; and hath charged him in Execution for 2001, thereupon; though, in Truth, there is not one Peny due to the said Farrington for Chamber-Rent, or any thing else: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places, may be regulated: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the use.

Mr. Fox presented to the House an Account of the Irish Matter relating to the Petition of the Troopers of the Arrears.

Lord Gallzvaye's Regiment of Horse, formerly presented to the House: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the said Account be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerfurtherof the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds;

and

8 SV. III. 13 — 14°

and to consider furtheriof that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Creditof the Nation.

Mr. Speaker; left tl»'Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

-Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they were informed there was a Message from the Lords, at the Door; and1 therefore had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, after the Message, resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and to consider further of that Part of his, Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Creditof the Nation.

Lords desire A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and

Leave for Sir Richard Ho/Jord:

Members to Mr Speaker,

a en em. Lor(Js desire this House to give Leave, That Mr.

Secretary Trumbull, Mr. Moncton, and Mr. , Mem-

bers of this House, may attend their Lordships, to give Evidence in relation to some Matters which concern the Earl of Monmouth.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to give Leave, That Sir Wm. Trumbull, Mr. Moncton, and Mr. do attend the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Supply ' Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Deficiency whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be of Funds. granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and bad directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

A

King's-Lynn Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preservation of Fort. the Navigation of the Port of King's-Lynn, in the county of ' Norfolk, be read the Second time upon Tuesday Seven-night: And that Counsel be thdn heard, at the Bar, for and against the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 14* Januarii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii. iPbayers, '

Irish Arrears- r|1H E Account presented to the House Yesterday, X by Mr. /'o.r, touching the Matter of the Petition of the Troopers of the Lord s Regiment of

Horse, was, according to Order, read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Consideration of the said Account, and Petition, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakeieell, and other Troopers, is referred.

Griffith's A Petition of Edmund Phillips Esquire was presented

Estate. to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for Sale of the Estate of Francis Griffith, late of London, Scrivener, deceased, for Vol. XI.

Januarii 1

Payment and Satisfaction of his Debts: That the Petitioner is interested in Part of the said Estate intended to be sold: And praying, That he may be heard against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for Repair of the Piers of the Harbour of Whitby

in the North Riding of the County of York, w as read a Harbour, Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Kay,

Mr ..Hoblyn, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Cooper, Sir

JVyvdl, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Hedger, Sir 77 Roberts,

Sir JVm. Coriton, Mr. Palmes, Sir Sir

Godfrey Copley, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Mr. Hamond, Mr.

Mounson, Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. York, Mr.

Mountstevens, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Sands, Mr. Jennings,

Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Harvey, Sir Cha. Hotham, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Sherrard, Lord Iruyn, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Whitaker, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir IVm. York, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Henley, Mr. Lambton, Sir Fra. Masham,

Mr. Perry, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Moore, Sir Ashley, Mr.

Osborne; and all that serve for the County of And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of divers Masters and Mariners using the Ditto, Newcastle Trade, belonging to several Ports, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Port is one of the most convenient Harbours on the Northern Coast of England;but, by reason the Piers of the said Harbour are out of Repair, many Ships and Men have been cast away, and several Ships taken, in Sight of the said Town; which might have been prevented, had the Piers been in Repair:

And praying, That the Bill, now before the House, for Repair of the Piers of the Harbour of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, may pass into an Act, for preventing the Mischiefs aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Henry Colt, according to Order, presented to the l laymarket House a Bill for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Paving, &c. Streets where the Carts of Hay and Straw' do stand, within the Parishes of St. Martins in the Fields, and James, within the Liberty of Westminster: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Humphrey Courtney's Courtney, late of Tremeere, in the County of Cornwall, Estate. Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boscawen,

Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

Gery, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Tanner, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Burrington, Colonel Granville, Mr. Price, Mr. North-more, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Gauntlet, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Bamardiston, Mr. Palmes, Sir William Twisden, Mr.

Boyle; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Price, according to Order, presented to the House Courts of a Bill to regulate the Courts of the Great Sessions, within Great Scathe Dominion and Principality of Wales', and the Pro- sions in ceedings therein. Wales.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Joseph Hill, of Rotterdam, was presented Hill's to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in Com- Sinecure.

8 F pensation

662

140 — 150 Januarii.

A. 1696.

pensation for his Losses, by Writing for the English In- Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee, terest against the French, in Zealand, King Charles the lid Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, gave him the Sinecure of Llandinam, in the County of Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, Montgomery, allowing him to put in a younger Man, in That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to respect of his great Age; accordingly, he named John them referred; and had directed him to move, That they Spademan Clerk, who, in 1674, was presented, instituted, may have Leave to sita«iain.

and inducted, in the said Sinecure; who being Minister to English Merchants in Rotterdam, when the Act for the Oath of Allegiance to King William and Queen Mary came forth, lie knew nothing, that he was concerned therein in the time prescribed by the Act; but, coming into England, in 1691, he took the said Oath, at the Quarter-Sessions at Hicks'-Hull; but the Dean and Chapter of Bangor, who have the Reversion of the said Sinecure by Act of Parliament, made in King James the lid's time, have sued the said Spadem the present Possession, upon a Pretence of Forfeiture of the said Sinecure; notwithstanding an Award made upon Reference by Sir Win. Trumhall, which the said Dean and Chapter refuse

to stand by: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the said John Spademan to enjoy the said Sinecure, notwithstanding the said Act.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 15° die Januarii; 8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray ers.

SIR Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported, prohibiting from the Committee of the whole House, to whom India bilks, the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Ca^coesAc. Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and

I . a. _ 4.1 _ FI _ _ a _ J TTl A.! 1 !_ A___ 1 i_ 1 j C §4 in/ I ti //» rl 11 I .'kilt / % /\ An r-vi*l rhf A/1 Air* O f r\ t n A /I f n A«^A

Coinage, &c.

cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, was Joseph Williamson do prepare and bring in, the Bill. committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to

the Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de-Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw' up livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were a Clause or Clauses, for the explaining, and making more once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by effectual, the Acts for re-coining the hammered Money; one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, and to provide against all Abuses by Receivers of publick agreed unto by the House.

Money; and also to examine what Dyes have been got An Amendment being proposed to be made in the out of the Tower, and by what Means; and to inquire Preamble of the Bill, by adding " Stuffs mixed with

into any Miscarriages of the Patent-Officers of the Mint; and to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Wm.Blackett, Sir William St. Quintal, Sir Cha. Sidley, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Sir Phil. Butter, Sir

Robert Clayton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Palmes, Sir Hot ham, Si r Edward Seymour, Mr. MachMr. Boyle, Mr. Clat'k, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Norris, Mr. Neale, Sir

" Silks or Ilerba, and ;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the like Amendments w ere proposed, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed upon to be made, in several other Places of the Bill:

And the Bill was amended accordingly.

Then a Motion being tirade, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Bill be

Masham, Mr. Coupe r, Sir Eduard Abney, Mr. Serjeant adjourned until Morning, Twelve a Clock;

Bond, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Cold, Mr. Morgan, Sir Strickland, SirGerv. Elwcs, Sir Mr.

Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Fuller, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Hobby, Lord Digby, Sir Walter Yong, Colonel Wharton, Colonel Perrey, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Mansell, Mr. Manley, Colonel Granville, Mr. Bohun, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Western, Mr. Bertie: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to sit de die in diem.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for

[Mr.

f Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

}n9*

Tellers for the Noes,

1

J

98.

luxes paid into Exchequer,

Me mailing Debt*

A Petition of Archibald Jacob Smith, Mat- Irish Arreia

there and Edward Brazen, in behalf of themselves,

and other the Soldiers under the Command of Colonel Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, By£Ay, and Colonel for the Reducing of Ire-

by the Officers of the Exchequer, and Agents for Taxes, land-, which was formerly presented to the House, and of all Monies paid in by any Receivers of the Revenue, lay upon the I able; w as read; setting forth, I hat the or Taxes, between the 1 st ot February last, and the 24th Petitioners have, ever since 1692, daily expected that

Day of June 1606; and upon what respective Funds the Colonel would have made up his Accounts, and

same were so paid; wdth the Names of the Receivers, satisfied his Troops: But, notwithstanding his Majesty's who paid the same in . Declaration at in August 1694, That he

had paid the Colonels; the Address of this House in Mr. Papillion, according to Order, presented to the April 1695; and the King's repeated Orders, That the House an Account of Debts remaining owing to the Colonels should satisfy their Soldiers; yet Colonel Victualling-Office, Londozi, the 30th Day of September hath not accounted with, or satisfied, the Petitioners:

161)6: And also, And praying the House to give such Directions in the

A11 Account of Debts remaining owing at the Victual- Premises, as that the Petitioners may be satisfied for ing-Office, London, as far as are adjusted, the 31th Day their said Services, in the Reducing of Ireland, of December 16c)6. And Colonel Byerly being heard, in his Place; and

Ordered, Thai the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, acquainting the House, That his Accounts lie before the

iv

an

to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Land Tax. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts; and praying, That they may be directed to report to the Hou<e, how his Accounts stand;

Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts do give the House an Account of the Matter relating to the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Crocker have Leave to go into Leave of

the Absence*

P

P>

pi

K

8 W.

15 ° — 16° yartuarii.

661

the Country for Five Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Tavistock

Election.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Flection for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Hammered A Petition of several Merchants of London, tradingin Money. Wines, Oil, and Fruit, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That ..... have great Effects in foreign Parts, hound home for England, by Sea, to be consumed here; which will pay a great Sum of Money to his Majesty, for Customs: That the Petitioners have great Sums of hammered Money lying by them, which, by an Act for remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom, they conceived, should be received for Customs at 5. 8- per Ounce, till the First Day of June next; but, by reason of some dubious Words in the said Act, the Officers of the Customs declare, they will not receive such hammered Money any longer than the 1st of February; which will be very detrimental to Trade, and lessen his Majesty's Revenue: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,(Jlr JoJm Bolles>

' [Mr. Gztynn:

Tellers for the Noes Ciilliford,

1 eiiers for uie jn oes, Chadwick

So it passed in the Negative Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

setting forth,..... the said Fade was arrested by die Petitioners for great Slims of Money; who made his Escape out of Prison, and tied into the Mint; for the getting him out thence, it cost the Petitioners 100 Guineas; and then Fade removed himself to the Fleet, with a Charge of 9,622/. Actions; and Mr. Tilly was desired to keep Fade in safe Custody; but Tilly, though then in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, suffered him to go abroad without Security, or a Waiter; and is gotten again into the Mint, with a Design to go beyond Sea with a groat Estate, to defraud his Creditors of their Debts; and though Tilly was ordered by the Committee appointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other privileged Places, may be regulated, to bring Fade before them, yet he hath not done it: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that Mr. Gery be added to the Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Highways, inlarge Highways And that Mr. Archer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

99-

j

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Ways

and Means.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland.

A Petition of Robert Norris was presented to the House, Griflith'i and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending Lstate. in the House, for Sale of the Estate of Francis Griffith, late of London, Scrivener, deceased, for Payment amt Satisfaction of his Debts: That the Petitioner, a little before his Death, left in his Hands 200l. to be paid to one Mr. Richardson; which was not paid, but found in Specie in Mr. Griffith's Study; which the Petitioner is like to lose, his Case being different from the other Creditors:

And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for continuing several former Acts for punishing Punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Ma- Mutiny and jesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for ^,*ieruon' Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en- Leigh's able Edward Leigh Esquire, and Jane his Wife, and their EsUte* Trustees, to sell the Manors of Waxham, and , and

certain Lands and Tenements in Norfolk; and to purchase and settle other Lands to the same Uses: And that Sir Henry Hobart, and Mr. Serjeant Wogan, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Committees.

jt

\C

Prisons and pretended privileged Places.

IVitto.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of , African

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Company, by great Losses, and the Charge of maintaining several Forts and Factories, the Petitioners are no longer able to maintain the same; and the private Traders bearing no Part of that Charge by which the Trade to Africa is defended, the Petitioners are rendered uncapable to trade at such Disproportions: And praying, That there may be some Expedient for preserving the said Trade to this Nation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling and regulating

MR. Podding ton, according to Order, presented to the Trade to Africa.

the House a Bill for preventing the Abuses of Pri- Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

sons, and pretended privileged Places: And the same was referreiit0 said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lord Combury and Mr. Stevens be Blackwell-added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to restore the hull Market Market for Woollen Cloths in , and

hall, to the Clothiers, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sahbati, 16° die;

Gulielmi Tertii.

8°

Pa

AYERS.

received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

iji'jf!i

i*

A Petition of John Tayler and Joseph on be-

half of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of James Fade, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read;

Vol. XI.

Ordered, That Leave be given, in the Bill for Repair of Rvegaie, &c.

the Roads.

v

> .\im

664

16° — 1&°

A. 1696.

ve Lanes c&Wed Horshill, leading from By gate to Hook- Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee appointed to preVentm wood Common, and Bonehurst, in the Parish -of Harley, inspect the Laws for preventing the Exportation of Wool; Exportation

Supply B\W , Land Tax.

in the County of Surrey, to provide for the Repair aho of the Way between Godstone and East

The House, according to the Order of the Bay, Te-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Buties, payable for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Kescdvcd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of tire said Bill.

Mitchell

Election.

Conmnumets oC Accounts.

and to consider of the most effectual Means for prevent- Wool, ing the Exportation of Wool; and to whom the Consideration of the Petition of the principal - Gentry,4 Freeholders, and others, now or late, Inhabitants of the Cinque-Ports, and Places adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many others having Estates near the Sea-coasts, within the Counties of Kent and Sussex; and also the Petition of the Merchants, and Cloth-makers, Cloth-workers, and Staplers, of the West-Biding of the County of York; was referred; That they had inspected the Laws, and considered the other Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee had met several times, and examined several Gentlemen, and Officers belonging to the Customs; by whose Testimony it fully appeared, That the Penalties inflicted upon, the several Hundreds within

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- Five Miles of the Sea-coasts, out of, or through, which, rough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, be made any Wool is conveyed by the Transporters thereof, hath

upon Tuesday Morning next. caused the chief Inhabitants to remove from thence, and

settle themselves elsewhere; which hath encouraged the Resolved, That this House will, upon this Bay Seven- Offenders more freely to export Wool: And that, since night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the Act, which inflicts the Punishment against the Hun-

rt rwrtm i4 «. I t I 1 AV O 1/1 It ft 8LTVd St/dtjfy — 1 1 i 1 11 I ll'l 11 1 k.__*__ f* _ A _ _1 — . J l.L

to consider of the Bill for examining, taking, ing, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence horn the Expiration of the former Commission; and will then proceed to a new Election of Commissioners.

Commtitets. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 18° die Januarii;

y . .1

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Russia A RD E RE D, That Mr. , Mr. Price, Sir Company. L/ Ashurst, Sir Thomas Travell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants of London, relating to the Russia Company, is referred.

Whitby

Harbour.

Letters of Marque.

Ordered, That Sir Edxcard Sir

Sir Ralph Delavall, Sir IVm. Ashurst, Mr. Egerlon, Sir Thomas Travell, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Repair of the Piers of the Harbour of in

the North Riding of the County of York, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Ilung Sir Sam. diston, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Winington, Sir Tho. Travell, Sir Ra. Delavall, Sir IVm. Colonel

Thompson, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Arnold, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of se veral Merchants of London, relating to Letters of Marque, is referred.

Courtney's

Estate.

A Petition of William and Tristram Arscott, of Norton, in the County of Cornwall, and Peter Courtney, and Pa-si lea Durban, Widow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending in the House, to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of, Humphry Court?iey, late of Trevieere, in the County of Coj'n-wall, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of his Debts; and that the Petitioners stand bound foi: the said Mr. Courtny, who also is indebted to the Petitioners, by Bonds, Judgements, and other Securities, in several great Sums of Money, which, the Petitioners are advised, are not sufficiently, secured by the said Bill: And praying. That such Provision may be made in the said Bill, as may relieve the Petitioners in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

dredors, the French Shallops have more infested, and lain in greater Numbers about the Sea-coasts than heretofore: And that more Wool hath been exported; it appearing to the Committee, That it is the Interest of the Officers of the Customs, employed to suppress the Exporters of Wool, to permit the real Offenders, who, for the most part, are Persons of small Substance, to escape without Prosecution, and to sue the Hundreds only.

And, upon Consideration of the several Laws relating to the Exportation of Wool, the Committee, upon the whole Matter, came to these Resolutions; viz. t

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, having fully proved the Allegations in their Petition, are worthy the Relief of this House; and that so much of the Act within the Petition mentioned, as relates to the Prosecution or Punishment of any the Hundredors, for the Offences of others, ought to be repealed; it appearing to have been a great Means for a more free Exportation of Wool.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tin's Committee,

That, to enforce the present Laws, and make them more effectual to prevent the Exportation of Wool, all Persons, having any W ool within Five Allies of the Sea-coasts, shall be obliged to make, true Entries thereof, according to Law, under the Penalty of being seized, as forfeited, wheresoever it shall be found. ,.

3. i£e.so/ra/,.Thatit is the Opinion of this Committee, That, after such due Entry made,) and before any Removal of such Wool be allowed, that such Person shall certify the Name,- and Place of Abode, of such Person to whom he sells or disposes of it; and the certain Day when the same shall be removed; and, in case of -Neglect or Refusal, such Wool may be seized, as forfeited, where-ever it shall be found.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Officers of the Customs, appointed to make such Entries, shall keep an exact Registry of all Entries of Wool; and return a true Copy thereof, under his Hand, to the next respective Quartjer-Sessions of such County-; and, in case of Neglect or Refusal, such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and be incapable to serve therein, or any other Place relating to the Customs.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for the better Execution of the present Laws, and preventing the Frauds hitherto practised, in Evasion thereof, that all Wool shipped from Ireland to any Port in England, or- from one Port to anothtrr in England, the Person to whom such Wool is consigned or sold, shall make a Certificate of the Receipt thereof^ upon Oath,

2 2 before-

L.OOQ1C

8 W. III.

iX

\n

fiit

m

w.c

l'e-

tk

«'A

te

jA

TiOT

18° Januarii.

665

before the Master of the Vessel shall have any Return to Mr. and Sir Rowland Crwynn, do prepare, and

discharge his Rond; which Affidavit shall be annexed to such Master's Certificate, in order to discharge his Bond.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Commanders of the armed Sloops, appointed, by the late Act, to cruise from off the North Foreland to the Isle of JFight, to prevent the Exportation of Wool,

shall, once in Two Days, if the Weather permit, send their Roat to Shore, to the Surveyor, within his Station,

bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That they do bring in a Clause to the said Rill, That such Persons as shall be convicted for being concerned in Exporting of Wool, who shall not be able to answer the Penalties, be transported to the Plantations.

A Petition of the Commissioners, appointed by the late St. Paul'* Acts of Parliament, for the Rebuilding of the Cathedral Catbedml.

to receive such Informations and Intelligence from them Church of St. Paula, and Parochial Churches, was pre-as may best tend to the seizing such French Boats, or any sented to the House, and read; setting torth, That great

others, bringing or carrying prohibited Goods,

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding " and Borders of Scotland," after " Sea-coasLs And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, to enforce the present Laws, and make them more effectual to prev ent the Exportation of Wool, all Persons, having any Wool within Five Miles of the Sea-coasts, and Borders of Scotland, shall be obliged to make true Entries thereof,

according to Law, under the Penalty of being seized, as forfeited, wheresoever it shall be found.

The Third Resolution, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

' The Fourth Resolution, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, alter the last W ord " Customs," by adding " or any other publick " Employment; and to remain in Gaol for One Year And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House, doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the

Care hath been taken for carrying on the said Building; but, by reason of the extraordinary Dearness of Materials, the same cannot be completed within the time allotted by the said Acts; and there is much Money owing to Workmen, and many Parochial Churches are not finished; besides which, a dreadful Accident happened at Portland, which has rendered the Harbours and Quarries there useless, and will cost much Money to repair the same: That the Duty given upon Coals, for carrying on the said Works, expires in the Year 1700, after which time 6 d. per Chaldron is granted to the Orphans, towards Satisfaction of their Debt: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the Petitioners, by continuing the Duties charged upon Coals: And that Mr. Secretary Trumbull and Sir William Ashursl do prepare, and bnng in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Accounts from the Victuallers of Victualling the Navy, which lie upon the Table, be referred to the Dabt. Consideration of a Committee: And that they do inspect and examine the same: and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Philip Butler, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Gere. EhccSir Herne, Sir t Alarm. Wyvell, Mr. Henly, Sir John Parsons, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Sir Edxc. Abney, Mr. Moor, Sir Robert,

Colonel Perry, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Mr. Ryder,

Officers of the Customs, appointed to make such Entries, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Colt, Mr. Bridges, Sir

shall keep an exact Registry of all Entries of Wool; and return a true Copy thereof, under his Hand, to the next respective Quarter-Sessions of such County; and in case of Neglect or Refusal, such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and he incapacitated to serve therein, or any other Place relating to the Customs, or any other publick Employment; and to remain in Gaol for One Year.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding send for Persons, Books, Papers, and Records. " And that effectual Care be taken against the compounding for such Bonds; and that the Officers who shall " neglect their Duty shall forfeit their Places, and " suffer a Year's Imprisonment;" after the last Word " Bond "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House

ther, Lord Combury, Mr. Brewer, Sir Hen. Johnson, Mr. Watlington, Mr. Brother ton. Air. Manley, Mr. Boscaxcen, Mr. Farter, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Newport, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Denz. Onslow, Mr. Clarke, Sir Fra. -sam, Mr. Trelaxcney, Mr. Bmryer, Mr. Taylor, Colonel Granville, Mr. Fuller-, And all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to

xk

Kfc

8*

fes

A Petition of the Clothiers, Serge-makers, and Trades- Discount <* men, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in and Bank- Bill*, about the Towns of Collompton, Bampton, and other Places adjacent, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners labour under very great Alisfortunes, by reason of the N on-Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com- currency of hammered Aloney, the Want of new Aloney, mittee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, for the and the intolerable Discount of Bank- Bills; which, if con-better Execution of the present Laws, and preventing the tinued, will inevitably ruin the Petitioners; and, conse-Frauds hitherto practised, in Evasion thereof, That all questly, increase the Number and Aliseries of the Poor;

Wool shipped from Ireland to any Port in England, or whose Calamities already are beyond Expression for want from one Port to another in England, the Person to of Work, and by reason of the Dearth of Corn: And whom such Wool is consigned, or sold, shall make a Cer- praying the House to take the Premises into Considera-tificate of the Receipt thereof, upon Oath, before the tion, and to relieve the Petitioners therein.

t

0

4

Alaster of the Vessel shall have any Return to discharge his Bond; which Affidavit shall be annexed to such Alaster's Certificate, in order to discharge his Bond: And that effectual Cave he taken against the compounding for such Bonds; and that the Officers who shall neglect their Duty shall forfeit their Place, and suffer a Year's Imprisonment.

The Sixth and last Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in, according to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Brewer, SR PhUipButler, You XI.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order for the Call of the House being read; Ca^ of And a Alotion being made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now proceed to the Call thereof;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

rr , r v- fSir Robert Cotton, Tellers fat the \ eas,^jr Manley:

Tellers for the Noes

So it passed in the Negative.

% G

) 84.

'33-

Ordered,

666

18° — -19* — -20' Januarii.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned until this Day Sevennight; and then nothing to intervene: And that such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, Land Tax. resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

A. \6^6.

consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed hint to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of York, in the room of Sir JMichacll IVentworth, deceased, be Luther adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to he granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliament ary Lunds; and to consider further of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Leigh's

Martis, 19* die Januarii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pra ters.

SI R Henry Hobart, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable Edward Leigh Esquire, «iid Jane his Wife, and their Trustees, to sell the Manors of IVaxham and Horsey, and certain Lands and Tenements in Norfolk; and to purchase and settle other Lands to the same Uses: And the same was received.

The Dill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bili be read a Second time.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for repairing and amending the I^ane called Horshill, leading from Rygate to Hookwood Common, and a Lane called Bonehurst, in the Parish of

in the County of Surrey: And the same was received. The Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee of Tav\»inc\ Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the tAtcuon. Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, he made upon this Day Sevennight,

The House, according to the Order of the "Day, re- y\\\;

solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- v-aA'<i ';ax* sider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, as well by a Land Tax, ashy several Subsidies, and richer Duties, payable for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; and directed him to report the same to the House, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

Ryg&te, See. Roads.

Leave of Absence.

Securing

Debts.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Butler have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Morley have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Neal have Leave to go into the Country, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Dutton have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Sir William St. Quintin, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Securing of Debts, and Establishing of Credit: And the same was received.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, "Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 20* die Januarii;

8* Gulielmi Tevtii.

P R A Y £ R S.

MR. Sloane, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill to enable Robert Stopjord Esquire to Esua*. sell Lands and Tythes in fVysall, in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts: And the same waa received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Petition of Captain James Hamilton was presented to \lam\Wi the House, and read; setting forth, That, in February Cldvns. 1688 tire Petitioner raised and armed a Company of Foot in Colonel GustavusHamilton's Regiment; and, in

August 1689, he raised a Troop of Dragoons in Colonel Wynn's Regiment, and had a Commission for the same from Major-General Kirk; who afterwards broke the Petitioner, without any just Cause: That the Petitioner appealed to his Majesty, when in Ireland; who ordered a Court-Martial to try the same; which was delayed till the King left Ireland; and then the same was called, without Notice to the Petitioner, his Witnesses being absent, and he not knowing thereof till he came to the Room, where the same, consisting of all Field Officers, was held: That he applied to General Gingle, for a lie-hearing before another Court-Martial; but he would not call one, because

Highways. Mr. Archer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enlarge Highways: And the same was received.

Mitchell Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, be made upon this Day Sevennight.

thorough Ordered, That the Debate upon the Motion, made upon il Wednesday last, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for

17

the Injury was done before he commanded in Chief: That the Petitioner hath, several times, addressed the General Officers sitting at the Hor se-G for a Court-Martial *,

but they have had bo Regard tp his Complaint: That the Petitioner served in the Wars in , from the

Beginning until the same was reduced, and nevcv received any Pay, Subsistence, or Reward, save 3 L 10 though his House was burnt, his Stock taken away, and ins Land wasted: And praying the House to take his Case into Consideration, and to relieve him therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question bein; put, That the Consideration of the said Petition b

refern

8 W. III.

ao* — 21® Januarii.

667

petition relating to a Member*

Highways.

Lords desire

Leave for Members to attend them.

referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John

Hakeu'dl, and other Troopers, is referred;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Pcshall Baronet was presented to the House, relating to Sir Stephen Evans, a Member of this House;

Who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Stephen Evans do attend in hi* Place, upon Friday Morning next: And that the Petition be then read.

A Bill to enlarge Highways was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, that Sir Abney and Mr.

JJenzill Onslow, Members of this House, may have Leave to attend the Lords House, to be examined as Witnesses, jn a Matter depending in that House, between the Earl of Huntington and his Son the Lord Hastings.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth give Leave to Sir

Ordered, That all Committee) be revived.

Committses.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Juris, 21* die

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

flRDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting Part of the Estate of Roger Esquire,

deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children, according to a Power reserved to him in his Marriage-Settlement; but could not be executed by him, by reason of his Lunacy, after his Marriage: And that Mr. Preston and Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Crowfo's

Estate.

A Petition of several Traders to Newfoundland, inha- Newfound-biting within the City of Bristoll, on behalf of themselves, fond Trade, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, the French have lately taken the Town of St.Johns, in land, and destroyed the English Settlement there: And,

liiuv kino a jlwuou uuui UvGlv v U/ U1I J C '

Edward Abney and Mr. Onslow to attend the Lords, as if 8ome sp^dy Care be not taken, they fear the whole

1 V 1 t I at 'r A\ T- _ ../Va a. ...all L. x I 4- ✓X 4 Vx a r. oil

their Lordships do desire

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Prisons and pretended privileged Places.

Sisk

V®

wt

A Bill for preventing the Abuses of Prisons, and pretended privileged Places, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Price, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Dolben, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Mr. Gwynn,

Mr. Arnold, Sir John Fagg, Lord Ranelagh, Sir Gervas Elwcs, Sir Tho. Roberts, Colonel Wharton, Sir Wm.

Loiother, Sir Edward Ernly, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Hobby,

Mr. Norris, Mr. Woodrofe, Mr. Bracer, Sir Wm. Cori-ton. Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Rmney, Mr. Clark, Sir Wm. Hompwood, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Sloan, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Colt, Mr. Perry, Sir Wm. Bmves, Mr. Mr.

Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Co.r, Mr. Founds, Sir Wm. Cooper, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ethe~ ridge, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Mason, Mr. And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Trade to Newfoundland will be lost to this Nation; to the Impoverishment of the Petitioners: And praying, That a sufficient Force may be sent thither, to regain what is lost, and to secure what remains of the English Interest.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom several Petition* relating to the Newfoundland Trade have been referred.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House that serve 'Whitby for the Sea-Ports and Cinque-Ports, be added to the Com- Barbour, mittee, to whom the Bill for Repair of the Piers of the Harbour of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, is committed.

A Bill for the better Securing of Debts, and Establishing of Credit, was read the first time.

Resolved, Thai the Bill be read a Second time, upon Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Securing

Debts.

A tumultuous Crowd of People coming into tire Palace- Proceeding* Yard, and Westminster hall, and Passage towards this dispersing House; and into the Lobby of this House; assembled

Ordered, That the Justices of Peace of Middlesex, and about the

ttirv-i

\i\

Westminster, and Southwark, and Members for the City House. Preventing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to of London, do go and endeavour to disperse the said aiiVtale'of6 Pfrevent the Buying and Selling of Offices and Places of Multitude.

Offices.

m m Hie lat soil we

W

Supply Bill; hand rax.

0

Trust: And that Colonel Wharton and Mr. Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, as well by a Land Tax as by several Subsidies and other Duties, payable for One Year, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where tire same were once read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report he adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Sheriffs and Justices of Peace of London and Middlesex do immediately attend this House.

Resolved, That the inciting and encouraging any Number of Persons to come in a riotous, tumultuous, or disorderly manner, to this House, in order either to binder or promote the Passing of any Bill depending before this House, being against the Constitution and Freedom of Parliament, is a high Crime and Misdemeanor.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine into the Causes and Occasions of the great Tumults of the Multitude who appeared this Day at the Door of this House, in order to press the passing a Bill, depending in this House, to restrain the W earing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Pcrsfeand India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there; and consider how such Tumults may be prevented for the future: And it is referred to Mr. Sir Tho. Sir

Chr. Musgrove, Sir Wm. Bones, Sir Alarm. Mr.

jtf

*1

fTohiVituig Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Bill to Mr. Palmes, Mr. Clark, Mr. A Sir John

IndiaSilks, restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Smith, lord Mr.

C*lUcoe*,&c. imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, Manly, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Fleming, Sir and all Callicoes printed or stained there, be further Colt, Mr. Chase, Mr. Sir Moly-

adjourned until Monday Sevennight; and nothing to neux, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Moore, Air. intervene. Blof eild, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Morgan, Sir. Win. Strkk-

Vol.X.1. land,

4

66fc

cu° — 32° Januarii.

A. 1696.

land, Mr. Onslow, Sir Richard Omlcrw, Sir Geruas Elxves, And the Question being put, That the Clause b® Sir Godfrey Copley, Sit Jos. Heme, Mr. Mount stcvens, Sir received;

IVin. Scawen, Mr. Brewer, Sir John Ehdll, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr, Hoblyn; and all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe; and all that serve for London and Middlesex; and the Justices of the Peace for Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers; and to sit de die in diem: And have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

79-

1164.

Ranbam's

K stale.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for voting the Manor of Holme, alias East-Holme, and Swan-nage, in the County of Dors, Part of the Estate of Sir John Hanham Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for dis-

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas lMr' PerrV< tellers for me teas, ^,r Brother ton:

Tellers for the Noes, I

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That upon Oath made before the Commissioners, that Debts are desperate, they are to charge or discharge the same, as they think fit; with Blanks:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed upon by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

with Blanks, That Mortgages, in actual Possession, shall.

charang a Mortgage thereupon and upon the Residue be ch ' d for the f)^ due thereon

of the said Sir John Hanhaihs Estate; and for Payment of his other Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to go into the Country, a near Relation of his being very ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward A sh have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Brent have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable

for One Year....

And the Residue of the Amendments to the Bill, being severally read a Second time, one by one, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Members of Parliament shall not be taxed until after the Rising of the Parliament; with Blanks;

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and other Amendments made thereunto:

And the same, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for exempting her Royal Highness her Annuities from the Tax:

And the same was twice read; . upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the same shall not extend to charge the Queen Dowager's Annuity, payable out of the Excise:

And the same was once read:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Persons owing Money at Interest, and the Commissioners being satisfied therewith, shall make a proportionable Deduction out of the Tax:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made' Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, if Assessors neglect, the Commissioners are to take care, that Persons, not taking the Oaths, be doubly charged:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That Loans on Credit of the Act of J* 3, for Annuities remaining unsatisfied, to be first transferred to the Tax of 3s. in the Pound; and, in the next Place, all Monies lent on the Exchequer in General; with Blanks:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled ..; and other Amendments made thereunto:

And the same, upon the Question put thereupon, wa* agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the BilL And,

Another Clause being offered, to be made Part thereof for Bills to be issued by the Commissioners of the Treasury, to be accepted in Payments;

The same ivas once read;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

llesolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And the Question being put, that the Clause be read a

Second time.

The 'House divided. The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

/Sir 1

\Mr. Moor:

{Sir Fra. , 1

Sir Tho. Pope Blount:f 12°' So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That any Person may pay all or any of their Years Tax in One Payment, in hammered Money; with a Blank for the Time:

And the same was twice read; and the Blank filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, ^or Payment of Soldiers Quarters by Receivers in the Country:

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, and Justices of Peace, attended, according to Order;

They were called in; and acquainted with the Tumult which appeared this Day at the House, and the ill Consequences thereof; and required to take care for the dispersing the same, and for preserving the publick Peace.

And then they withdrew.

Sheriffs of London to prevent Tumultabcfll the Howe.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 22° die Januarii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

P R A Y E R S.

SI R Robert Cotton reported from the Committee, to Stockly* ' whom the Bill to enable Mary Stockley, an Infant, to sell Lands in the County of Chester, to pay the Debts of Jeffry Stock ley, her Father, deceased, was comihitted.

That

8 W. III.

act" y.amarii.

Poor Laws*

That they had considered the feme j and made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered \That Mr. Farrer, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Hoare, Sir John Sir Jos.

Heme, Sir John Elroill, Lord , Mr.

Mr. Arnold, Colonel Gibson, Mr. Staines, Mr.

A Petition of one Thomas Sampson was presented to Sampson'* the House, and read; and withdrawn. Petition.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Registering That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Registering Bills of Sales of Ships;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That Return of the Sheriffs may, till Michaelmas next, make Returns of June*‘ Juries, as they did before the Act, made the laltSelftons for the Ease of Jurors; and to enforce Clerks of the Peace to make their Returns for the future, pursuant to that Act: And that Sir St. Andrew St. John, and Mr.

Colonel Perry, Mr. Sand/ord, Mr. Foley, be added to do prepare, and bring in, the Bill,

the Committee, to whom it is referred to inspect the Laws

relating to the Poor; and to bring in a Bill for Explaining, and better Execution, thereof; and for the better Relief and.Employment of the Poor.

lrifttArrears. Ordered, That Sir Cha. Carterett, Mr. Mawditt, Mr.

I^avibton, Mr. Berty, Mr. Sir I Roberts,

Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Hoare, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakcwell, and other Troopers, is referred.

Coinage, &<-; Ordered, That Sir John Austin, Sir Francis Maskam, Sir Mann. IVivell, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Thompson, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to examine what Dyes have been got out of the Tower; and by what Means; and to inquire into any Miscarriages of the Patent-Officers of the Mint.

A Petition of Martha Johnson, Reli6t and Executrix Pbfous ""d of Henry Johnson, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; fetttng forth, That the Petitioner hath obtained puc'e»f a Decree in Chancery for l, 170/. with Interest, to be paid at a certain time, or else the Petitioner was to be put into the Possession of l'everal Houses belonging to the Fleet Pril'on; of which the Petitioner hath received but 250/.:

That titere is a Bill, depending in the House for preventing the Abuses of Prisons, and pretended privileged Places:

And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, for laving the Petitioner's Right in the Premises.

Ordered, That trie Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

h

ut.

Privilege — a Person in custody petitions lor Difcliar&e.

Ilanbam's

KlVdte,

a

A Petition of John Rye, of London, Merchant, in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; whereby he acknowledged his Offence; and begged Pardon for the same: And prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John llye be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manors of Holme, alias East-Holme, and Swamwge, in the County of Dorset, Part of tive Estate of Sir John Ilcmham Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging a Mortgage thereupon, and upon the Residue of the said Sir John Hanham's Estate; and for Payment of his other Debts; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

m

Prisons and pretended privileged Places.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House that are of the Long Robe be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Abuses of Prisons, and tended privileged Places, is committed.

Ordered, That Major Morgan have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House refnmed the adjourned Debate, of Yelier- Supply Bill 1 day, upon the Clause, offered to the Bill for granting an Land Tax. Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as byfeveral Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year:

And the Clause was read a Second time; and the Blanks filled up; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill,

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, for appropriating a certain Sum of Money, first arising by the Monthly Tax, for Payment of Soldiers Quarters.

And the same was twice read, and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And another Clause being offered, relating to Trustees for Infants, and Persons beyond Sea;

The same was once read:

And a Debate ..... thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Mornina.

!£ l» f

am.,

ClriffitVa

Eilat#.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Francis , late

of London, Scrivener, deceased, for Payment and Satisfaction of his Debts, was committed, That they had considered the fame, and the Petitions to them referred; and had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Came were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one , and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the same shall not prejudice the Right that Mr. Phillipps hath to any Part of the Premises:

And the same was twice Tead; and, upon the Questioe put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be mad Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol.XI.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Mcredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to A fa ton's enable Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet to l'upply an Omission of a Limitation intended in lhs Marriage-Settlement, for wae the Benefit of his issue Male: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Oliver Nece, of Neve's Great JVitchingham, in tire County of NEiquire, 1 to fell Two Houses in London; and for vesting other Lands in the said County, of greater Value, to the feme LJ fes: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resobed, That this House will, on this Day Seven- Ways and night, resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, Means* to consider of W ays and Means for raising the Supply* to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport -Debt, for the Reducing of

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply, after the Consideration of the adjourned Debate, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

ll further

J

670

2 2° — - 2 30 Januarii.

A. 1696-

further of the Supply to he granted to his Majesty, for the making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and to consider further of that Purt of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the N ation.

be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakewell, and other Troopers, is referred.

That all Committees be adjourned; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Mr' lelleis for the 1 eas, ^:

Tellers for the N°es>{ T'

So it was rel'olved in the Affirmative.

81.

j- 53*

That the Consideration of the Petition of Courtney'* Dorothea Spinl'ter, which was laid upon the Ta- tuaie.

Committees. A Motion being made, and the Question bein<» put, ^le until the Bill to enable Trustees to fell the Flute of " . 0 Humphry Courtney, late of in the County of

Cornwall, Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentry, Merchants, Matters and nridlimum Owners of Ships, Freeholders, and others, inhabiting in Harbour, and near the Town of cum Key, in the County of York, was presented to the House, anil read; letting forth, That the Bay of Bridlington is a safe arid commodious Haven, for his Majesty's, and all other, Ships, that inav have Occasion to lie there, from the Rage of the Sea; but that lately the North Pier was, by the V iolence of the Sea, broken down; and the Materials thereof has lb choaked up the Harbour, betwixt the North and South Piers, that there is not any Passage for Ships or Boats to go into or out of the said Haven; and the whole Piers are in Danger of being utterly demolished, if not timely prevented: That the Repairs of the said Piers will be l'o vastly great and chargeable, that it cannot be effected without the Aid of the House: And praying, That Order may be taken for the repairing the Haven, Key, and Piers of the said Harbour; and for the future Support and Maintenance of the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Ji m. Strickland and Sir Hustler do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Neve's for enabling Oliver Neve, ot Great in the bftute.

County of , Esquire, to fell Two Houses in Lon-

don; and for vesting other Lands, in the said County, of greater Value, to the same Uies; was read the Hilt time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Crowle's

Estate.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

- mm - -t_ - - nan. 1 ----- -- — — ----- -- - , m

Sabbali, 23° die Januarii.;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Mlt. Preston, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for vesting Part of the Fit ate of Roger Crouie, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for railing

Portions for his younger Children, according to a Power r< l'erved to him in his Marriage-Settlement; but could not he executed by him, by realbii of his Lunacy, after his Marriage: And the same was received.

The Bill w'as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Taxes paid into tx-chequer.

Privilege — a Person reprimanded and dif-C barged.

The Officers of the Exchequer, and Agents for Taxes attending;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Certificate of all the Monies jraid into the Receipt of the Exchequer upon Taxes, between the First Day of February 169.5, and the 24th of June 1696; and upon what respective Funds the same were paid; with the Names of the Receivers: And also.

An Account of all Monies paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, by the Receivers of the Revenues and Taxes, between the ift Day of February lull and the 24th Day o f June 1696.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Certificate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

John Rye, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, 'i hat the said John Rye be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Bill for repairing and amending the Lane called. Rygate,4c. Horshill, leading from Rygale to Hook Common,

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Irish Arrears. A Petition of Captain James Jones, Captain Francis Punjoy, and Captain Joseph Bennett, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Officers of Brigadier

and a Lane called Boneliurst, in the Parish of Hurley, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Sam. Barnanliston, Mr. Conyers, Colonel Gibson, Mr. Machell, Mr. Taylor, Sir Genas Flues,

Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Colt, Lord CoSir 7 Mom-pesson, Sir John BuchuiU, Sir JVm. Bowes, Sir lien. Hobart, Sir JVm.York, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sir

Mann. JVivell, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir John Mr.

Stonehouse, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Sir 7 Ro-

bei'ts, Mr. Swift, Mr. Norris, Mr. Paddington, Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Maudit, 'SivFrekc i and all the Members that serve for the Counties of and

Susse.v: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of the Proprietors and Owners of Part of King's Ljm

Regiment of Foot, lately commanded by Colonel Toby the 210,000 Acres in the great Level of the Fens, called Pori.

Pursell, now Governor of Cork, in the Kingdom of Ireland, w as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, in 1692 the said Colonel Parsed received of Charles For Esquire the Sum of 3,000l. at Two several Payments, for the life of the said.....; but that he con-

verted t,000l. of it to his own life, though the same is stopped out of the Petitioners personal Pay, as appears by Mr. Fo.v's Books; and Colonel Pursed refuses to pay the Petitioners: That they cannot maintain an Action at Law

Bedford Level, on the behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of the said 210,000 Acres, being no Part of the 95,000 Acres let out for the draining the said great Level, and lying in the Towns of Ely, Little-Port, Sutton, Hadden ham, JVilburton, Coveney,

Swqsham, Reach, S>ham, IslBurned, Southerey, Dou nham, JVillingham, and Cottenham, being Part of the

South Level, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Corporation of King's Lynn have

in Ireland, where Colonel Parsedrefides, by reason the lately required the Corporation of the Fens of Bedford

Money was received by him in England, and the Proofs lie Level to remove their navigable Sass, near Frith," and in Mr. Fox his Office here: And praying the Considera- lotting in the River Owze into the old Channel there: by lion of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein. which Sass and the Sluices at Denver Dam, ami a Bank Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition 2l Miles in Length, xoo Feet wide, and Seven Feet

16 high,

8 W. III.

230 — 2 50

6ji

Army

Aricars.

high, from the said Sass to Denver Dam, the Petitioners Estates have been drained, and preserved; but, if the same should be taken away, their Estates will inevitably be drowned; and, consequently, be the Deltruction of the whole levels: And praying, That a bare Suggestion of the Corporation of Lynn, for the meliorating the Navigation thither, may not obtain Credit, to the Ruin of the Petitioners, without any Advantage to Lynn, as the Petitioners hope to prove to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Rill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of Kings Lynny in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar, against the said Bill.

A Petition of Gasper dc la Balme, Major to the Regiment of loot whereof Major de la Mehniere is Colonel, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is due to the Petitioner near 350/. for his Subsistence; which Mr. Peter Daxally Agent to the said Regiment, hath, in great Part, received; yet denies to pay the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John lldkeuelly and other Troopers, is referred.

Prisons and pretended privileged Places.

V:,

Mr. Paddington reported from the Committee appointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places, might be regulated; and to whom it w as referred to examine Mr. Tilly, and the Mar-thal of the Kir T s-Beach; and to inspefit the Books of the A lugs-Bench Pi.Ion; That they had taken teveral Examinations; which they had directed him to report to the lloul'e; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table until Monday Morning next, and be then read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven- Commit, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, »f to consider of the Bill for examining, taking, and ltating, Accou,a'-the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence from the Expiration of die present Commission; and will then proceed to a new Election of Commissioners.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, upon the Mo- Aldborouji tion made for a Warrant to be ifi'ued, for a new Writ, for Writ, the clefting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldboroitgh, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Michael ll 'entuorth, deceased, be further adjourned until Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-fuler further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, lor making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Liltleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IFMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Supply; and of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Leave of ALlVuce*

Ordered, That into the Country Occasions.

Mr. Cartwright have Leave to go for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary

Suppl" BUI; Land Tax.

agreed

Ni

Is.

L

U.

it

of fa

A*

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yesterday, upon the Clause ottered to the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by feveval Subfulks, and other Duties, payable for One Year And the Clause was read a Second time; and unto by the lloafe.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, to exempt the Children of such Parents not charged to such a Value:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up and, upon the QuctYum put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was ottered, to be added to the Bill, touching Suits depending:

And the same was read the Fivft time.

And the Question being put, that the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to exempt poor llouLkeepers, who donut pay to Church and Poor *.

And the same was twice read*, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TOlm for

Lump, 25* die Januarii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ABIL L to enable Edward Leigh Esquire, and Jane j eigv.

his Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manors of Estate. IVa.chain and Horsey, and certain Lands and Tenements, in Norfolk; and to pu rebate and settle other Lands, to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Tarrer, Sir Tho.

Mr. Serjeant IVogun, Sir Geo. Chute, Sir Cha. Windham,

Sir Fra. Mashtnn, Mr. Price, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Har-

court, Mr. Campion, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Fleming, Sir Philip Butler, Mr. Bagnold, Mr.

Air. li atlington, Mr. Serjeant Air. Ryder, Air.

Bohun, Mr. Colt, Mr. Cary, Mr. Roicney, Air. -wick, Dr. Oxendon, Sir John Turner, Mr. Brotherton,

Air. 1ilney, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Woodrofe; and all that

serve for tire Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk :And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

4

*ham:

Tellers for the Noes]V"1‘

\Alr. Bertie:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

VouX.1.

j'95-

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ashton'* to enable Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet to supply an Omission Marriage of a Limitation intended in his Marriage Settlement, for Settlement, the Benefit of Iris issue Alale, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing several former Acts for punching Puniftung Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Ala- Mutiny and jetty's Service; and for puniflring false Muftevs; and for l)ef*rllon-Payment of-Quarters; for One Year longer; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition

9*

6° JanuariL 169

King's Lynn Port.

Dilto.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Navigation froao the Town of King's Lynn to the said UniverGty is Qf finch Importance that they cannot reasonably subsist without it; and several Laws have been made for its Preservation; but the Petitioners are under great Apprehensions of losing the Benefit erf the said Navigation; which Mischiefis l'olely imputed to the Works of the Drainers iof Bedford Level: And praying. That they may be freed from the great Inconveniencies they apprehend themselves liable unto.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better preservation of the Navigation -of the Port of Lynn Regis, in the County of be

-read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-council, of the Town and Borough of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Town, and Parts adjacent, heretofore have been well Supplied with Coals, Pith, Salt, and all Sorts of foreign Merchandize, at reasonable Rates, from the Port of King's Lynn, by the Rivers and Grant, in

Vessels and Barges of great Burden; but, by reason of a Dam and Sluice, erected at Denver, crols the Owze, by the Adventurers for draining Bedford Level, the said Navigation is much prejudiced, not only by Delays in pairing through the said Sluice, but also for that the from that Sluice to Sea, is choaked up, that linall Vessels Cannot pals therein, without great Danger, Delay, and Charge; and the Navigation is very likely to be suddenly loft, if not prevented: And praying, That all Obstructions to the said Navigation may be removed, whereby their usual Trade and Commerce may be restored.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Stejjfien E he sent for in Custody

of the Serjeaot at Arms attending this House, forabfenting himself from the Service of the House.

Ordered, That Sir Isaac Relxrw be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant tit Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from the Service of the House.

Ordered, That William Elson Esquire be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from the Service of the iloufe.

Ordered, That the House be called over again upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then be excused from their Attendance, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeaot at Awns attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a ('lock.

Martis, 26* die Januarii;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ABI L L for making the River Avon, between Bath Avon

and Bristoll, navigable, was read the First time. Navigation.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight, in a full House.

Ordered, That Sir Stephen Evance, in Custody of the A Member Serjeant at Arms, for absenting himself from the Service of this House, be discharged out of Custody, paying his romcui J' Fees.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Dee make the River Dee, in the County of navigable: Navigation,

And that Sir John Alamvaring and Sir Michael do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An logrolled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Neve'* A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the for enabling Oliver Neve, of Great in the

Peace, and Grand Jury, at the Quarter-Sessions for the County of Norfolk, Esquire, to fell Two Houses in Lon-County of Huntingdon, and of other the Gentlemen, don; and for veiling other Lands, in the said County, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the said County, was pre- of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read a Second fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the time.

Corporation of King's Lynn have lately demanded the Cor- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry

poration for draining Bedford Level to take away their Hobart, Mr. Mountst Mr. Mr. Colt, Lord

navigable Sass, erected at the Hermitage near Erich, and Coningsby, Mr. White, Mr. Fuller, Sir Drake, Air. their Sluices at Denver Dam; which will deprive the Pe- H Mr. Moore, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir IVm. Hustler, tioners of the Use of the too Foot River; whereby the Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gardner, Sir Gervas Elves, Mr. Taylor, Petitioners Towns and Countries have a far quicker and Sir John Turner, Mr. Manly, Mr. Mr.

more certain Navigation than before the Draining, to the lington, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Evance, Mr.

great Advancement of Trade and Commerce: Anti pray- lington, Sir , Mr. Sanford, Mr. Farrer,

ing. That the said navigable Sass and Sluices may be Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Tho. Roberts,

continued; and thereby the Navigation of the said too Mr. Stone house, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Bio'rard, Mr,

Foot River will be preserved. Morgan, Mr. Price, Mr. Sherrard, Sir John Phillips, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Su'ijt, Mr. Tilney, Mr.; and all the Members

until the Bill for the better preservation of the Naviga- thatfervefor Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet tion of die Port of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's be read a Second time. Chamber.

Avon Mr. Freke, according to Order, presented to the House

Navigation, a Bill for making the River Avon navigable: And the same was received.

Call of the The House was, according to the Order of the Day, House called over:

And such as made Default to appear were noted down: And the Abl'enoe of some were excused, upon Account of Sickness, and urgent Occasions: And others were not excused; viz. William Haward Esquire, Sir Stephen Evance, Sir Isaac Reborv, and William Elson Esquire.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Howard Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Joseph Williamson, according to Order, presented to Hiip* the House a Bill for re-vest'ing the Sinecure of Sinecure,

in the County of Montgomery, in John Spademan, in Trull for Joseph Hill: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Pris,nSM(| pointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended pretended privileged Places, might be regulated, which privileged lies on the Table, be read Tomorrow Morning. ^luces'

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to inters of whom the Petition of the Merchants of London, relating Marque to Letters of Marque, was referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next.-

A Petition

8 W. III.

2 6° Jamarii.

ff

d fa k&

p03

the

.ice

i tr&c

'Lb

Cult

i,|f: h

An-

h

.vd

1:511

Lord , Mr. k 4r, hd-/fo

m"

krt'-,

\ Mr.

,t, Hr,

iiite nceet nisei i

‘fdto E

4*

fruit

e api-

U'.A':1

M;

14

if

King's Lynn Von.

A Petition of the Maj'or, Aldermen, and Common-Council, and principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Thetjord, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by means of the great River Ozcze, and the navigable Rivers of Brandon mid Thetjord, a constant Commerce hath been maintained between Thetjord, and the several Towns adjacent, and the Port of Kings Lynn;. from whence they have been supplied with all Sorts of Merchandize, and made Returns of their Corn and Grain, in Barges, and other Vessels of good Burden; but, by reason of a Dam let down cross the River Ozrze, near Denver, by the Adventurers for draining

Bedford Level, below the Mouth of the said Rivers of Brandon and Thetjord, the Stream is so flopped, and the Rivers so silted, that the smallest Vessels cannot pads without great Delay and Danger; and the whole Navigation is in great Danger of being loft: And praying, That the said Dam and Sluice may be removed, as the only Means to restore and preserve the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be read a- Second time.

Ditto, A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in

the South Level or Division of the Fens, called Bedford Level, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Adventurers for draining the said Level of the Fens, in Consideration of large Shares allotted to them, did oblige themselves to drain the said Level, without Prejudice to Navigation in the Rivers of Ozrze, Grant, Milder, hall, Brandon and Si oak; but the said Act-

venturers have erected a Dam and Sluice cross the Ozrze, ok Denver, below the Mouths of all the said Rivers; which bath lb weakened their Streams, that they are all silted, ond the Navigation much prejudiced, and the Petitioners Lands lie drowned most Part of the Year; and very little Improvement is made, unless in those Lands purchased by particular Members of the Adventurers: That the . Petitioners have made several Complaints to the said Act venturers; but can have no Relief, nor Appeal from them, in regard they are, by Act of Parliament, appointed Commissioners of Sewers for governing the said Level, and the W orks thereof, exclusive of all others: And praying, That other Persons, having Lands in the said Level, may, according to their" Proportions, be joined with the said Adventurers for governing the said Level.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of be read a Second time.

Courtney's A Petition of Thomas Tat ton Gentleman was presented

Mate. jq jjg j-]ot,fC) an(j rea(j setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, and committed, for enabling Trustees to fell the Estate of Humphry Courtney, late of Tret neere, in the County of El'quire, deceased,

for Payment of his Debts: That the said Humphry Courtney was indebted to the Petitioner, at the time of his Death, 150/. upon Bond: And praying, That the Consideration of his Petition may be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Irish Arrears. A Petition of Francis and John MarvJoU, Sons and Heirs of James Marvej'oil, late Captain Reformade in Colonel Be/cast/e'sRegiment of Foot, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That there is above 100l. due to the Petitioners, for their Father's Arrears, which Mr. Teudcheuje, Agent to the said Regiment, hath received; yet denies to pay the Petitioners; who are not able to prosecute at Law for the Recovery thereof: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition Vot. XI.

lie referred to the Committee, lo whom the Petition of John Hakewell, and other Troopers, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Preservation of the King's Lynn Navigation of the Port of King's Lynn, in the County Port, of Norfolk, be read a Second time uponThursday Morning next: And that the Counsel for and against the said Bill be then heard, at the Bar of this House.

An ingossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, Supply Bill; as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, apd other Land Tax. Duties, payable for One Year, was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider That the Act shall not extend to charge uncovered Houfos:

And the same w*as thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to lie made Part of the Bill.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider,

That all hammered Money shall lie current, after a certain time, at 5s. 2d. per Ounce, in all Payments:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Ridel*,

That it shall be Felony to counterfeit the Exchequer- Bill^ of Credit:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Officer of the Excile shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner for the said Act:

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yea J?r

'[Sir Lhartes Turner:

Tellers for the Noe J*r f

[Mr. Shackerlcy:

So it passed in the Negative.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, touching Qualifications for Members in Parliament:

And the Question being put. That the Clause b£ received:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yes, jgg*

Tellers for the Noes, j '|r'

[Mr. A orris:

So it passed in the Negative.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}i3

J 135.

j 163-

Tellers for the Yeas,

f Sir

'{Mr. A

'enry Colt,

ATorris:

TcUersforareN-,{"'« So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

138.

3»‘

Ordered, That the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Mitchell Privileges and Elections, touching the Eltftion for the ElectI0U-Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, be made upon Friday Morning next.

8 I Ordered,

Tavistock

Election.

Committees.

A Member

discharged

fromCustody

African

Company.

Stockley's

Estate.

Hanbam's

Estate.

Russia

Company.

26° — 27*

A \ 1696.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Hewn, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 27° Tamtam;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

others therein named, by the Name of Merchants Adventurers, for Disco very of Lands, Territories, and I ties, yet unknown: With Power to choose and elect Governors, Consuls, and Assistants, to have perpetual Succession; to purchase Lands, of 661. 13 s. That they may sue, and be sued, as a Corporation: That the Governors, Consuls, and Assistants, may make By-Laws, for the better Government of the Company; and also to admit into the Fellowship, to be free of the fame, such and so many Persons as to them shall be thought meet; and that every such Person shall be free of the fame: That theyjnay impose MulCls, and punish Offenders; that they may appoint Officers, to be called Serjeants, to levy MulCts and Penalties; and to punish Offenders: and to imprison such Offenders, and seize their Goods: The

Prayers.

/~\RDERED, That Sir Isaac Rebow, in Custody of the Company tnay issue Precepts to Mayors, <S;c. to arrest Serjeant at Arms, for absenting himselt Irom the and seize within their Limits; and that no Mayor, He. Service of the House, be dil'charged out of Custody, pay- shall be prosecuted for putting such Precepts in Execu

hio i.! . 'PI iL!l - 1, 11 1)1,. _ 1 — . 1.

ing his Fees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa; and nothing to intervene.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Sale of Lands late of Jtojfry Stock/ey, in the County of Chester, deceased, for

Payment of his Debts; and for making Provision for Mary Stockly, his Daughter, an Infant; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Sale of Lands late of Jeffry Stockly, in the County of Chest, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for making Provision for Mary his Daughter.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manors of Holme, alias East-Ilolme, and

tion: They may fail into all Places, not already known, to make Discoveries, and subdue, conquer, and settle, in such Places. The Edward Bon being lately entertained, and admitted to trade by the Emperor of Russia; therefore grants to the said Fellowship, all the main Lands, Isles, Ports, Havens, Creeks, and Rivers, of the said Emperor, and of any other Emperor, before the said late Discoveries unknow n, lying N. N. E. and N. W. from the City of London, shall not be frequented by any but the Fellowship, or without their Licence, upon Pain of Forfeiture of Ship and Goods; a Moiety to the King, a Moiety to the Fellowship; with l'undry other Powers.

The Company also produced an Act of Parliament, made in the 8th Year of Queen Elizabeth; reciting the said Charter, and the said Discoveries; and that several Merchants, not of the Fellowthip, had, by the Estima-tion of those new-discovered Commodities, traded in them, in Contempt of the Charter: Therefore the Act confirms the said Charter; and establishes the said Fellow-ship, by the Name of the Fellowiliip of English Merchants, for Discovery of new Trades; adding to the Ex-

Suannage, in the County of Dorset, Part of the Estate of tent of their Charter, Armenia, Media, and the

Sir John Hanham Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for Caspian Sea: And therein is a Proviso, That when the discharging a Mortgage thereupon, and upon the Residue said Fellowship shall refrain t rad in g to // rchanged for Three of the said Sir John Hanham sEstate; and for Payment Years, then any others may trade to the of his other Debts; was read a Second time. The Committee heard, as well the Petitioners, as the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cot- Russia Company, by their Counsel.

ton, Mr. Focklington, Mr. Broiherton, Mr. Heccningham, The Counsel for "the Petitioners insisted, That this

Serjeant Bond, Serjeant Coward, Lord Ashley, Mr. Brao- Charter was granted to gratify forne Persons who had, of er, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Ashly, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Ful- their own Accord, lent out a Vessel, to discover new ler, Mr. White, Mr. BagnoUl, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Countries: That, 'tis of that Extent, it includes all the Aislaby, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir John Smith, Sir Cha. Ho- World unknown at that time, lying Northward, North-tharn, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Colt, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Eastward, and North-Westward," from London: That the Mounson, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Foley, Company have made no Improvement of the Discoveries; Mr. Maxcdit, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Carey, having never found out, or traded, to any Place butRus.sia,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Travers, Mr. Bennet, Mr Morgan, which was discovered before, and mentioned in the Char- Mr. Arnold; and all that serve for the Counties of Dor- ter: That they are not a joint Stock; And the Petitioners are willing to come in, as they do in the Eastland Company; which was opened by Act of Parliament, in the 2,y Car. II*//; where they pay but 40 and this Company requires very great Fines:

That they are willing to fubinit to their By-Laws, and Russia Company was referred, That they had examined contribute to their Charge; but the Company have made the Matter of the said Petition; and had heard the Pe- an Order, That none shall be admitted into the Company, titioners, and the Company, and their Counsel; and come but who have served their Apprenticeship to One of ti.e to several Resolutions; which they had dircCicd him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: M here the same were read; and are as follow;

set and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Moor reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of London, relating to the

tv:

That the Committee funnnoned the Russia Company to appear, and produce their Charter.

They appeared, and produced their Charter, under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the 2(3 in

the iff and 2d Year of Philip and: Reciting, That the Marquis of Winchester, and others therein named, had, at their own Adventure, fitted out Ships, for making new Discoveries, where other Christian Princes had never traded; therefore incorporated the said Marquis, and

Company: The Dutch, by this means, have got the Trade, and import great Quantities of Naval Stores, and fend our Cloths thither, which we might fend.

And they produced several Witnesses, to prove these Matters:

Mr. Keysersaid, He was at Archangell in the Year

16S6, where the Company had but Five or Six Vessels; and the Dutch had Thirty: They bring great Quantities of Hemp from thence.

Mr. DaxCson said. He knows an English Merchant had an Offer from Archangell of Masts, from 18 to 24 Palms; but lbme Dutch Merchants have now a Contract with the Muscovites, for all the Masts at

Mr.

8 W. III.

2 70 Januarii.

675

Mr. Samuel IJeathcotl: That Foreigners, Dutch and llamburghers, do carry great Quantities of our Woollen Manufacture to Russia; anti also of our Plantation-Commodities, particularly Indico: That the Muscovites have no Ships of their own: Believes the opening the Trade would fell twice the Quantity of Woollen Manufacture, were more lent: That there are not above a Dozen or Fourteen Traders of the Company: That the Company makes them pay One per Cent. for the Commodities they import from Narve, for Licence to trade thither; but will give no Licence to trade to Archangcll.

Mr. Gould: That he has paid 50 or do/, per Ann. to the Company, for Licence to trade to the Narve; butnever could obtain a Licence to trade to Archangcll: They have relufed to admit him free of the Company, although his Father was free of it: Believes, if the Trade were open, it would expend Three times as much of our Woollen Manufactures, as well as in Commodities from the Plantations; for they fend great Quantities of Tobacco to the Narve; which is prohibited in Muscovy: That they can import from Archangel/, great Malts and Plank; and from the Narve linall Malts, Hemp, Flax, Plants, and Spars:

That the Impofilion for Licences to the Narve pays the w hole Charge of the Company.

Mr. Jos, Marlin: That the Trade at the Narve has much increased since Persons were permitted to trade thither by Licence: That the Swedish Woods, where we ere now turnitlied with large Malts, do decay; and large Malts may be had at Archangcll; from w hence he could, and would, import them.

Mr. Phclp laid, That fmee they were permitted to trade to the Narve, there have arrived from 2 Ships to 20 in a Year.

The Couufel for the Russia Company infilled, That they Lad traded under this Charter, and Act of Parliament, almost 150 \ ears: That they have supported the Trade at very great Expence; and do drive the Trade very fully, by exporting more Commodities than can be vended abroad, and importing more than they can fell here.

Mr. Sands fa id, The Company lends out more Goods than they can fell abroad: That they are at great Fx-pences abroad to support the Trade: The lait Year it colt 200l. to treat the Emperor: That they sent the Ship called the Abraham, about Four Years since, for Malts; but could get none, some Dutch Merchants having got a Contract with the Muscovites for all the Malts:

That there is an Order of the Company, to admit none into the Freedom of the Company, but those who have served their Time to some of the Members of the Company; but yet, for 60/. Fine, they do admit Persons into the Freedom of the Company.

Mr. Wolfiaid, That, upon the Murderof King Charles the First, the Emperor would not suffer an Englishmen to come up to Mosco: That it has been very expensive to the Company to settle a Correspondence there:

That they do carry Woollen Goods, and Indico, and trust for One or Two Years; yet cannot vend what they carryout: The Company have now' 20,000l. in Russia Goods on their Hands, which they cannot fell:

That they fend only damaged Goods from Hamburgh; and the Company trade in Taylors Shreds, and in Rags: That they import Plank for the King; but some Dutch Merchants have contracted with the Emperor for all the Masts: That he endeavoured to get the Farm; but was out-bribed by the Dutch: Says, That he did at one time ingross all the Pot-afties.

Mr. Thorokl said, He has traded thither for many Years; and that they drive that Trade fully.

Captain Davison said, There are great Quantities of Goods left in Russia unfold: That Masts are as dear at Archangcll as at London; by reason the Dutch have in-grofled them, and carry great Quantities of Masts from thence.

of our F!c t Homewards, was ot

the Cargo

every

greater

they arc so dear to us, that by that means we cannot fell them here.

Mr. Scott said, That Year, both Outwards and Value than the Dutch.

Captain Martin said, That he had been twice at Archangcll, in the Month of September, which is the chief Market; and has not observed any great Trade, but much Goods left unfold.

Whereupon, and upon Consideration of what had been offered on both Sides, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it will be advantageous to the Trade of this Kinged # O

dom, That all Merchants be admitted into the Russia Company, upon rcalonable Terms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Terms be the same upon which Merchants are now admitted into the Hamburglr&tid Eastland Companies.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Moor, Sir William St, Quintii/, and Mr. Thompson, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Order for the adjourned Debate, upon the Mo- Aldborou^h tion made fora Warrant for a new' Writ, for theelecting Writ, a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of A/dborough, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Michael Wentworth Baronet, deceased, being read;

A Motion w as made, and the Question was put, That the said Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning:

And it pallid in the Negative.

The Debate was reliimed;

And a Motion being made, and the Question bring put, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborou % h, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Michael Wentworth, deceased;

The House divided.

The Nqcs go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,(S' TVm Strickla

[Mr. Ogle:

Tellers for the Noes, ^doors'

101.

142.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That, during the Session of Parliament, no Warrant for a new Writ do issue, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Aldborough, in the room of Sir -

worth Baronet, deceased.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That prisons fln(j the Ol der of the Day, for the Report from the Committee pretended appointed to consider how the Abuses of Prisons, and pre- privileged tended privileged Places, might be regulated, be read;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Places.

Tellers for the Yeas lSir Henr9 letters rortne r eas,jSjr m

Tellers for the Nocs, Jams

152-

107.

Mr. B

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Report was read; and is as followed);

That the Marfltal of the King and Mr. Tilly,

being in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, were, by Order, brought before the Committee:

And the Marfltal being asked, why he made light of

Mr. Styles said, The Dutch contraCl with the Emperor Mr. saying, He would complain to the Parlia-

ef Russia for all the Masts; so that, when we bring Malls ment, because one Butler, who ought to be his Prisoner, Vol. XI. ° was

Prisons and pretended privileged Places.

676

was not in Custody? he answeaed, That Butler was Briggs Prisoncv, and never turned b'ver; but was 25 Miles off; and Mr. Onslmo would have him fetched in that Night, or threatened to complainupon which the Marshal said, Sir, you may use your Pleasure, or to that Effect, as he believes: And that, if he has offended therein, he did it in Passion; and begged Pardon.

Mr. Tilly desiring further time to atrfwer the said Report;

The Committee proceeded to take further Informations.

Mr. Mason: That he was concerned, as a Solicitor, for Mr. Tilly, in both Houses, about patting the Bill to enable Bromhall, un Infant, to fell the Prison; and

that the Informant received between 30 and 401, for his Care and Pains therein: But knows nothing, directly or indirectly, of giving any Money, or other Gratuity, to any Member of Parliament, or otherwise, for passing that Bill; nor did Mr. Tilly ever give any Money, or Gratuity, to any Member, to obstruct the Bill for preventing Escapes, that the Informant knows of, or believes: but Tilly did opposethe patting of that Bill, as it was his Ipterest so to do; and the Informant was then, as he now is, concerned for Mr. Tilly, as his Solicitor: That one Richardson petitioned the House of Lords again!! Patting of Bromhall's

O O

Bill; and Mr. Tilly gave him a Bond of .500l. to withdraw His Petition; and thereupon got the Bill to pass there: But Tilly preferred a Bill in Chancery, and set the Bond attde; because Richardson petitioned m others Names, without their Authority.

Mr. Fanshaw: That he was acquainted with Mr. long before the Patting of Bromhall's Bill; and spoketo several Members of both Houses therein: But knows not, that any Money was given to promote the patting of that Bill: And that he vvas named a Trustee, at the In-dance of Mr. Tilly; but knows not who are the red; nor does he know the Infant, or his Family.

Mr. Tilly said, lie believes there was no great Proceedings before the Committee, touching the Bill of Escapes; but never gave any Money, or other Gratuity, to any Person, except the common Fees, and discretionary Money to Solicitors: And denies he ever gave any Entertainment to any Member of the House of Commons, upon the passing Bromhall's Bill, or to hinder the Bill of Escapes.

Mrs. Hancock confirmed what the said in the former Report; and that Tilly said it l'everal times at her Lodgings, at the Golden Key in Fleet Street, and at her House in Red-lyon-street: And that Mr. Gilbert also heard him.

Mr. Gilbert: That Mr. Tilly has often laid, He did not fear any thing in the House of Commons, as long as he had Money; for that they would take Money, to his Knowledge: And has often heard talk to that Purpose: And knows there was a great Intimacy between Mr. Tilly and Mrs. Hancock.

Mr. Tilly, inAnfw er to Mrs. Hancock and Mr. Gilbert's Information, laid, 'Tis highly reasonable to imagine, That no Man in his Senses would ever have used such Exprcf-lions as they lay to his Charge; and, more especially, when Mrs. Hancock, of her ownlhewing, fays, She was diibbliged, about Two Years ago, concerning a Debt due from Guy to Gilbert, when the Parliament was fitting; who would then as Purely have punished the Informant as now; and then it would have looked with less Malice; yet did not complain: That Gilbert fays, the Discourse with him was as he and the Informant travelled to Cambridge, which is about Four Years ago; so that he and Mrs. Hancock much differ in point of Time: And, taking the Iteafon of the Thing, he hopes their Evidence will not be credited; Mrs. Hancock being a Woman of an ill Reputation, and Gilbert her Gallant: And denied the whole Story in general: And laid, lie never was at her Lodgings in Fleet-sired; but has several times dined at her House in Red-lyon-street; where the uled to cully young Gentlemen: But, upon recollecting his Memory, laid, He believes he was once with her at her Lodgings in Fleet-street.

Durston, a Parson, said, He is a Prisoner in the Fleet j and that, about Two Years since, he met Mrs. Hancock

1696.

thereabouts, who dettred the Doctor to inquire, if Francis Guy w'a9 in the Fleet;and he did inquire, and was told.

He was not; of which lie told Mrs. Hancock; who thanked him for his Trouble, but believed it a damned Lye: And llie went into the Room where Mr. Tilly was. and demanded of him a Debt, owing by Guy; but Tilhj laid,

He would no! pay k; bidding her be gone, for an impudent Jilt: LTpon which, die went away in a great Heat, uling feumtous Language; and saying, She would bring him before the Iloule of Commons, and would not leave him worth a Pair of Shoes.

Mrs. Hancock ow ned, what the Doctor said was Truth; but believes, It is the First he ever told in his Life.

Hobson and Maddox aflirmed to Face what

they laid in the former Report, touching his carrying tfor 3001, to a Committee.

And Hobson laid, Duncomb was then, and now is, 77/-lye's Servant; and gave him 350/. for aTipftatPs Place: Which Tilley owned.

Duncomb denied it potttively; and said, He is no Servant of Mr. Tdlye's; but agreed with him, and paid him 350 I. for his Place; but the Articles are between Mr. Church and the Informant.

Thomas Jepson said, That he being lately informed One of the Tipstaffs accused the other of carry ing Money to a Committee of the left Parliament; and asking Dun-comb about it; he said, That complained of his

having distributed 300l. To which the Informant answered, it may be so: And Duncomb replied, I am going into the Country a (hooting.

Mr. Ruck ley: That, on the 30th of De-

cember last, being at the Fleet with Mr. Jepson, Mr.

Church, the W arden, told the Informant, That the Marshal and Deputy-Marshal of the King's-Ban k were taken into Custody; and diat Tilly was cnc up to the Committee, with an aching Heart; and, Duncomb coming into the Room where they were talking, the Informant asked Duncomb, If there w as any thing in the Report of his distributing Money to a Committee? And anttvered,

He would take his Gun, and go into the Country.

Charles Herbert Esquire, a Justice of Peace: That, on Sunday after Christ mas-day.he happened to be at the

Cross-KeysYwcrn, uear.V/. Clement's C hurch, whereDtf »-comb and others were lilting by the Kitchen Fire, and talking about Duncomb's carrying Money to a Committee: Whereupon, the Informant asked him, if he would not give an Account of that Matter to this Committee: And he laid, No, he was not such a Fool: And the Informant telling him, He would then be laid by the Heels; Duncomb answered, If he was, he would live well, or otherwise somebody else llvni'd live ill; or to that effect.

Duncomb denied this Matter; and desired, That one Hatton and BricUancl, then in his Company, might be examined, if they heard any such Discourse:

Who, being summoned; Ilatton said, He was in Dun-comb's Company at the time aforesaid; and telling him If he was guilty of carrying Money to a Committee, he ought to be punished for it; and a Gentleman, whom he lupposes to be Mr. Herbert, saying, He had heft tell the Truth; Duncomb said, lie knew nothing of the Matter; and that, before he would betray his Matter, he would lie by it; but it would be worse for some People if he was confined.

Bricklandsaid. He heard something of the Discourse, but fell alleep before it was over.

Francis Gery :That TiCustom is, to draw Affidavits, and then call Duncomb, and alk him, If he could swear to it? Who would anfucr, Yes, and as much more.

As to the repeating Clock, mentioned in the said Report:

IJubson believes, It was made by one a Quaker.

Yarrett said, That, about Two Years ago, he was a W aiter to the Fleet; and, by Mr. Tillye's Order, he carried a repeating Clock from the to Mr. Holland's House, and delivered it to them just as they were taking Coach; and they carried it away; but whither, he knows not

18 John

a 70 Januarii.

8 W. III. 37° Januarii. 677

John Holland agreed, 'that aW aiter of the Fleet brought a Clock, as he and Tilly were going into a Coach; but cannot remember the Waiter's Name, though he knows them all: That Mr. Tilly set the Informant down about York Buildings; and said, He was going further with the Clock about private Business; but did not say whither he was going, or what he was to do with the Clock; nor did the Informant ever hear what became of it: This was about a Year and Half since, as he remembers; but thinks it was during the Sitting of the Parliament.

Quare said, He did not know Mr. Tilly, and never sold any such Clock, or ever had any Dealings with any Person belonging to the Fleet, as he remembers; nor does any such Matter appear by his Books.

Mr. Fran. Gery: That, in May 1695, Mr. Tilly, Mr. Church, Mr. Harrison, and Mr. Francis Guy, to encourage the Informant to have the Fleet, told him, There were 2,000 Prisoners, who gave Securities, and paid Chamber-rent, which would bring in twice the Money the Informant was to pay for his Kent, being 1,500l.

Ann. and 1,000l. Fine; and upon these Encouragement# he hired the Fleet; but, when they turned over the Gaol to the Informant, there were but 68 on the Master's Side, and 28 on the Common Side, turned over to him; and asking the Reason, Why so few were turned over? Mr. Church told him, That Mr. reserved the rest for himself: And Tilley accordingly, by Holland, gathered the Money from the Prisoners, and sent for them in, to defraud the Informant; who told Tilly, That he had an ill Character of Holland, as that he cut the Earl oi Essex's Throat, and broke open a House in Lime-street; and therefore he was not fit to be a Receiver: Whereupon Tilly said, He would be Holland's Security; but yet Tilly neglected to be so, and continued Holland his Receiver; who paid the Money to Tilly, and Gery could get but little of it:

That he met Mr. Grindall, Clerk of the Warrants, who

had a Paper in his Hand, and said, He was going to gather Money of the Prisoners, in order to stop a Bill that was passing, last Parliament, against the Interest of the Fleet.

Mr. Grindall said, He never collected any Money in order to hinder any Bill in Parliament; but did collect of the Prisoners about 12/. in order to pass a late Bill for Relief of poor Prisoners; and, particularly, received Two Guineas of Mr. Rossington, a Prisoner in Execution, for that Purpose.

Mr. Francis Guy: That Gery agreed to pay77//y 1,500 /. per Ann. Rent, to be Warden; and entered into Deeds for that Purpose; but the Informant know s not the Contents thereof: And says, He has no Office or Employment in the Fleet; but has solicited for Mr. Tilly in his ordinary Affairs; and is a servant to my Lord Mountague.

Mr. Braddon said, That, of late, 'tis the Practice of

the Warden and Marshal, not to enter the Security-Bonds in a Book, but to keep them privately.

Mr. Church, the Warden: That he pays 1,500l. per Ann. Rent to Mr. Tilly, for the Office of the Fleet; who has the Inheritance in him; and the Rent was to be paid monthly, in proportion; but Mr. Tilly has all along received it for his own Security, and was to account to the

100 Guineas to surrender the Body of James Fade, who prisons and had made his Escape, into the Mint, from a Serjeant of pretended Wood-street Compter, for above 9,000l. Action# charged privileged against him there: And, about Two Hours after such Agreement, Blower brought Faand surrendered him up to his Creditors, and received no/. for his Reward; and entered into Bond of 500 /. Penalty, that if Fade should turn himself over to the Fleet or King's Bench Prisons, he should be kept a close Prisoner: And the Informant said. He kuew that Fade had then enough to pay his Debts.

Mr. John Taylor said, That Mr. Fade afterwards removed himself by Habeas Corpus from the Compter to the Fleet; upon which the Informant went to Mr. Tilly, and acquainted him, That such a Prisoner was like to come under his Care, who had before made his Escape from the Officer, and threatened to make another for Holland;

Whereupon, Mr. Tilly wrote to Mr. Church, not to let Fade go abroad without giving good Security: And Mr.

Church said, He would take care of him, but had not yet got him in his Custody: And the Informant has since been several times at the Fleet, to inquire for him; and the Officers say, He is not there; and it's reported, That Fade is now again in the Mint.

Mr. Church said, That Mr. Tilly told him, He had given Fade Leave to go abroad with a Waiter, since Tilly was in Custody; saying, He never had a Peny of Fade's Money.

That he has been admitted Warden for about a Year and Half; but never took upon him the sole Power of acting till the 4th Instant; and Mr. received the Profits of the Fleet Prison, which, One Year with another, may amount to about 2,200l. per Annum; but the last Year, he thinks, it did not amount to above 1,800l.:

And believes, There may be about 300 Prisoners out at large; and that 200l. per Ann. may be made for Liberty; and he never received Money but as he had Occasion for it; and then Mr. Tilly would let him have 5/.; but never received above at a time.

Mr. Holland said, That he did collect the Profits of the Fleet Prison, and did account for the same to Mr.

Church; but does not remember, That he ever paid any considerable Sum to Mr. Church; but has, by his Order, paid to Mr. Tilly sometimes 100l. a Month, and another Month perhaps not 20/.

Mr. Row said, That, about Two Years ago, he was concerned with one Mr. Barkstead, w ho was a Prisoner in the King's Bench, in Execution for above 10,000l., who desired the Informant to make haste with some Writings he had to settle; for that Barkstead thought he should agree with the Marshal for Liberty to transport himself to Pensilvania:but, that the Marshal demanding 500l.

which he thinking too great a Sum, removed himself to the Fleet, and agreed with Mr. Tilly, as Barkstead said it was, in Rowe's Presence, for 5 ol.and offered to go to the Buoy in the Nore, and see Barkstead on Ship-board, before he received the Money; and Barkstead is now in Pensilvania; and the 50/. was paid accordingly by one Mr. Goden; but the Informant does not know Mr. Tilly.

Mr. Tilly said, That he never received any Money

whatsoever on Barkstead's Account; but believes, Mr.

Informant for a Moiety of the Profits, after the Rent paid, in Consideration of a Fine of 5 paid on sealing Articles, which he believes Holland has; but the Informant has no Counter-part of them.

John Holland produced a Copy of the Articles made between Church and Tilly:And believes, There was other private Articles between them; but knows not where they are.

Mr. Recorder of London said, That he lately bound Mr. Church over, to answer an Information of Perjury, for swearing a Man a Prisoner, in order to his Discharge, pursuant to a late Act of Parliament for Relief of poor Prisoners, when he was not actually in Prison.

Mr. John Reynolds said. That on the -26th Day of December last, he was in Company with Mr. Holker, Mr. Home, and Mr. Blower Deputy-Marshal of the King's Bench; where it was agreed, That Blower should have Vox,. XI.

Fox was his Friend, and contracted with him: And that Mr. Hobson superseded all his Actions; and Sir Thomas Estcourt, at whose Suit only he was in Execution, did discharge him.

Thomas Blampin, then Porter of the Fleet, said, That Mr. Fox let Barkstead out, without s Knowledge.

Hobson believes, He did supersede many of s

Actions; and that it was Mr. that let him go.

The Committee, being informed, that one Philemon Coddan, of Bristoll, Gentleman, who was a Prisoner in the King's 'Bench, at his Majesty's Suit, had his Liberty; and that he had given Security to Mr. Briggs the then Marshal, for his true Imprisonment; which Security was in Mr. Farrington's Custody; ordered the Security to be brought before the Committee: And, accordingly,

Mr. Watts delivered a Bond, with Sureties, for Coddan's

8 K true

Prisons and pretended privileged PUcei.

678 vfjm

true Imprisonment; and q Warrant of Atto^ey, to confess a Judgment for 2,000l. in case an Action of Escape should be brought against die Marshal.

Mr. WatU 'That Farrington and Briggs took Bonds,

for Chamber-Rent, sometimes in the Informant's Name; and sometimes in young Farringtons Name: And that he has sued Hundreds of Bonds for Farrington and Briggs.

Robert Markham: That he receives Out-Rents for Mr. Briggs, and has so done ever since 1692, and pays them to Mr. Farrington, by Mr. Briggs' Order; and that, in 1693, he received 276/. 16$.; in 1694, 828/. 25.; in 1695, 922/. 12$.; and, for Six Months of this Year, but 168/. 4$. as appears by his Books: These Out-Rents are paid by Prisoners at large.

Mr. Francis Gery said, That there being a Warrant granted for apprehending White, mentioned in the former Report, for Clipping and Coining; and a Report, That there was another Warrant put against Tilly; Tilly, duripg that Report, lay at Holland's House, in Covent-garden, and at Somerset-house: And Mr. Mason, his Solicitor, said, He believed that would ruin himself ]by keeping such Company as White.

Mr. Hobson: That, several times, he has heard Mr. Tilly, when he has had Occasion to change a Guinea, call to White to change it; but bid him not give him any of his own making: And when has been to receive Money, he would say, Call White, for he knew Money very well, and could make it: And Mr. Tilly told the Informant, He had a Kindness for him; and advised him not to keep White company, for he would certainly be hanged; but it lay in his Power to save him: And believes, Mr. Grindall has heard Tilly say so: And says, he has spoke of this several times; and that Would have had it under the Informant's Hand, That he never heard him say any such thing.

Mr- Recorder: That he was at I Flutes Tryal at the Ql(l-Baily;and knew him before, having had several Informations against him for Clipping and Coining; whereof it appeared he was very guilty: The Evidence against him were Mr. Stroud, and Daniel Ware a Smith: That Mr. Stroud gave Evidence, That he met White, oq Ludgate Hill, who put several false Guineas into Stroud's Hand, which he produced at the Tryal: And White said, He had been very intimate with Stroud; who had given White Notice, That a Deed, wherein some great Persons were concerned, had been obtained irregularly, of which Stroud could give an Account; and White, having discovered that Matter, was, for that Reason, prosecuted:

That he attended the Lords Justices, and acquainted them, That he conceived White could make great Discovery of Clippers and Coiners; and might do good Service, if his former Crimes could be forgotten: And they ordered him to tell White, That Favour was intended him, if he would confess; but the Informant could not get any thing out of him, though he was then reprieved.

Mr. Holland: That While was a Prisoner in the Fleet, and supposed to be a Clipper and Coiner; but never heard that he used that Trade in the Fleet: That there being a Report, That a Warrant was out against Mr. Tilly, for Clipping and Coining, about the time when there was a Warrant granted against White, Mr. Tilly did keep from the Fleet, for fear of the Warrant, as

land believes, and lay at the Informant's House; but many People came to him there daily, about Business concerning the Fleet; and sometimes Mr. Tilly would go over the Water to Bowls.

Mr. Tilly said to this, That it is true, he lay at

land's House; but did not abscond; and all Sorts of People came daily to him there: And knew not, nor believes, there was any such Warrant out against him.

Mrs. Hancock being asked what Discourse passed betwixt her and Holland concerning ? She said, He represented Tilly as black as the Devil; and that he would furnish her with Evidence to do his Business.

Doctor Ncxcton, Warden of the Mint: That he was told by Mr. Evans, That White could make a great Discovery of Clippers and Coiper^: Whereupon, the 20

uarii. J.1696.

Informant went to Neagate, to take White's Examination; but he was obstinate then; saying, He was convicted by the Malice of Witnesses; but afterwards he gave an Account of several; Chapman, Hunter, Russell, Pritchard, Char nock, Jones, Ware, Emery, S(/uire, Maud, Wynn, Mrs. Hunt, and Douglass; and also several others, that were Changers of Money; that Hunter, Russell, and Chapman >vere at work in the Country, with several Dyes, which Hunter stole out of the Toner; being a Servant there: And that White said>

He would trepan them, if he could but go into the Country; but that was not permitted: That he arid Stroud wrought together, and coined Copper Guineas, in the Fleet; and Stroud put them off:

That the Informant did give a Certificate to the Lord Mountague, setting forth several Discoveries made by White: But did not therein say, That he does, or does not, merit a Pardon.

To the whole Matter, in general, Mr. answered; That all the Witnesses against him are prejudiced Persons, and are in Confederacy to prove a Forfeiture, in order to get the Office of the Fleet: That Hobson was to be Clerk of the Papers, if the Contrivance took Effect; being turned out of that Employment by; and what he says as to the repeating Clock, it is only Hearsay; and his carrying a Clock in the Coach is no sufficient Evidence of his giving it to any Member of Parliament: Nor does he remember he ever had any such Clock:

That Holland is also a prejudiced Person, and would tell any tiling, if lie could, to Tilly's Prejudice; he being also turned out of his Employment at the Fleet, as a Receiver:

That he might suspect Whit to be a Clipper and Coiner, as many others did; but never supposed he practised it in the Fleet; nor was he any ways, directly or indirectly, privy to it: But Hobson was as great with White as any body; and therefore advised him to have a care of him:

That it's a long time since these Matters were transacted 5 and might insist upon the Act of Indemnity; but will not, know ing his own Innocency.

To prove the Confederacy;

Mr. Curtis: That, about Six Weeks ago, he met Colonel Layton, who said, He heard the Informant was treating with Tilly, about taking a Lease of the; and the Informant saying, He was, and that he was to pay 1,000l. Fine, and 1,500l. per Annum Rent; the Colonel said, lie had a grant from the King, and a better Tide to the Fleet than Tilly, and would make him an

easier Bargain; and proposed, That the Informant should advance 1,000l. and have Half the Profits of the Fleet, without paying any Rent; but must immediately pay down 50/. in order to prosecute the Matter against Tilly, in Parliament; and tendered Articles; but knows not what they were; and believes Mr. drew them:

And that Mr. Brunskill and Mrs. Hancock were present at the Proposal, and encouraged the Informant to pay down the 50/.

Mr. Brunskill said, He did draw some Heads for Articles, between Colonel Layton and Mr Curtis; and Mr. Curtis was to pay down 50/. to prosecute the Dispute between the Colonel and touching a Forfeiture of the Fleet; and the rest of the said 1,000l. was to be put into the Hands of some eminent Goldsmith, to be paid to the Colonel when Curtis should be put into the Possession of the Fleet, as Warden: But nothing more was done therein; the Colpncl declaring, He would have nothing to do with Mr. Curtis.

Mr. Robinson; That, about Six Weeks ago, he was sent for to the Golden-lyon Tavern, at Charing Cross, where was Mr. Leonard, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Lore, and one Mr. Read, and some other Persons; and there they produced Articles between Colonel Layton and Mr. Leonard, whereby Mr. Leonard was to haye Half the Profit of the Office of the Fleet, except Clerk of the Papers Place; and was to carry on a Compjaiqt, which was coming iqto the House of Cotnmp.ns, against Tilly; and there wqu1c[ be §rea,t Occa^iqn fqr jSfoney to prosecute it, which Mr,

Lyomri

8 W. III.

270 Januarii'

Leonard was to raise: Whereupon, the Informant ask- stands, he takes it to be no great Fault to let him go Prisons and ing, What Reason they had to think of carrying their abroad; but hopes to recover him, being in the Mint, pretended Designs there? they answered, That they did not doubt as soon as he can have his Liberty; but cannot, being p^c*gc of it, for that they had a very good tongue-padding under Confinement, use the Means which otherwise he Lady, naming Madam Gilbert, alias Madam Hancock, should do: And believes he might say to Mr. Tayler, alias Sir Antkony Love, who would cut him down; and That his petitioning the House in this Matter might be that if they missed of their Business in the House of a Prejudice, and make it the more difficult to take Commons, yet Whites Business would do Tilly's Work: Fade: And that he doubts not but to satisfy the Cre-And the Informant read the Articles; which were sealed ditors as to the Recovery of his Prisoner.

and executed.

Mr. Isham said, He was in Company with Mr. Robinson, at the time aforesaid, when the said Articles were produced by Leonard; who was to have Half the Profits of the Fleet Prison, except the Clerk of the Papers Place: And there he heard something of the Discourse mentioned by Mr. Robinson, That Mrs. Hancock would be a W itness against Tilly: And it was then proposed to the Informant, That he should have a Place in the Fleet, if he would raise 100l.; saying. That Tilly's Servants, who knew his Affairs, would do his Business: But the Informant rejected their Proposals.

Mr. TUly said. That Hobson was to have the Clerk of the Papers Place.

Francis Duncomb, being brought before the Committee since in Custody, said, That lie has heard Mr. Tilley several times say, It had cost him a great deal of Money at the House of Commons, to hinder the Bill to prevent Escapes from passing: But the Informant never carried Money any farther than to Mr. Guye's Chambers, in the Temple; where, about Two Years since, he carried about 200l. to pay Mr. Tilly for his Place of a Tipstaff'; and there Mr. Tilly said, lie wanted Money to execute a Matter before a Committee: but the Informant knows pot what he did with the Money.

Mr. Tilly said, Duncomb is a Person not to be believed: That now he says, He never carried Money farther than Guye's Chamber; though he told Maddox and Hobson, That he earned it to the Parliament-House: And produced other Evidence against his Credit; viz.

Mr. Traherne: That Duncomb was a Buckinghamshire Parsons Son, and put an Apprentice to a Vintner in London; but, in Two Years time, ran away from his Master, and came into the Country; and there bought Sheep and Cattle in other Mens Names; and was afterwards arrested for it.

Mr. Hart: That Duncomb was at a Kinsman's of the Informants, in Bucks, who was of Duncomb's Name; and there Duncomb rode away with his Namesakes Horse; and afterwards said, He had sold him, but did not receive the Money, and, if he would lend him another Horse, lie would go and get the Money; and accordingly he had another Horse; but never returned again to give his Namesake an Account of either of his Horses.

Then the Committee took into Consideration the Petition of John Tayler, and other the Creditors of James Fade Merchant, which was referred to the Consideration of the Committee.

Mr. Tayler said, That Fade, since Mr. Tilly was in Habeas Corpus, turned

The Committee, being informed, That one Robert Markham had spoken indecent Words of the House of Commons, examined into that Matter.

John Myot, a Messenger, said, He had endeavoured to summon Markham to attend the Committee, and was informed, That he was out of Town; but one Robert Coojur said. He was not out of Town, but had procured himself to be arrested on a sham Action, and was then in a Spunging-house; because he would, if he cquld, avoid coming before the Committee.

IF ilium Spencer, Turnkey of the King's-Bench: That, he, said Markham, going by the King s-Bench Prison, the Informant called to him, saying, That he heard Markham had been before a Committee of the House of Commons; to which Markham answered, Yes; but they were all a Company of hot-headed Fools, and could do nothing with him; and that he came oft' with flying Colours.

Eduard Whitt'mgham: That, on the 9th instant, he asked Marlham, What N ews?. Who answered, He had been before a Committee, who were a Parcel of hotheaded Pools; and that he came off'with flying Colours.

As to further Abuses, concerning the King's-Betich;

Mr. Stevens said, That Mr. Deputy-Marshal,

has several Persons, who go about with Straw in their Shoes, that, for 5 s.w ill swear a Man was buried in St. Georges Church-yard, though he was buried in Wales:

That he and Air. Curtis were drinking together at a Tavern, and Ten King's Bench Waiters came and carried

Curtis away to the King's-Bench Prison; where took 50/. out of his Pocket, saying, If he would not give him 50 Guineas more, or give him a Judgment, he should go into the Prison-house: Whereupon, the Informant and Curtis gave him a Judgment, and then Curtis was released: And knows not that Curtis was then a Prisoner; but might be so, for some small Matter, in Farringtons time: And believes, Blower dares not

prosecute the Judgment, during the Inquiry about the Abuses of Prisons; but that lie will do it soon after:

That Blower being in Berkshire, where one I Fells was arrested at the Suit of one Ford, Blower pretended, That he was a Tipstaff", and that We was turned over to the King's-Bench; and so brought him to Town; and carried him to a Chamber, either in the Temple, or Lincoln s-Inn; and Blower w ent into another Room, and presently returned, and told IFells, That his Business was done; for which Blower took 7/. 10 s.: That, afterwards, other Misfortunes befalling Wells, he thought to discharge himself by the Act for Relief of poor Prisoners; but could not find himself entered, as a Prisoner, in the

Custody, by Habeas Corpus, turned himself over to the Fleet Prison, being charged with Actions for above King's-Bench Books; and, complaining to it,

9,600l.; a Copy of which Actions he gave to Air. Tilly he said, That for 7/. 10s. more he would enter and Air. Church; telling them, It cost Fades Creditors as a Prisoner; and then he might have the Benefit of thq 100 Guineas, to get him out of the Mint; and desiring Act: them to take care of him; who promised to take all the Care they could: Yet, nevertheless, they never put him into the Prison; but went to a Tavern the same Night, and let him go from thence, without ever a Keeper, or giving Security: And is informed Fade is already gone to Holland.

Air. Carpenter said to the same Purpose: And that

Mr. Tilly sent a Letter by him to Mr. Church, to secure Fade, till further Order; but never sent Fade to Air.

Church, hut let him go as aforesaid.

To this Matter Air. TUly answered;

That he was notin Custody of the Serjeant when Fade removed himself to the Fleet; and has his Liberty; who being a Prisoner only on Mesne Process, as the Law now

Yol. XI.

That, about the time of last Soulhxvark Fair, he tyas in Company with Blenter, who told him, That Air.

Bowyer had opposed him in Discharging of Prisoners; but that now' lie had brought liim over; for that he had presented him with a Side of Venison; and went and dined with him, and made the Dog drunk; and then they were as great as the Devil and the Earl of Kent.

Air. Curtis said, That he heard Blower say much to that Purpose: And that the said Air. Blower was Chairman of the Bench at the Quarter Sessions for Surrey: And the Informant believes. There were Ten Persons in Company when Blotter said those Words.

Resolved, That Robert J\Iarkham, for speaking false A person and scandalous Words of a Committee of this House, be committed

1___for scandal-

takea oai Words.

680 27" — 28°

taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arm's attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Report be delivered to Mr. Attorney and Mr. Solicitor-General: And that they do take care to prosecute the Persons concerned, for the Crimes therein mentioned.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Securing Ordered, That the Bill for the better Securing of

Debts. Debts, and Establishing of Credit, be read a Second time upon Thursday Sevennight.

Committees Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 28*;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Neve's O IR Heniy Hobart reported from the Committee, to Estate. kJ whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Oliver Neve, of in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, to sell Two Houses in London; and for vesting other Lands, in the said County, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was committed; That they had examined and considered the same; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendments.

Ease of Ordered, That Sir St. Andrew St. John, Sir Rowland

Sheriffs. Gwyn, Sir Mich. Biddulph, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Ashby, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Palmer, Sir

John Bucknall, he added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, is committed.

St. Paul's Sir William Ashurst, according to Order, presented Cathedral. . to the House a Bill for the completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Poufs, London: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ashton'* -An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Marriage to enable Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet to supply an Omis-S*ttlement. sion of a Limitation intended in his Marriage Settlement, for the Benefit of his Issue Male, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Stringer, Mr. York, S\rWm. Ashurst, Mr. Bet hell, Mr. Bracer, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Sloan, Sir Wm. Borwcs, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Sir Robert

Davers, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Air. Pocklington,

Air. Norris, Sir Jo. WSir Wm. Williams, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Whitaker', And all the Members that serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Cheshire: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ex'ortat'iou ^>et*t*on the Alayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Com-of Wool.l0U mon-C«uncil, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Borough of Rippon, in the W est Riding of the County

Januarii. A. 1696.

of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town hath, anciently, been the greatest AlarketforWoolin the Northern Country; from whence all the other Towms in the said Riding, employed in making of Cloth, used to be supplied; but, of late, the said Market is much lessened, by reason the Wool is bought up in other Places, and carried into Scotland, and from thence transported into France, and other Nations; to the great Decay of our Woollen Alanu-factures, and contrary to the Laws of the Kingdom:

And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool, which is ordered, be brought in.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, Masters, and Whitby Owners of Ships, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient i*arboun Corporation of the Port of Scarborough, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Piers of Whitby can be but of little Use to Ships trading Northward, except to small Vessels, the Port not being to gained in bad Weather; and Ships of above 60 Tons cannot get out but at Spring Tides; there being not above 6 or 7 Feet Water: And praying, That the Bill for repairing the Piers of Whitby Harbour may not pass, it being to the Petitioners Prejudice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Godfrey Lee Gentleman, Proctor and Fvading Attorney for Mary Iieuetson, Wife of Air. Thomas Costs nt Hewetson, the said Airs. Hewetsonbeing now beyond the Seas, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Air. Herat son was prosecuted, by his said Wife, for marrying, and adulterously living with another Woman; but he was pardoned by a late Act of j

Grace, except for Costs and Alimony; of which All's.

Hewetson having no Benefit, she prosecuted her Husband

to an Excommunicato capiendo; w ho was taken there- (

upon; and he turned himself over to the Fleet, and had

his Liberty immediately, though the Lord Chief Justice

Treby's Order was obtained for his close Confinement,

and though he ought to be confined as in Execution at

Law; w hereby Airs. Hewetson is like to have no Fruit of

her said Suit: And praying. That the said Alatter may

be heard, as the House shall think fiti

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Cornbi&y, Mr. Cartwright, c

Air. Sloane, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Stringer, Sir John I

Elxcill, S'n'Tho. Dyke, Nr.Pocklington, Sir Davers,

Sir Cha. Turner, Air Price, Sir Genas Flues, Mr. Colt,

AI r.Mountstcvcns, Sir Murm. Wyvell, Sir Henry Colt, Air.

Morgan, Sir Wm. Bmccs, Mr. Stonehouse, Air Bowyer,

Air. Arnold, Mr. Co.r, Mr. Manly, Mr. Fuller, Nr.Hoblyn,

Air. Harley, Mr. Brewer, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Williams, Mr. Foley: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Burgesses, and Common- Ring's Ln* Council, of the Town and Borough of Bury St. Edmonds, Port.;

in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Parts adjacent, have heretofore been well supplied with Coals, Fish, and all Sorts of foreign Commodities, from the Port of King's Lynn, at reasonable Rates, by the navigable Rivers of Great Oaseand hall; but, by reason of a Sluice and Dam, erected by the Adventurers for draining the Fens of Bedford Level, cross the River Owze, near Denver, the Streams of the said

Rivers are very much weakened; and thereby the Rivers j

are become silted, so that small Boats cannot pass to and fro, without much Danger and Delay; to the great Prejudice of the said Navigation, and the Trade and

Commerce

S6.

ettinj 1 tie

rom

-- tie (-ol ij

other

fanu-

Join:

ses.

r*

tdtion

and r8

ICieft

North o the /lili'l ward, aiued annot ove i x re-it

itidfju

Liu

or and ;c

I . r f €

' 1 2R :,ui

:0; T(

kA .1(1 of Mr, i'tej hiere-id Lad m went, ion at iiiui

r mav

tition

inline

8 W. III. 280- — 2 90 Januarii. 681

Commerce of the Petitioners: And praying, That the said Obstructions to the said Navigation may be removed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of Kings Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be read a Second time.

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Mitchell, in Custody of the Ser. discharged jeant at Arms, for absenting himself from the Service of iromeustody. jjouge> jje discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, To-uiorrow Morning, Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. George Bridges have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

King's Lynn The Counsel attending to be heard for, and against, the

Port. Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the

Port of King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk;

They were called in.

And the Bill was read a Second time.

And the Counsel for, and against, the Bill were heard:

And divers Witnesses were examined on both Sides.

And then the Counsel withdrew.

And the Bill was opened.

And a Motion being made, That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Saturday Sevennight.

Letters of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom

Marque. the Petition of the Merchants of London, relating to Letters

of Marque,.....be made upon Monday Morning next.

Pr. 5. L. 34. leave out " demised," and insert "limited in LTse: "

Pr. 6. L. 5. leave out the last "the:"

Pr. last, L. 17. after "Heirs," insert "Executors " and Administrators."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Coreard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Sir John Manwaring, according to Order, presented Dee

to the House a Bill for making navigable the River Dee, Navigation, in the County of Chester: And the same w'as received.

Colonel IVharton, according to Order, presented to the Preventing House a Bill to prevent the Buying and Selling of Offioes>

And the same was received. office*.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the " Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Innholders and Victuallers of the Quartering several Towns of Uxbridge, Colebroke, Stayns, and Egham, 5>oldieri>-

in the Coun ty of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read ;setting forth, That the Petitioners have very much suffered by the continual Quartering of Soldiers for several Years past; whereby they have sustained many great Losses; by which means, and by subsisting several Soldiers for near 12 Months past, and by the ill State of the Coin, they are no longer able to support their own Families: And praying the House to take their Grievances into Consideration, and to relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneiis,29° die Octavo Gulielmi Tertii.

Mr. Brothcrton reported from the Committee, to whom- Leigh'* the Bill to enable Edward Leigh Esquire, and Jane his Estate-Wife, and their Trustees, to sell the Manors of Waxham and Horsey, and certain Lands and Tenements, in and to purchase and settle other Lands to the same Uses; was committed; That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

use:

I'ljl, Griffith's MI Estate.

m

.(4

Lilt.

, JJlj

Ik

m-

,0q. Hanham's Estate,

.1$

-lid

well

off*

0

d

ill

flit

d

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for th£ Sale of the Estate of Francis Griffith, late of London, Scrivener, deceased, for Payment and Satisfaction of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Francis Griffith, late of London, Scrivener, deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Serjeant Coward reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manors of Holme, alias East-Holme, and Suannage, in the County of Dorset, Part of the Estate of Sir John Hanham Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging a Mortgage thereupon, and upon the Residue of the said Sir John Hanhams Estate; and for Payment of his other Debts; was committed; That they had examined and considered the same; and had made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Press 4. L. 13. after "Knight," insert "for the ‘‘ securing the like Sum of 1,200l. and Interest:"

VOL. XI.

Sir John Elwillreported from the Committee, to whom Newfound-the several Petitions, relating to the Trade to Newfound- land Trade, land, were referred; and also to consider of Remedies for securing the said Trade for the future; That they had examined and considered the Matters to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That it appeared, by the Testimony of several Persons,

That the Trade to Newfoundland is very profitable to this Nation: It promotes Navigation, and is a Nursery of Seamen: It gives Employment, in time of Peace, to about 140 Sail of Ships yearly, to make fishing Voyages; who carry more than 5,000 Men, whereof One-fifth Part are Land-Men, or Boys; and that every Third Year such Ships may carry Two-fifths of the same; who make ordinarily in a fishing Season 200,000 Quintals of Fish, and 2,000 Tuns of Train-Oil; the greatest Part whereof is transported to foreign Markets, and some of each brought to England: They carry nothing out of this Kingdom but the Product and Manufactures thereof, Salt excepted:

That since the present War, few Ships have gone directly to she Newfoundland, to make fishing Voyages, for want of Convoys, and Protections for their Men:

8 L That,

r

Newfoundland Trade.

2 90 JanmriL

A. 1696.

That, in January 1695, divers Merchants trading to land, to regain the tost Harhours, to cruise on that Coast, the Newfoundland, obtained his Majesty's Grant, on their to guard the Fishery, and annoy die Enemy trading in Petition, of Convoys, to go the 1 Oth of March, next those Parts.

following, with the fishing Ships then bound thither; and of others, on the 1 Oth of June next following, with their Ships designed for those Parts, to buy Fish and Train-Oil for foreign Markets:

That the Soldadoes, a Frigate of Guns, and the

Mr. Pocklingtmteported from the Committee, to whom pri, ons an($

the Bill for preventing the Abuses of Prisons, and pre- pretended tended Privileged Places, was committed, That they had privileged 'made several Amendments; which they had directed

Saphire, of 32 Guns, sailed, in the Months of April and him to report to the House; and which he read in his May last, with the fishing Ships; and that the said Mer- Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: chants, understanding that no Men of War were ready Where the same were once read throughout; and then a to go to the Newfoundland on the 1 oth of June, as was Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally promised, made Application to the Admiralty-Board, on put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, the 17th of June, desiring, That some Men of War A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for might be forthwith^appointed for that Service: _ saving the Right of Anthony Smith:

On the 22th of June, the said Merchants gave in a List of their Ships; and, on the 6th July following, sailing Orders were sent to the Captains of the Dreadnought and Oxford, to take them under their protection, and to

proceed for Newfoundland:

On the 8th July the Dreadnought was ready to sail with Ten of the Merchant Ships mentioned in the aforesaid List; but Seven of the other of the said Merchant Ships came not from the Dozens to St. where the

And the same was twice read; and withdrawn, by Leave of the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Duke of Men of War were till the 12th of July: They did not enabling James Duke of Ormond to raise Money by Sale Ormond'i sail thence till the Seventh of August, nor from Plymouth of Woods, and making Leases for Lives renewable for Estale‘ till the First of September; being hindered by contrary ever, for Payment of Debts, and for encouraging English Winds: These Men of War never fetched Newfoundland; Plantation in Ireland; and for Charles Lord Weston, Earl but by Storm were separated; the Dreadnought making of Arran in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make Leases of

his Estate, in the said Kingdom: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Hanham's this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate.

for Ireland, and the O.iford for in Spain:

That the French, the last Summer, with Seven Men of War, or Privateers, and Two Fire-ships, made themselves Masters of Ferry-Land, Bay of Bulls, and divers other

commodious Harbours; destroyed the Houses, Store- Manors of Holme, alias East-Holme, and Swannage, in the houses, Stages, Boats, and Fishing-craft, in those Places; County of Part of the Estate of Sir John Hanham

and took about Thirty-three Vessels, loaden with Fish and Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging a Mort-Train-Oil; to the Ruin of very many Families: The gage thereupon, and upon the Residue of the said Sir Captain of the Saphire, to prevent the Falling of the John Hanhatris Estate; and for Payment of his other

Ship into the Enemy's Hands, burnt her

That, in November last, the French in Number about 400, took St. Johns; and are now Masters of all the English Harbours from that Place to s; where

they are about to raise a Fort:

That very few Harbours remain in the Possession of the English; who are not in a Condition to resist the Enemy: And that if a competent Number of Men of War, together with Land Forces, be not speedily sent to their Relief, and to regain the Places taken by the Enemy, that very beneficial Trade will be wholly lost to the Nation.

Whereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Newfoundland doth very much pro

Debts. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land- Land Tu. Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Royal Assa

herd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: to Bilk.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Lords, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been

mote Navigation, increase Seamen, and is of great Profit pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Bills fol to this Nation, and of Advantage to us in the Balance of lowing;

Trade. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other That the great Losses sustained in the Newfoundland, were Duties, payable for One Year.

occasioned through want of a sufficient Number of Men An Act for vesting the Manors of Holme, alias East-of War, to secure its Harbours, and to protect the Fishery. Holme, and Swannage. in the County of Dorset, Part of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Estate of Sir John Hanham Baronet, in Trustees, to

That an humble Address.....to his Majesty, That be sold, for discharging a Mortgage thereupon, and

a competent Number of Men of War, and Land-Forces, upon the Residue of the said Sir John Hanham's Estate; be sent, as soon as conveniently may be, to the Newfound- and for Payment of his other Debts. land, to regain the lost Harbours, to cruise on that Coast, An Act for enabling Neve, of Great

to guard the Fishery, and annoy the Enemy trading to ham, in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, to sell Two those Parts. Houses, in London, and for vesting other Lands, in the

The First and Second Resolutions, being severally read said County, of greater Value, to the same Uses, a Second time, vrere, upon the Question severally put

thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee appointed to Causes of

— ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - - , examine into the Causes and Occasions of the greatTumults T""ultf

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his of the Multitude who appeared at the Door of this House, Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his the 21 st Instant, in order to press the passing a Bill, de- Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That a com- pending in this House, to restrain the Wearing all wrought petent Number of Men of War, and Land-Forces, be Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from sent, as soon as conveniently may be, to the Newfound- Persia and East India, and all Callicoea printed or stained

22 there;.

8 W. III. 2$ jaguam. 683

there; and to consider how such Tumults may be pro- Mr. Cobs, being the re, told him, That the Bill was thrown vented for the future; That they had examined several out of the House; and offered to lay a Guinea to a Sliil-Persons, in relation to the Causes and Occasions of the ling of it, as often as he pleased; and, being askecl, How said Tumults; whose Examinations the Committee had he came to know that the same was thrown out? said.

directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz-

That they do find, by the Testimony of a great many credible Witnesses, That One Cause of the Discontent of the great Number of Weavers that appeared that Day at the House, was, from the Apprehensions they had, That the Bill, now depending in the House, to restrain the wearing all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, was thrown out of the House; and that some Members of Parliament had received great Sums of Money to hinder the Passing thereof; all which was occasioned by the Suggestions find Misbehaviour of some Persons that did oppose the Passing of the same.

To prove which, several Persons were examined; viz. Captain Le Cuts: Who informed the Committee, That, on Wednesday the 20th instant, the Day that the Bill to restrain the wearing East India Silks and Bengals was adjourned, he came to Westminster; and one Mr. Gabriel Glover called to him, in Palace-yard, and told him, That he need not trouble himself to go any further; for that the said Bill wras thrown out: And saith, That there were some straggling Weavers very near; which, he believes, might over-hear him; but when Mr. Glover came up nearer to him, he spoke with a lower Voice, and said, That the Bill was put off: But saith, That he did apprehend Mr. Glovers Discourse was jocular, and not out of any ill Design.

Thomas Call: Who informed the Committee, That he being at the East India Warehouse, at St. Helens, Mr. Glover was there, and shewed him great Quantities of East India Silks and Callicoes; whereupon Mr. Call said, It was a great deal of Pity that so much Goods should come over to the Ruin and Destruction of many Thousands of our ow n Kingdom, who w ere ready to perish for want of Work: To which Mr. Glover replied, Talk no more of that here, we'll discourse that at the House of Lords; and further said, That it had cost the Weavers 500l. to endeavour to prohibit the East India Silks; and that they had no more to spend; but he did not doubt but the Linen-drapers would find Money enough to manage the Weavers, and hinder the Passing of the Bill.

That Mr. Sewell said, That, having some Discourse with Mr. Glover about Passing of the aforesaid Bill, he told Mr. Glover, He heard there was 1,000l. given to hinder the Passing thereof: To which Mr. Glover replied, The other 1,000l. would do the Business effectually: But Mr. Sewell said, He believed Mr. Glover spoke it in a jocular Way.

That Mr. Lewis said, That he, being at the East India Warehouse, when Mr. Glover was there, he heard Mr. Glover say, That they would take care to give the Weavers such a Fall, that they should never be able to rise again.

That Mr. Burroughs said, That Mr. Glover told him, That 100 /. would not excuse him for his Share which he had disbursed, in order to prevent the passing of the said Bill.

That Air. Crosse said, That several of the Linen-drapers did publickly offer to lay great Wagers, That the Bill would be throwm out of the House; which, he believes, did come to the Ears of the Weavers, and was the Occasion of their Rising'

He further said, That one Mr. Nanfan, a Clerk, belonging to a Member of Parliament, did go to a publick House, where 90me Journeymen Weavers were drinking, and offered to lay Two Guineas, That the Bill would be thrown out.

That Mr. ConduitInformed the Committee, That, the Day before the Weavers Rise, he was in Covent-garden, at a Mercer s, at the Sign of the Kings Arms; and one Vol. XI.

tie had the News from Mr. Glover, or from one that had it from him.

That several Women were called in* and examined; # whom the Committee were informed hired a poor Woman to ring a Bell, and gave her Money to go about and raise the Weavers; viz.

Mrs. Clark, Mrs. Mashaxv, Mrs. Davis: Who informed the Committee, That several poor Women of them were got together, upon the News, That the Bill was thrown out; and, they . Thousands others of them being in a very miserable Condition, and not having had any Work for several Months together, and having several small Children, they and their Families were like to perish with Hunger, they agreed amongst themselves to advance every one a Haltpeny, and give the Bell-Woman, to go about to raise the Weavers, and so go to Westminster, and petition the Parliament, that they might be encouraged in their Trade: And said, They gathered amongst them a Shilling, which they gave to the Bell-Woman.

Mr. Oldham, Mr. Crosse, Mr. Laris, Mr. White, and several others, testified, That it was the general Cry among the poor Weavers, That the Bill was thrown out.

That therc were agreat many Master-Weavers appeared* at the Committee: Who declared, That they had no Hand in stirring up the Rabble: And they all shewed their Dislike and Abhorrence of that Action; and declared, That they would use their utmost Endeavours to find out the Promoters:

And further said, That as soon as ever they heard, that the Rabble were got together in Moorfields, they did all they could to disperse them: And, particularly,

Mr. Smith, a Master-Weaver, testified, That, on Thursday the 2ist instant, in the Morning, as soon a# ever he heard, that the Rabble were got together in Moori fields, he sent one of his Servants, to persuade as many as he could to cqme back; and, by his Persuasions, he brought away Six; and he sent those Six out, and they brought away above a Hundred.

And it further appeared to the Committee, That several of the Master-Weavers gave their Servants a »great Charge, that they should not go out.

That divers Women, w hose Husbands were Weavers, informed the Committee, That the Linen-drapers in Comhill, and Cheapside, and other Places, did all they could to exasperate the Weavers in their Way to Westminster; by giving of them ill Language, and calling of the Women Whores, and pulling out their East India Silks and Callicoes, and shewing of it to them, as they passed along.

Mr. Barry said, That, the Day the Tumult was, lie went out into the Court of Requests among them twice, in order to disperse them; and some of them came up to him, and told him, That they were informed, that the Adjournment of the Bill was on purpose to bring in the Clauses that should so clog it, that, if it did pass the* House of Commons, it would never pass the House of Lords: 1

That, afterwards, some others of the Rabble came to him, and told him, They were informed. That the House of Commons were so far influenced by the Enemies to the Bill, that it should never pass; but when the Capitation- Bill was once passed, the House would then rise, without doing any thing in their Affair.

Mr. Glover, being called before the Committee to give an Answer to the Evidence that was given in relation to him, said, That he did meet Captain Le Cuis, in Palace-yard, that Day the Bill for restraining the Wearing East India Silks was adjourned and remembers he told Captain Le Cuis, That he believed the Bill ttould not come on that Day, because the House was upoathe Capitation Bill: But denies, That he said the Bill was thrown out:

And

Causes of Tumults about th# House.

7

And desired that Mr. Draper might be examined, who was with him when he met Captain Le: And,

Mr. Draper said, That when Mr. Glover met Mr. Le Cuts, he told him, That he need not make so much Haste, for the Bill would not come on that Day, because the House was upon the Capitation- Bill; but did not hear him tell Captain Le Cuts, That the Bill was thrown out

Mr. Glover further said, That as to Mr. Sewell's Evidence, he owns he had some Discourse with Sewell; but denied that he said, 1,000l. would do the Business effectually:

That as to Mr. Call's Evidence, which charges him with saying, at the East India Warehouse, That the Weavers had spent 500l. and had no more to spend; but the Linen-drapers would find Money enough to manage them, and hinder the Passing of the Bill; he utterly denied, that he used any such Expressions: And called a Witness; viz.

Mr. JVhelpdale: Who said, He was at the Warehouse when Mr. Call and Mr. Glover were there; and Mr. Call did say, That he hoped that would be the last time that any East India Goods should be brought to that Place: Whereupon Mr. Glover replied, Let that alone; we'll discourse that another time: And that was all that Mr. Glover said, as he remembers.

That as to Mr. Conduit's Evidence, which charges one Mr. Cole, who was at the King's Arms, in Covent-garden,.

the Day before the Weavers rose, with laying a Guinea to a Shilling, that the Bill was thrown out; he desired Mr. Cole might be examined: And,

Mr. Cole, being called in to the Committee, said, That he was at the King's Arms, in Covent-garden, the Day before the Weavers Rise; but denies he offered to lay any Wager, that the Bill was thrown out, or that he made use of Glovers Name.

Mr. Glover further said, That whatever Words fell from him at any time, when he had any Discourse either with Captain Le Cuts, Mr. SaveMr. Call, or any of the Weavers, were spoke in a jocular Way, and notout of any ill Design:

He owns, That he, being a Linen-draper, and dealing in East India Goods, and thereby concerned in point of

Interest, did use all the lawful Endeavours he could to prevent the passing the Bill; and believes, he has disbursed above 200l. in Fees, to Counsel and Solicitors, and other Charges; but denies, That he ever gave, or offered to give, any Money, or any other Reward whatever, to any Member of Parliament, or that he ever declared he had so done.

That there were some Persons called in, to give the Committee an Account of what Mr. who

- solicits for the Bill, said, in relation to the Rising of the Weavers; viz.

Mr. Movillon, a Painter of Callicoes, informed the

Committee, That, about a Fortnight ago, he being in a Coach with Mr. Lomb and another Gentleman, he asked Mr. Lomb, What Success the Bill for prohibiting the East India Silks was like to have ? To which Mr. Lomb answered, He thought the Bill would pass, it always having had Success in the House of Commons; and Mr. Lomb further said, That if the Bill did not pass, they must send the Weavers Wives and Children to the Parliament, to be taken care of; or Words to that Effect, to the best of his Remembrance.

Mr. Lamouch, a Merchant, said, That, about a Fortnight ago, he was going into the City, in a Coach, with Mr. Movillon and Mr. Lomb; and they Two having some Discourse about the said Bill, to the best of his Remembrance, he heard Mr. Lomb say, That, if the House did not pass the Bill, they must be forced to send the Weavers Wives and Children to the Parliament; or Words to that Effect

Mr. Lomb being examined, said, That he was in a Coach with Mr. Movillon and another Gentleman, about a Fortnight ago; but positively denies, that he said, They must be forced to send the Weavers Wives and Children

1696.

to the Parliament-house: But believes he might say, He was afraid they would come up.

Sir John Parsons said, That, being in the Lobby, he heard Mr. Lomb say, That, if the Bill did not pass, the Weavers would come up, and he could not tell how to help it.

Ordered, That the said Committee do inquire further into the Causes and Occasions of the said Tumults; and consider how such Tumults may be prevented for the future.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That Gabriel Glover, for speaking scandalous Words of this House, and their Proceedings, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Question be not printed.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties Duties on upon Paper, Vellom, and other Things, to encourage ^aper'4c' the Bringing in of Plate, and hammered Money, to be coined; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Mitchell vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Bo- Electi0D-rough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report, touching the Election for Tavistock the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, be Hlectiou. made upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, after the further Consideration of the Bill to Mem restrain the Wearing of all wrought-Silks and Bengals, imported from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed and stained there, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Ditto, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 1* dieFeb

8° Gulielmi Terlii.

Prayers.

ABI L L for making navigable the River Dee, in the Dee Kavigs-County of Chester, was read the First time. "on. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting certaip Messuages, Lands and Tenements, late of Estate. Charles Milson, deceased, in Trustees, to sell, for Payment of Debts and Legacies; and to lay out the Surplus money in Lands, for the Use of Edward Alilson, and his Heirs, according to the Will of the said Charles Milson:

And that Mi'. Brotherton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for enabling James Duke of Ormond to raise Money by brmonds §ale of Woods, and making Leases for Lives, renewable £stite‘

for

29* Januarii- — 1° Februarii.

1

J

c

t;

tin

tv

Dr

til.

b

A

C

P

Ja

Ei

Pn

Inc

Ca.

' the

urtder i ai d »r the

'to ot O the

>Uie;

to the Duties k Durap k to lie oned;

8 W. III.

i° — 2* Fe

685

for ever, for Payment of Debts, and for encouraging Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into

M 'A) /10/l L> Li n /*! JL T — j 4 ts«M — . _ W 1 1 T1 4 F I. _ 11 1

English Plantation in Ireland,-, and for Charles Lord Lf'iss/cw, Earl of Arran in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make Leases of his Estate in the said Kingdom; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Privilege — A Petition of Robert Markham, in Custody of the Ser-Stiornffor*" Jeant ,at Arms attending this House, for speaking false and this Kingdom from Persia and and all Cal-

licoes printed or stained there:

And the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House divided.

JSir Henry Hobart, Norris:

Discharge.

scandalous Words of a Committee of this House, was presented to the House, and read; by which be acknowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the fame: And prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Robert Markham be brougt to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Teller, for,* No

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

164.

132.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- PunifWng

Returns of Juries.

ing next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing several former Acts for punidiing Officers and Soldiers who shall Sir St. Andrew St. John, according to Order, presented mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing

Mutiny and Desertion.

nfPr-fc

ISatJlr,

ft, K-'

Wa-5-

Billfi*

lilicoe

ill.itli:

\id

;ice i

Stop ford's Eilat*.

to the House a Bill for Sheriffs to make Returns of Juries, till Michaelmas 1697, as they formerly didj and to enforce Clerks of the Peace to make their Returns of Freeholders, pursuant to the late Act for the Ease of Jurors: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to enable Robert St Esquire, to fell Lands

and Tythes in IVysail, in the County of Nottingham, for Pavmef/t of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloane, Mr. Molestt-orth, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Norris, Mr. Traverse, Mr. Pock/ingtonMr. Taylor, Sir Gerv.

Elites, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Blofeild, Mr Colt, Mr. Foley, Mr Sir

tvood, Mr. Sayers, Sir Tho. Mr. Moor, Mr.

Henly, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Manly, Dr. Mr. Wat-

lington, Mr. Hoar, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Fra. fVininglon, Mr. Gay, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Rlake: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five

a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants of London, relating to Letters of Marque, was referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Way* and Mean*.

Lett«r* of Marque.

Mortis, 2* die Februarii 8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Courts of Great Sessions iu Wales.

Hvea*

Lir

jitliCJ

jf the

Dr. Lancaster thanked.

hi]

Leave of Absence.

A Bill for regulating the Courts of Great Sessions within the Dominion of Wales, and the Proceedings therein, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Lancaster, for the Sermon by him preached before this House, upon Saturday last, at St. Margaret!s, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Robert Bertie and Mr. Drake do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Grevillhave Leave to into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Stepney Spittle-Fields, in the Parish of alias P*rish.

Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the

House, and read;....., That their Parish-Church

is not large enough to hold One-tenth of the Pat ifhioners, nor their Burial-place sufficient to contain the vast Numbers of their Dead; and the Petitioners are at great Distance from the said Church: And praying, That, out of the Monies to he raised by the Act for completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's,

London, feme Provision may be allotted for building a Place for Divine Worship, for the Use of the said Inhabitants of the said Hamlet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Tilly Esquire, in Custody of the Privilege —

Claims on Prizes.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Roberts have Leave to go Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to a. ?er,"" I. into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Oc- the House, and read; by which he prayed to be discharged calions. out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Tilly be brought to the

i for

.tea

l*av

rffc

,lte

James'

Lltate.

r. Prohibiting 1 India Silks,: \ i^allicoes,

;]&

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Eliz. Harding, and others, is referred, do fit this Afternoon and Tomorrow Morning, and de die in diem.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting and settling certain Estates of William James, Gentleman, in and upon Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and their Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

T he House, according to the Order of the Day, resumed the further Consideration of the Bill to rellrain the Vol. XI.

the said Mr. Tilly be brought to Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

Robert Markham, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, Privilege — was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where, a P«rfon upon his Knees, he received a Reprimand from Mr.

Speaker. charged.

Ordered, That the said Robert Markham be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That all Committee* be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Bere, according to Order, presented to the House Regulating a Bill for the regulating Printing, and Printing-presses: Printing and

And the same was received. Printing-

8 M The '

71

6W

2* Februarii.

A. 1696.

Ruflfia

Company.

St. Paul's Cathedral.

Anl\ver to Address.

Stopford's Eft ate.

The Bill wm read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or framed there, be read a Third time upon Thursday Morning next, after the Reports from the Mr. Moor, according to Order, presented to the House Committee of Privileges and Elections. a Bill for admitting Merchants into the Freedom of the 1

Russia Company, upon reasonable Terms; And the feme was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Jiill to prevent the Buying and Selling of Offices Preventing

' ~ ~ the purchase

and Tale of Offices.

and Places of Trust was read a Second time.

That the Bill be committed to Colonel Wharton, Sir Wm. Lord Coningsby, Sir Chr.

Mount ague, Mr. Heveningham, Mr A Bill for completing the building and adorning the Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Price, Mr. Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, was read a Manly, Mr. Sir Cha. Sidly, Mr.

Second time. Mr. Arnold, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Chadwick,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Mr. Vernon, Sir Tho. Roberts,' Sir WHonywood, Mr. of the whole House, Fleming, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Foley,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Severn- Mr Mr. Clark, Mr, Sawyer, Sir Hobart,

night, refqlve itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, Mr. Whitaker, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Hoar,

to consider of the said Bill. " Mr. , Mr. Colt, Sir Fra. Masham, Dr. O.vendon,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commit- Sir Fra. Wellington, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Mr. Freke, tee, That they have Power to receive Clauses, for making Mr. Perry, Mr. Gzt'j/M.Sir Buller, Sir

f'rmvon1^,2 1a CMinmVi V/ T^/inPo. oc shall SlT ‘R.Owlti.Ild GrWWlH 2 And thftV arR to this Aftpr-

such Conveniencies to the Church of Si. Paul's as shall be proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition of the Inhabitants of Spittle-Fields be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Sir Rowland Gwym: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Weilminft.r

Abbey.

Mr. Arnold reported from the Committee appointed to Abuses in <ht examine what Dyes have been got out of the Tower, and Mint' by what Means; and to inquire into the Miscarriages of A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate the Patent-Officers of the That they, having ex-

Church of St. Peters, in Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Church hath been hitherto supported at the foie Charges of the said Dean and Chapter; and although there has been expended, in the Repairs thereof, since the Restoration of King Charles the lid, near 20,0001, besides great Sums laid out in the Two first Years after the said Restoration, yet the Structure of the said Church is l'o very defective, that the Petitioners areadvised by Surveyors, that it will cost about 40,000l. to support and repair the same as it ought to be;

amined some Officers of the Mint, in the in relation to the Dye3 which have been clandestinely delivered out of the Tower, by some Persons concerned in the Coinage, do find, by the Evidence of Captain Harris, and the Warden of the Mint, That several Pieces of new Crowns and Half-crowns have been counterfeited lately; which, they are positive, were done with the Dyes that are in the Tower:

And that it appeared to the Committee, That Mr. Roteer, who cuts the Dyes, has the keeping the re-

which the Petitioners are not able to raise, or support the °^> a,1(l the great Press; and though Captain Harris

be the Patent-Officer, and ought to have the Inl'pection of the Dyes, yet that the said Roteer would never fuller him to come into the House where the Press and Dyes are kept: And,

That one Daniel Ware made a Prels for one White, who lies now under Sentence of Condemnation: And that The Lord Coningsby reported to the House, That their hite did tell him. That he could have Dyes from Roteer Address, in relation to the Newfoundland Trade, having when he pleased:

said Church any longer, without the Aid of the House And praying, That they may have some Allowance made out of the said Act for repairing the said Church.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole Iloufe.

Proceedings in Courts of Equity.

Preventing Exportation of Wool.

been presented to his Majesty, his Majesty was pleased to say, That he had and would take all imaginable Care for the retrieving so beneficial a Trade.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Hales Baronet was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House to enable Robert Slop ford Esquire, to fell Lands and Tythes in in the County of

Nottingham, for Payment of his Debts: That James Slop-ford Esquire, deceased, Father of the said Robert, was indebted to the Petitioner's Testator 200l. Principal Money, upon Bond; which is not yet paid; but the Bond i$ now in Suit in Ireland \ so that the Petitioner cannot produce it, to prove his Debt, which is just: And praying, That the said Bill may not pal's, without Care be taken for Payment of the said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed;

And that Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Worsley, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Bridges, be added to the said Committee.

Sir Richard Temple presented to the House a Bill to regulate the Court of Chancery, and Other Coopts of Equity: And the same was received.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool: And the same was received.

Prohibiting India Silks, Callico«s,&c.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this

25

And that the Committee do conceive, That it is too great a Trust, and may be of dangerous Consequence, for the said Roteer to have the Custody of the Dyes, he being a Roman Catholick, and keeping an Irish Papist in his House; and having the Custody of the said Dyes, it lies in his Power to let them out when he pleases, or to coin falle Money in the Tower:

That the Lord Lucas has complained, That the Tower is not safe, while so many Papists are' entertained in Roteer's House:

And that it appears, That the said Roteer is a very dangerous Person: And that the Master of the the Warden of the Mint, and the Engraver, all declared,

That the Coinage might be carried on without the Assistance of Roteer:

And that the Committee had directed. That the House should he moved, That they would give Directions for securing the Dyes and Punchions in the Tower:

Ordered, That all the Punchions, Dyes, Prefles, and other things belonging to his Majesty's Mint, in the Hands of Mr. Roteer, in the Tower, be immediately seized by the Officers of the Mint.

Ordered, That the said Committee do also inquire into the Miscarriages of the Mints in the Country.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and of that Part of his Majesty's Speech which relates to the Credit of the Nation.

Mr.

E;

SI

L<

£1

8 W. III.

2° — 3* Februarii.

on

be

f.

dr.4

A

Hr.

A

Hr.

;»(,

Mr,

'if,

wj,

tier-

687

Ways and Means.

African

Company.

Hto

Coinmif-b iioners of aii2& Accounts.

esof 2 ex-ret

rered

Join-

Supply Bill; Act Duties 011

tek; Paper, &c.

'JfiS-

r \k *3 are

istoo ;e. for a be* ift in es, it or to

h(t ied fl

1 vffr

ki

lft

It'd , lor

and the

Enfe of s her ills.

Leigh's £ ftute.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Refoked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for examining, taking, and Hating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom; to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission; and will then proceed to a new Election of Commissioners; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties on Paper, Vellom, and other Things, to encourage the Bringing in of Plate, and hammered Money, to be coined; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii,3* die Fehmarii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Edward Leigh, and Jane his Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manors of Wav-ham and Horsey, and certain Lands and Tenements, in the County of Norfolk; and to purchase and settle other Lands to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Edward Leigh, and Jane his Wife, and

Brotherton, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Sloane, Mr. Gery, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Mr.

Newport, Mr. Pocklington, Colonel Kirby, Sir Win. St.

Quintin, Mr. Burrard, Sir John P, Mr. Carr, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Osborne, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr- Fairer, Mr.

Lout her, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. BurringSir John

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Colt, Mr. Bickerstajfe; and all the Members that serve for Lancashire, Cheshire, and Yorkshire:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for Sheriffs to make Returns of Juries till Mi- R«tnrn* of chaebnas 1697, as they formerly did; and to enforce ^nrie*-Clerks of the Peace to make their Returns of Freeholders, pursuant to the late Act for the Ease of Jurors; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir St. Andr.

St. John, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Fa Mr. Mr. Mountague, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Bridges, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Colt, Mr. Gery, Mr. Newport, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Ogle, Dr. Oxenden, Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm.

Hustler, Sir Mich. Biddulph, Sir Wm. Louther, Mr.

Dolben; and all that serve for the Counties of Northampton, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Elizabeth Pullein was presented to the puj)e;n.s House, and read; letting forth, That her only Son George Claim* Pullein went on board his Majesty's Ship the Dunkirk, as Second Lieutenant, to the West Indies, where he died on board the said Ship, whereof Captain who died

there also, was Commander; and Captain Butler, who succeeded him in Command, possessed himself of her Son's personal Estate, and refuses to do her Rigiit: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to tlift Committee, to whom the Petition of Eliz. Harding, and others, is referred.

A Petition of Obadiah Wood, John Nerwton, and Ger- info Arrears. rard Cook, in behalf of thctnselves, and the rest of the Attendants on the late Train of Artillery in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That they petitioned the House the last Session of Parliament, complaining of the Non-payment of Irish Arrears due to them; which Petition was referred to the Commissioners of Accounts; but, before they fat, the Petitioners were commanded to their respective Posts in Flanders', fb that nothing was done therein: That the Petitioners are now sent out of Flanders, to make this their Second Application for Relief; most of them having Families here, who want Support in their Absence, and are forced to live upon Charity for want of what is their Due: And praying,

That they may be satisfied the Arrears due to them,

Privilege — a Perlim reprimanded and discharged.

Crowle's

Ellate.

rk*

ijii'i

their Trustees, to fell the Manors of Waxhamand Horsey, they being willing to serve his Majesty abroad, and certain Lands and Tenements, in the County of Apr- ' ‘ " 1 - 1

folk-, and to purchase and settle other Lands to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Tilly was, according to Order, brought to the

Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Tilly be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Bill for vesting Part of the Estate of Roger Crotcle Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children, according to a Power reserved to him in his Marriage-Settlement; but could not be executed by him, by reason of his Lunacy, after his Marriage; was read a Second time.

Refoked, I hat the Bill be committed to Mr. Shackerlu,

Sir Wm.Lowther, Mr Fleming, Sir Cha.Carteret, Air.

Wot. XI.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakewell, and other Troopers, is referred.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom Coparcenary the Bill for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in Co- Lands, parcenary, joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second tune, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered\Tnat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for the better preventing the Abuses pr;fons and of Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places, was pretended read the Third time. privileged

An p,ace*-

Goodwyn's

Estate.

Supply; Deficiency of Funds.

Resolutions relating to the Bank.

3* Februarii. A. 1696.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for laving the Right of Anthony Smith, Mariner, which he claims to the Office of the Fleet, and the Premises thereunto belonging, by virtue of Two Decrees in Chancery:

And the same was twice read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, to prevent Carmen and Coachmen from carrying Goods by Night:

And the same was twice read; and several Amendments made; and afterwards withdrawn, by Leave of the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Abuses of Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocklington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Franklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Nicholas Goodwin the elder, and Nicholas Goodwin

the younger, to fell the Manor of in the County of Bucks; and, with the Monies arising the reby, and other Monies to be advanced by the Laid Goodwin

the elder, to purchase Lands of a greater yearly Value, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Manor is now settled: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of the whole I louse, to w'hom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds; and of that Part of his Majesty's Speech, which relates to the Credit of the Nation; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read: and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bank of England be enlarged by new Subl'crip-tions.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Subscriptions be made by Four-fifths in Tallies struck upon Parliamentary Funds, and One-fifth in Bank- Bills or Notes.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an effectual Provision be made by Parliament for the Payment of the Principal of all such Tallies as shall be subscribed into the Bank.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 8/. per Cent, per Ann. be allowed and provided for all such Tallies, so to be subscribed, and brought in, and for all Tallies remaining in the Bank, to the Amount of such Bills or Notes as shall be subscribed with the said Tallies.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Continuance of the Bank of England be enlarged until the ift Day of August 1710.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Alignments of Orders on Tallies subscribed into the Bank be registered in the Exchequer, by the proper Owner thereof.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That before the Day be fixed for the beginning the new Subscriptions, the old Stock be made One hundred per Cent.; and that what shall exceed that Value shall be divided among the old Members.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Interest due on those Tallies which shall be subscribed into the Bank Stock, at the time appointed for

Subscriptions, to the End of the last preceding Quarter, on each Tally, be allowed as Principal.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Liberty be given by Parliament to enlarge the Number of Bank- Bills, to the Value of the Sum which shall be so subscribed, over and above the 1,200,000l.; provided they be obliged to answer such Bills at Demand.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no other Bank, or any other Constitution whatever in the Nature of a Bank, be erected or established, permitted or allowed, by Act of Parliament, within this Kingdom, during the Continuance of the Bank of England.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, on such new Settlement, the Bank of England be exempted from all manner of Parliamentary Taxes, Assessments, and Impositions, whatsoever.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Act of the Corporation shall forfeit the particular Interest of any Person concerned therein.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for the effectual preventing the Officers of the Exchequer, and all other Officers and Receivers of the Revenue, from diverting, delaying, or obstructing, the Course of Payments to the Bank.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Care be taken to prevent the altering, counterfeiting, or forging, any Bank- Bills or Notes; as likewise against the defacing, rafing, or altering, any Indorsement upon any such Bill or Note.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Estate and Interest of each Member in the Stock of the Corporation be made a personal Estate.

16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Contraft, Bargain, or Agreement, made for any Bank-Stock, to be bought or sold, be good or valid in Law' or Equity, unless the said Contract or Agreement be actually registered in the Books of the Bank within Seven Days, and actually transferred within Fourteen Days next after the making such Contract or Agreement.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Bank

Tellers for the Yeas,*!

176.

70.

of England be enlarged by new Subscriptions;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

fSir John

'fSir Scawen:

Tellers for the Noes fSir

1 eiiei s for me in oes, ^DoQor

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment w as proposed to be made therein, by adding " out of the Funds agreed to be continued

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That an effectual Provision be made by Parliament for the Payment of the Principal of all such Tallies as shall be subscribed into the Bank, out of the Funds agreed to be continued.

The 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 9th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding the reunto " and, in Default thereof, to be answered by " the Exchequer, out of the first Money due to them

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That Liberty be given by Parliament to enlarge the Number of Bank- Bills, to the Value of the Sum which shall be so subscribed, over and above the One Million Two hundred thousand

Pounds;

35.

n,

8 W. III. 3° — 40 FebruariL

ill 1)5

k

% 9

per.

\!0?.

nf

'ittee, m!

"iites,

ink

iiittec,

"uk

d'Hc

S tr

mttft.

tertej-

isii

3

M

I'.aar

ill 0

at ie

Nvjt oEit

)SJ(t

cllili

i;e,

e; the

I unto

in. tr

:U(W

Cora-ti-art ri'jtd

®8

iion

din?

lb?

a:'

ipWj

itH;

iued

iA

Pounds; provided they be obliged to answer such Bills at Demand; and, in Default thereof, to be answered by the Exchequer, out of the first Money due to them.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolutions, and upon the Resolutions for continuing the Duties of Tonage and Poundage upon Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco, and other Things, resolved by the House the 2d of December last: And that Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Walter Young, and Sir Herbert Crofts, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

CommitfeM. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-

Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year

1697.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jervis, 4* die Februarii;

8* Guliehni Tertii.

Prayers.

James' A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

fcstite. il for vesting and settling certain Estates of William

James Gentleman in and upon Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and their Children, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Vexatious Mr. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to whom Suit*. the Bill to prevent frivolous and vexatious Suits at Law was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wdth the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Milsou't Mr. Brotherson, according to Order, presented to the £*tat*. House, a Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, late of Charles Milson, deceased, in Trustees, to sell, for Payment of Debts and Legacies; and to lay out the Surplus-money in Lands, for the Use of Edward Milson, and his Heirs, according to the Will of the said Charles Milson: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Dee Naviga- A Petition of Sir Roger Mostyn Baronet, Sir Edward iwu. Mostyn Baronet, Thomas Hanmer Esquire, and Tho.

Whitley Esquire, on the behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants of the County of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for making navigable the River Dee, in the County of Chester; w hereby great Part of the Soil adjoining to the said River is to be vested in Francis Cell Merchant, the Undertaker of the said Navigation, and his Heirs; and Impositions are to be laid upon all Coals and Lime brought to Chester; so that thereby the Petitioners will not only be divested of their ancient Inheritance, but the said Impositions will be also very grievous to them: And praying, That they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Vp;.. XL

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Duty whom the several Petitions of the Glass-makers were re- Cl*, ferred, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of Francis Duncomb, in Custody of the Privilege — Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to Person p«v the House, and read; acknowleging his Offence, and "tlolj*for begging Pardon for the same: And praying to be dis- lkC ar8*' charged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Francis Duncomb be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Watermen, and King's Lynn other Inhabitants, of the Town of St. Ives, in the County Port, of Huntingdon, interested in the Navigation upon the River Oxvze, leading through the County of Huntingdon to the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves, and others of the said Town of Ives, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the taking away the Sluice at' Denver Dam, in the County of Norfolk, on the River Oxvze, will greatly prejudice, if not quite destroy, the Navigation through the Counties of Bedford and Huntingdon to the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; by which Navigation, the Petitioners, and a great Part of the Counties Cambridge, Northampton, and Bucks, are supplied wdth all water-borne Commodities, to their very great Conve* nience: And praying, That the said Sluice may be continued, for the Advantage of Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Repairing better repairing Churches and Church-yards; and en- Churches, forcing the Payment of Churchwardens Rates: And that *c- Mr. Price do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Mary Coltopp Widow, the Relict and Army Administratrix of Major Nicholas Collopp, deceased, was Arrears, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That her said Husband faithfully served as Major to Colonel Albert Coninghams Regiment, now commanded by Colonel Robert Echlyn, from the first Raising thereof, till the 17th

of February 1693-, when he died; leaving the Petitioner and Two Children very poor; Mr. Robei't Curtis, Agent of the said Regiment, refusing to make up any Account with the Petitioner, though there is a great Arrear of her late Husband's Pay due; for want of which, she and her Children are reduced to great Necessities: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts to examine the Matter: And that they do give the House an Account thereof.

A Petition of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and other Quartering Persons liable to the quartering Soldiers in several Tow ns Soldisr*. in the County of Bucks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for the Space of Eleven Months last past, the Petitioners have quartered Soldiers, and been constrained to entertain several of their Wives and Children, and to furnish them daily with ready Money and Provisions, without receiving One Peny Satisfaction for the same; whereby the Petitioners Estates are consumed, their Credit lost, their Debts grown clamorous, and their Families reduced to Beggary; and yet the Soldiery require larger Supplies, which the Petitioners are no longer able to bear: And praying, That some speedy Course may be taken for their Satisfaction, and for preventing the lilfe Hardships for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exporta- Preventing tion of Wool was read the First time. Exportation

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon 0 '

this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do then lay before this House such Informations as they have received, relating to the Exportation of Wool.

8 N A Motion

Securing

Debts.

Mitchel

Election.

4° Februa.

A. 1696.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill for the better Securing of Debts, and Establishing of Credit, be now read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

'acred, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Colonel Wharton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee ot Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Upon the Re-commitment of the Merits of the Election for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall:

The Committee have met, and heard the Witnesses touching the same.

That the Counsel for Mr. R the Petitioner, insisted, That Humphry Courtney Esquire, deceased, was not duly elected:

And, to prove the Right of Election, they produced an Extract out of the Journal, 12° i° Gut

<§' Mar; by which it was resolved, That the Right of

Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell aforesaid, is in the Lords of the Borough w ho are liable to be chosen Port-reeves of the same, and in the Housholders of the said Borough, not receiving Alms.

That the Petitioner also produced, as a Witness,

Mr. Denis Russell: Who said, That he took a Poll for Mr. Row, with the Consent of the Port-reeve, and the Steward; and that all named in that Poll, except Gully, did vote while the Port-reeve and Steward were present; and, as to Gully, he w as in a House from whence they adjourned to take the Poll in the Street, and did declare before the Adjournment; but could not be positive whether he came into the Street to be polled.

And, the Poll being produced, the Numbers polled for Mr. Row and Mr. Courtney were thus;

For Mr. Row 25.

For Mr. Courtney - - - 14.

Thomas Richards said, That that voted

for Mr. Courtney, was no Housholder, nor did pay to Church and Poor:

And, that Stepk. Covert was an Apprentice at the time of the Election; and his Apprenticeship did not expire till Two Months after the Election:

And, being asked, If he knew of any Beef distributed by Mr. Row to the Electors ? said, He did not know of any, except about Christmas.

He further said, That John who appeared

against Mr. Row about a Fortnight before Christmas, asked him, If Mr. Row had paid him? And he telling Tonhyn, That he had not been paid, at that time; the said Tonhyn offered him to pay his Charges, if he would take his Horse and ride back again: And further said, That Seven of Mr. Rowe's Voters paid to Church and Poor. That, on the behalf of the Borough of was

produced,

Thomas Tredenham: Who said, That he was Collector,

Two or Three Years ago, for Parish (.

lying in Newland and Tillidoi'cParishes); and that there was not above Three or Four Voters for Mr. Row that paid to Church and Poor in the said Parish:

That several Bullocks had been given, by Mr. Row, about Christmas time, in several Years; and, a little before this Election, Mr. Attwood distributed Beef on Mr. Row's Account: That the Election was some time before Christmas was 12 Months: But Persons that

voted against Mr. Row, as well as those that voted for him, received of the said Beef: He also said, He had not heard of the Dissolution when the Beef was distributed.

John Buckingham said, That Beef had been distributed by Mr. Row, about 2 Months, or 6 Weeks, before the last Election: That one Nicholls, who voted for Mr. Row, said, That, if Mr. Courtney would give him as much as Mr. Row had promised him, which, he said, was 10/. he would vote for Mr. Courtney: And that several that did vote for Mr. Rmv did not pay to Church and Poor: But acknowleged, That Seven of them were Housekeepers; that One received Alms; and another was an Under-tenant:

He also said, as to Mr Courtney's Voters,

Emanuel Poole, John Wynn, Nicholas

Rennet, they did not pay to Church and Poor, but were Housekeepers: And that he was present at the Taking of the Poll in the Street, and did not see Gully there, though he looked for him.

Mr. Edward Hoblyn said, That he had searched the Wine-Licence-OHice for Four Years back; and found, that, for that time, the Licence for selling Wine for the whole Town of Mitchell w as granted to Mr. Row: And that Mr. Roto said, His Name was made use of, that his Friend Vincent might have it the cheaper.

Philip Lilly, Abr. Wills, said, That Lilly was Gullye's Keeper et the time of the Election; and that Gully did go into the Street at the time of the Poll.

That they also produced a Discharge to the Warden of the Fieet, as to Gully, by Robert Rhodes. And,

AbrahamlI ills said, That John Gully did pay to Church and Poor, though not in Mitchell: And that John Julian and Samuel Delb ridge did pay to the Church and Poor in St. Tillidore Parish: And that Parker also paid to

Church and Poor in the said Tow n.

And that the Committee came to this Resolution; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Humphry Courtney Esquire, deceased, was duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall.

And the Question being put, That the House do agreo with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Humphry Courtney Esquire, deceased, w as duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mit' chell, in the County of Cornwall;

The House divided.

The

Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

fMr. Hoblyn,

'[Mr. Manley:

Tellers for the Noe. /Sir Gwyn,

ieiieis for me .\oes, ^Mr Mason

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

147.

145.

Colonel Wharton also, according to Order, reported, Tavist#* from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Mat- Election, ter, touching the Election for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee, thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Henry Manat on Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Sir Francis Drake Baronet to serve for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon:

The Committee have examined the Merits of that Election.

That, for the Petitioner, to prove the Right of Election, was produced* a Resolution of the House, made 13 Martii, 8° of his present Majesty, upon the Petition of Ambrose Manaton Esquire against the Lord James Russell; by which it was Resolved, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is in the Freeholders of Inheritance, inhabiting within the said Borough.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner insisted, That, that being the last Resolution, the Right, according to the late Act of Parliament, could not now be controverted:

But

8 W. III.

But the Counsel for the Sitting-Member insisted, That that Act of Parliament did not bind the Parliament; but only appointed a Rule for the Officer to make a Return by; for that, probably, there might, at some time, be a feint Defence; or they whose Right was concerned might not be Parties, or heard; and so it was not reasonable to construe that Act to bind the Parliament; but that they might determine the Right different from the former Resolution:

And they insisted, That the Right is in the Freeholders ef Inheritance in Possession, inhabiting within the said Borough, who were presented at the Court:

They further observed, That in the Case cited, between Mr. Ambrose Manaton and the Lord James Russell, the Lord Russell made no Defence.

That the Numbers upon the Poll were agreed to be thus;

For Sir Francis Drake - - 31.

For Mr. Manaton the Petitioner 57.

But the Sitting-Member insisted, That the major Part of the Petitioners Voters were not qualified.

That, to prove the Right of Election, the Sitting-Member produced several Witnesses;

Richard Doidge: Who said, He had known Tavistock above 40 Years:

James Steer: Who said, He had known it above 30 Years; and had been at several Elections:

And they always looked upon it as a necessary Quali- fication to intitle any Freeholder to vote, to be presented by the Jury of the Town to Law Court there: And that, upon the Contest formerly, between Sir John Davis and the Lord Russ'!!, S,r John Davis had a great Majority upon the ifoii; but tr.fi Lvd Russell petitioned the House, and carried it, neon the Point, That he had the Majori* / of thrsc that aere presented.

And John Cunningham and Ja.n.s Harvey: Who also said, That they nau been present at several Elections; and aid iK;t look upon any to have a Right, unless they were presented.

And Harvey said, That about 25 or 26 of those that were presented were for the Sitting- Member; and not above 8 or 9 for Mr. Megafon: That about 16 of those that voted for Mr. Manaton were made by one Whit* church out of Three Tenements.

Walter Slid tab arne said, That Whitchurch purchased of one Gariand, for 20/.; and told him it was Mr. Manaton s Money: And that of the Persons that bought of Whitchurch, some of them were poor Men, and did not pay Scotland Lot; and One of them said, He did not know where his purchased Estate lay: That, upon the Estate bought by Whitchurch, there was a long Lease, and but 3$. 4d. reserved: And that 11 Persons that voted for the Petitioner; viz. John Crasse, William GUI\ Peter West cot, Tho. Southall, Arthur Keck, Walter Spiller, Edward Pike, Barth. GUI, Peter Row, William Gill junior, and Gest Noble; were made by Whitchurch out of the said Purchase.

John Burgate said, That, a little before the late Election of the Lord James Russell, Whitchurch told him, He had bought Land of Kelly and Garland, to make Voices for Mr. Ambrose Manaton; and desired him to be for the said Mr. Manaton; and offered him some Land; and told him, He should have a Deed to shew for it; but did not demand any Money for it.

John Cunningham, James Harvey, said, That John Toller voted for a Garden belonging to Rich. Cudtip's House; which Cudlip voted for Sir Francis Drake:

That John Row and Bcvil Row have only a Freehold in Right of their Wives:

That John Moon was made by Whitchurch:

That Henry Farewell was made by Wise, and is a split Voice:

That Richard Ford voted for Pari of a Garden, out of the Borough:

That Richard Gerry refused to shew his Deed:

That Andrew Doidge is poor, and pretends to Part of a Garden:

Vox.. XL

691

That Robert Williams's was but a little Thing, and he was bound to surrender it:

That John Burnt was a poor Man, and another received the Profits:

That Thomas Wood's Family was in the Country at the time of the Election:

That William Hutchins pretends only to Part of a Garden:

That Henry Mmson and Ben. Sargent have but One Estate between them; and their Father has the Possession of it:

That Sweet, Hodg, and Hwere always rejected*

because the Estate was in their Mother:

John Clark and Martin Sowtoti were waved by the Petitioner:

That Samuel Charter senior and junior, and Tho. Foote, receive but a Pepper-corn Rent between them: That Francis Cunningham, William Cundy, and Edward Ward, voted for the Reversion of a small House and Garden, which they had jointly with one Gto. Bennet; but they had voted in some former Elections:

That Thomas Wyatt voted before; but his Estate was proved before the Committee formerly to be only a long Lease:

rJ hat Farewell pretends to a Quarter Part of a small

Garden:

That Henry Mmson bought an Estate, which is divided into Three Parts; one of which Sargent has, the other his Son:

That Nicolas Penrose pretended to one Moiety of p. small Garden.

William Spry said, That Doidge, that voted for Mr. Manaton, told him, That he had made 30 slmm

Voices; and that John Hooper and John Crew were Two of them; and that about 24 or 25 of them voted in this Election:

That Elias Harvey pretends to the Moiety of a House; and has the Report of a sham Man;

That Kelly told Sir Francis Drake, That he had the

Inheritance of the Estate sold to Hooper and Crew; and that Mr. Ambrose Manaton paid to Whitchurch the Money for it:

That for the Petitioner, byway of Reply, the Counsel endeavoured to make good the Right, as they opened it; to justify several of their Voters; and take off some that voted lor the Sitting-Member:

That, to prove the Right, they called,

Fran.Cunningham: Who said, He had known Tavistock 20 Years:

Wm. Doidge: Who had known it as long:

Robert Williams: Who had known the Borough 22 Years:

Richard Tucker: Who had known it 30 Years:

John Whitchurch:

And they severally said, They did not think it necessary for Persons to be alienated (so they called their being presented by the Jury, and admitted at the Court); and that little Notice had been taken ot it till of late: And that some Persons had been refused to be alienated j particularly Samuel Carter;because he would not pay 45.;

And

Wm. Doidge denied, That he had shewed Spry any such List, as he had testified: And

Robert Williams said, That Wm. Doidge, 6 September, some time before his being Port-reeve, said, That he should be Port-reeve shortly, and then Mr. Manaton might throw his Cap: And

Williams said, That John Cunningham sent for him, and desired him to be for Sir Francis Drake; and told him, He should get 10/. by it.

That, to justify the Petitioner's Voters excepted to, they called,

John Whitchurch: Who said, That he liad bought an Estate of Garland, which cost him Six-score Pounds; and another of Three Tenements, a Tan-yard, and Two Herb-gardens; that indeed there was a Lease upon them; but the Estates in Possession were worth 10/. a Year:

That

40 Februarii-

Tavistock

Election.

4° Februarii*

Tavistock Eia liou

1

A. 1696.

That he did not sell at the Instance of Mr. but divided the Estate in Sale for his own Conveniency, and was paid for it; and that the Sale was before the former Parliament: That there had been admitted Voices that had but 6d.a Year.

William Doidge said, That John Toller had voted

before, since he sold his House:

That Cuninghambought his Estate of one that voted

before:

That Cundy and Ward have voted for 12 or 14 Years. To prove John Rowe's and Wm. s Estate, they produced a Deed, dated 3* Oct. 70 Gul.; whereby it w'as covenanted, by Row and his Wife, to levy a Fine to Row, and his Heirs, of a Moiety of a Tenement.

There was also produced a Deed, to the same Purpose, for Bevil Row, dated 15 October 7* Gul. and a Fine levied last Michaelmas Term.

As to Nick. Penrose; they produced a Release of the Sixth Part of a Messuage, dated the July, 70 Gul'.

As to Richard Souton; they produced a Lease and Release of a Garden, and 5 October 1695:

Tho. Kelly said, He had married an Heiress.

As to Andrew Doidge; they produced a Lease and Release, dated the 23d and 24th October, 6* Gul' Maria, of a Garden.

As to John Hooper; they produced a Lease and Release, dated the 2d and 3d 7 Gid. of 2 Houses,

and 2 Gardens, to John Cruse, John Hooper, and Daniel Calamy.

As to Robert Williams; they produced a Lease and Release of a Moiety of a Garden, dated 2d October 1689.

Doidge said, That as to Henry Fartcell, he had heard his Father say, That he had the Land.

Crassc said, Wood came to be an Inhabitant in Tavistock, a Fortnight after St.James' Tide.

As to Elias Harvey; it was agreed, he was made a Voter by Whitchurch, and was One of the Eleven.

The same for John Moone.

The same for Edward FarwelL The same for Wm.Gill.

The same for Peter Westcott.

As to Henry Minson; was produced a Release of a Garden, 11 Febrrnr, 7 Gulielmi.

As to Sweet's; the Inheritance was admitted to be in his Wife.

Richard Tucker said, That John Hodge's Garden was always reckoned within the Borough; and to that Purpose produced a Deed 6 Ju/ii,70 Car. II

As to Thomas Southall, Arthur Cake, and John Row; they were allowed to be of the Eleven made by Whitchurch.

Thomas Doidge was admitted to have no Freehold, but in Right of his Wife.

Walter Spiller and Peter Row were admitted to be made by Whitchurch.

Barth. Gill was not insisted on.

As to Pyke; they produced a Release of Half a Garden, 4 Oct. 6* Willielmi; but Pyke's Name was rased through all the Deed.

That then the Petitioner attempted to take off some of Sir Francis Drake's Voters: And John Bannick was not insisted on.

Doidge said, That, as to John Wyat, he told him, about a 12 Month since, That he had sold his Estate, for an Estate for Three Lives, to one Leer.

As to Samuel White; That he told Doidge, The Right was in his Mother, and he paid her 4/. a Year: And Crassetestified to the same effect.

Doidge said, as to Samuel GUI, he told Doidge, a 12 Month since, he had sold his Estate for 7/.

Francis Cuningham said, That John Tapson, a Fortnight before the Election, said, He had bought Harvy's Land; butshould have his Money again after the Election.

Robert Williams said, That Trout said, he had his Land only to serve a Turn: But Trout has been Portreeve.

That Robert Hudison told he had no Land,

>7

Francis Cuningham said, That the Port-reeve, last Year, told him, he got 100l. worth of Timber by signing the Lord James Russel's Indenture.

That the Sitting-Member, by Way of Replication, called,

James Harvey: Who said, Carter was refused to b« admitted, because he had made out no Title.

Leer said, That Wyat had sold him no Estate; and that the Timber that was given to the former Port-reeve was only for building a Barn, he being Tenant to the Duke of Bedford; and believes was less than was used upon that Occasion: And

The then Port-reeve himself, being called, testified the same thing; and that there was no respect in that Matter, to the Return of the Lord James Russell.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, is in the Freeholders of Inheritance in Possession, inhabiting within the Borough, w ho have been, or shall be presented as such by the Jury of Inquiry of the Borough.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Francis Drake Baronet is duly elected a Burges* to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " who have been, or shall be, presented a*

" such by the Jury of Inquiry of the Borough

And the Question being put, That these Words stand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for die Yeas,{g|^ Waiter ^Yonge: }

Tellers for the Noes, ^frolhertm, } 86>

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, is in the Freeholders of Inheritance in possession, inhabiting within the Borough, who have been, or shall be, presented as such by the Jury of Inquiry of the Borough.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Punishin? night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, M"t'ny1111 to consider of the Bill for continuing several former Acts DeMrUo11 for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punislung false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Letters of whom the Petition of the Merchants of London, relating Marque, to Letters of Marque, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to restrain the Wear- Prohibitint ing of all wrought Silks and Bengals imported into this India NiU Kingdom from Persia and East-and all Callicoes CalkuesAt. printed or stained there, be read the Third time upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committi*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

8 W. III.

H

i and

to the

sused

Coodwvn's

Estate.

ified

in that

iniittee,

foment

tfron.is

iabitinj

esente

itnift*

Burjesi

mi

A Member

dischurged from cal* tody.

Privilege — A 1‘ciiwn reprimanded and dii-charmed.

ne;

-rtiatr

CT.tel hi

Leave of A bience.

risstd Hay market

Paving, &c.

mitft

xh

fiiiiiui rsut la-

the Jaj

id turn

Returns of Junes.

?Sc»-.

;fe ner.to m* ih a* ne

*¥, lo

rating1

u-ning

Dee Navi-vVeaJ'N Ration.

to thi' '

Ukr

ti12*

0*

Pehn

want.

Veneris, 5# die Februaru;

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Nicholas Goodwin the elder, and Nicholas Goodrryn the younger, to fell the Manor of fVimlow, in the County of Bucks; and, with the Money anting the reby, and other Monies to be advanced by the said Nicholas Geoduyn the elder, to purchase Lands of a greater yearly Value to be settled to the same Uses as the said Manor is now settled; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Elson, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for absenting himself from the Service of the Iloule, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Francis Dun comb, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Francis Duncomb be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Bond have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Gardner have Leave to go into the Country for Six Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Streets where the Carts of I lay and Straw do stand in, commonly called the Ilay-market, within the Parishes of St. Martins in the Fields, $nd St. Jameswithin the Liberty of Westminster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brother-ton, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Colt, Mr. Archer; Mr. Shacucrly, Mr. Bromley, Dr. Oceanian, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Mr. BloJ'eild, Mr. Ha-vmnd, Sir Robert Runlet, Sir Gar. Ebces, Sir IVm. Lea ther, Mr. Henley, Sir lien. Hobart, Sir«8vw. Barnardiston, Colonel Perry, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Paddington, Sir John Manicuring, Mr. Baldxcyn, Mr. 1 Vat ling ton, Mr. I Port-ley, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Phillips, Mr. A/c/z/w/r/g-we, Mr. i'b/cy, Mr. Formes, Sir Toy/. Masham, Mr. Tlmrnhugh: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Sir &. Andrew St. John reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sheriffs to make Returns of Juries till Michaelmas 1697, as they formerly did; and to enforce Clerks of the Peace to make their Return of Freeholders, pursuant to the late Act for the Ease of Jurors; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making navigable the River Dee, in the County of Chester, was read the Second tunc.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Sir Roger Moslyn Baronet, and others, which was ordered to lie upon the Table till the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Vol. XI.

A Bill for re-vesting the Sinecure of Llandinam, in the Hill's County of Mountgomery, in John Spademan, in Trust for Sinecure. Joseph Hill, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jos. JVII-liamson, Sir Mich. Biddulph, Dr. Oxenden, Mr. Gery,

Mr. Colt, Mr. Sloane, Colonel Perry, Sir Math. Andrews,

Mr. Fairer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir JVm. Lowther, Mr. Raldzcyn, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Pocklington> Mr.

Manly, Colonel fVharton, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Cha.

Mor/etj, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Ashbu, Mr. Mountstevens,

Mr. Bivmley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Newport, Mr. Bertie.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they inquire, Whether the Mediety of the Rectory and Church of Llandinam, mentioned in the said Bill, be a Sinecure, or not.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Hackney vileges and Elections, touching the Complaint of several Coachmen. Hackney Coachmen, against Richard Gee Esquire, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and some st. Botolph of the Parishioners, of the Parish of St. Botolph, without Church. A/dersgate, London, in behalf of themselves, and of all the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Parish-Church is so much decayed, that many of the Parishioners refuse going to it, for fear of its falling: That the said Parish is very poor, and contains 1,500 Souls that receive Alms; the Parish not hav* ing above 150/. per Ann. to support the Church and Poor: That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House, for completing the Building and Adorning of the Cathedral Church of St. Pauls, London:

And praying that some Provision may be made by the said Bill, or otherwise, towards rebuilding the said Church.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties on Supply Bill; Paper, Vellom, and other Things, to encourage the Duties on Bringing in of Plate, and hammered Money, to be Paper*&c* coined; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do leave out that Part of the Bill, which lays a Duty upon Plate not brought into the Mints, to be coined;

The House divided.

The Yeas gq forth.

Tellers for the Y eas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

/Sir Robert Cotton, [Mr. Mansell: /Colonel Godfrey, [Mr. Chadwick

159*

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Ways and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further IU€an*-of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the W ar against France, for the Service of the Y.car i6()7> being read;

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do

leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

rr n c u v fSir Fra. Molyneux, Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the NoeJ

80

159-

80.

So

Ways and Means.

Securing

Debts.

Committees.

Whitby

Harbour.

Army

Arrears.

Mitchell

Writ.

50 — 6° Februarii- A. 1696.

So it was refclved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved \That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, after the Report concerning Letters of Marque, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against , for the Service of the

Year 1697.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the interest of the Transport Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Securing of Debts, and Establishing of Credit, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 6" die Februarii 8° Guliehni Tertii.

P R A Y E R S.

\ PETITION of the Governor, "Wardens, and Fellowship of Hoaftmen, of the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, the Petitioners arc informed, there is a Bill depending in the lloule, for the Repair of the Piers of IFhitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, which is to lay a Duty upon Coals, and all other

Commodities, imported from Newcastle: The Petitioners conceive the same will be very injurious to the Coal Trade, and a Discouragement to Navigation: And praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Mary Prince, Widow of Captain James Prince, Elizabeth Sterld, Widow of Lieutenant 1 William

Sterld, Mary Cuningham, Widow of Lieutenant

ham, and Eliz.Doleman, Widow of Ensign Doleman, de-

ceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their said Husbands were Officers in the Regiment commanded by Colonel which went to

Jamaica in January 1694; from which time, the Petitioners have not nor can get any Account from the said Colonel of their Husbands Arrears, or Subsistence; though he hath received their Subsistence, and hath paid other Officers, who lived to return; but will not pay the Petitioners w hat is due to them; w hereby they, and their Children are reduced to very great Distress: And praying, That the said Colonel may be directed to account with, and pay the Petitioners what is due to them, for their late Husbands Arrears and Subsistence.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Ilakewell, and other Troopers, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgcls to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Humphrey Courtney, Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Gery reported from the Committee, to whom the Iiirtj Arrears. Petition of John Ilakewell, and other Troopers, who served in Ireland, in Colonel Fillers' Regiment, was referred, That they had examined the Matter thereof; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as follow;

That several of the Petitioners, being Troopers in Colonel Carpenter's Troop, produced several Accounts, stated and signed by him.

That it did not appear to the Committee, That any regular Accounts had been kept with the Regiment, while they were in Ireland; or that they have been made up since, pursuant to his Majesty's Proclamation of the 4th of April 1695:

That there appears to be due to the Petitioners, and ti e rest of the said Regiment, an Arrcarof ‘2,222/. 3 7

to the First Day of April 169 2:

That several unrealbnable Deductions were made out of the Soldiers Pay; as, particularly, for Trani'portation, and cn Account of the Ordnance; and also, that private Troopers had 1 2d.per diem stopped out of their Subsistence,

for every Horse loll in going over to Ireland', though die King has been since petitioned, by the Officers of the Regiment, to pay for all the Horses loft in that Service:

That several of the Petitioners arc in a fiarving Condition; and that 40 or 50, who served in this Regiment, would willingly go into the Army, if they might have their Arrears, to put them into a Condition to serve.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have fully proved the Matters complained of in their Petition; and that they ought to be i'atisfied out of the Arrears appearing due to the Regiment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there have been several unrealbnable Deductions made out of the Soldiers Pay, upon the Account of Transportation, Ilorles loft, and Ordnance: And that there have not been any regular Accounts kept of the said Regiment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the House be moved, That an humble Application be made to his Majesty, That effectual Care may be taken for Rating the Accounts of the Petitioners, for lktisfving

O '

the Arrears due to them.

The First Resolution being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was propolfed to be made therein, by leaving out " upon the Account of Trani'portation, Horses " loft, and Ordnance;" and inserting, infteud thereof,

" by the Officers and Agents:"

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lb amended, That there have been several unreasonable Deductions made out of the Soldiers Pay, by the Officers and Agents: And that there have not been any regular Accounts kept of the said Regiment.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his theiwa. Majesty s most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to give Order, That ell'eCkual Care be taken for Rating the Accounts between the said Officers, Agents, and Troopers, and for l'atisfying the Arrears due to the said Soldiers.

Mr. Whitaker reported from the Committee, to whom Alton's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Mwa.' enable Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet to lap ply an O million of Stul'-u,a

a Liixii-

' "-/j

' k r;> Mi

8 W. III.

6° — 8° Februarii.

69S

n Cc-

at 'jt

- j

'.'ttlij

«n, tin l"ivCc

'‘j:.': 'lit Lc

: I ill I-

i'i!

i. e.

v'h

-lT? r<3-!iil \M

:;e Ik j.

j. i :(t t ijiTr.it a; ivr;

llil.'r#,

*£tt3

XII.C*

ore; tt eed is

he; ai;i,!? l, Hi*

h;?-i

i'ft is» Sliof s'MSt ;lc laid

ItoB;

|ied

.1(3®

\p

rU*

Highways.

Poor Laws.

Dee Navigation.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Leave of A bfe nee.

Stepney Pill Jilt.

ii^;

;.V\

a Limitation intended in his Marriage-Settlement, for the Benefit of his I due Male, was committed, That they had examined the fame, and had made Two Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

' Press l. L. 30. leave out " Eighteenth and

Press 5. L. 13. leave out " Dcxctonand inleftIC Den-

ton

'idle said Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitaker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge Highways w as read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Archer, Sir Henri/ Colt, Mr. Arnold, Sir Henry Goff Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Shacker/j/, Mr. Yates, Mr. Brothcrton, Mr. diamond\ Mr. Bkftild, Sir John Turner, Mr. liar court, Mr. Gray, Mr. holey, Mr. Shane, Sir Frau. Masham, Mr. St. John, Mr. Smith, Mr. Drake, Lord Digby, Serjeant i Vegan, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Ash, Sir Wm. Lmether, Mr. Kirby, Mr. Roxcney, Mr. Norris, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. JSlawdU, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Cha. J Farley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Genas E lives, Sir Herbert Crofts, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Boxvyer, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. house. Dr. Barbon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bonyer reported from the Committee appointed to inspect the Laws relating to the Poor; and to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, for explaining, and better Execution, thereof; and for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; That they had inspected the Laws accordingly; and had prepared a Bill; which they had directed liim to present to the House:

Which he did accordingly: And the same was received.

A Petition of Sir William Glynn Baronet w as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for making navigable the Liver Dee, in the County of Chester, which lakes away the Petitioner's Property, without his Conicnt, or making any Iiecompence for the fame: And praying, That he may be heard, by Connfel, against; Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordend, That the said Committee do hear Counfci for, and against, the said Bill.

Mr. Robert Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the W oollen Manufacture v\as committed, That they had made favcral Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W'lierc the same were once rend throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon ihe Question Icverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and same other Amendments made by the I Ionic to the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, witirthe Amendments, be ingrossed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Kirkby have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Ocealions.

A Petition of Sir George Wheeler Knight, and Clerk? and the several Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Spit tie- Fields, in the Parish of Stebonheath, alias Stepney, Norton-Eo/gate,

\ OL. XI,

and Artillery Grounds, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That same few Inhabitants of the said Hamlet have lately peti* tioned the House for some part of the Money arising by a Duty on Coals, towards building a Place for divine Worship; although the said Sir Charles Wheeler hath, at his own Charge, already built a Chapel of Ease, for their Ule; which is constantly supplied, and is as convenient as any new Church can he for the said Inhabitants; and, consequently, less chargeable to them: And praying, That the said Chapel, already erected, may not be made useless, bverefting another Chapel for the same Purpose, thereby to burden the Inhabitants with a new and unnecefihry Charge.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paurs, London, is committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, King's Lynn That the adjourned Debate, touching the Commitment Port, of the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be further adjourned until Thursday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,f jJL d°rg> )

fMr. Cocks: J

Tellers for the Noes,-, ?{r* ]

[.Mr. Baldwyn:J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

95-

94-

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Memt.ers 1 Westminster-hall, and Courts there, and Court of lie- summoned. quests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

An ingossed Bill to restrain the Wearing of all w rought Prohibiting Silks and Be ngals, imported into this Kingdom from India Silks Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed oritained Callicoes,&c. there, was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, MConingshy

[Sir Hen. Hobart:

Tellers for the Noes, f*Jr- Chadwick,

[Mr. retry:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

J140.

}‘39-

Luna,8* dieFebruarii;

8° Ciuliehni Tertii.

PlUVERS.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for enabling James Duke of Ormond to raile Money Ormond', by Sale of Woods, and make Leases for Lives renewable *'ltate" for ever, for Payment of Debts; and for encouraging English Plantation in Ireland; and for Charles Lord J Vest on Earl of Arran, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make Lea fas of his Estate in the said Kingdom; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gxvyn,

Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Bagnold, Air.

Newport,

8° Febmarii.

696

Newport, Lord Hide, Mr. Sir Strickland,

Mr. Bmnley, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

ton, Sir Rich. Onsknv, Mr. York, Mr. Boyle, Mr.

Sir JVm.I/nether, Sir Fran. Mr. Lord

Ranelagh, Sir Robert Dave Mr. Mr. Colt, Mr. BloJcM, Sir JVm. Hustler, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Bro-therion, Mr. Neale, I-ord Mr. Lord

Fairfax, Mr. Moyle, Sir EliaMr.

Mr. Mansell, Mr. Alount Lord Conitigsby, Mr.

Price, Mr. Travers, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Hailey, Mr. Bridges, Sir John Phillips, Sir Sam. Burnar-distou, Mr. Bertie, Mr. MMi'. Sir John Trccillian: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

.Milton's A Bill for v citing certain Moffo ages, Lands, and Tene-

Etutu. nients, late of Charles Allison, deceased, in Trustees, to fell, for Payment of Debts and Legacies; and to lay out the Surpius-monies in Land, for the Ul'e of Edward Aid-son, and his Heirs, according to the Will of the said Charles Alilson; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers,

Sir John Phillips, Mr. AlMr. Mr.

Brotherton, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Sir Herbert Crofts,

Mr. Phillips, M r.AIanly, Mr. Bertie, Mr Mr.

Foley, Mr. Price, Sir JosTill), Mr. Need/, Mr. Hat ling-

ton, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Perry, Mr. Mr. Blaake, Sir

Fran. Winington, Sir Robert Burdct, Mr. Harrow t, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Aloiesicorth, Mr. Mr. Air.

Newport, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Gray, Sir lien. Colt, Mr.

Alorgan, Sir John Fleet, Sir J Jassurn: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Rullia A Petition of the Company of English Merchants for

Company. Discovery of new Trades was presented to the Iloul'e, and read; setting forth, That their Predeceflhrs were, by Letters Patents, to <S' 2° Phil. If Marne, incorporated, and to have the foie Trade to all Parts unknown lying Northward, Norih-F aft ward, or Xorth-Westwavd; with other Powers: Which Charter was ratified by Act of Parliament, made 8' Et'iz. to the said Company, and their Successors, for ever; who have since much increased their Trade to Russia, and other Parts, to the Ad vantage of the Kingdom; and export and import more Merchandize than they can fell here or there: That the Petitioners arc at great Charges in supporting their Company, and entertaining Ambafi'actors lent hither from Russia, and the id sent thither; yet, nevertheless, do adie.it all Persons, at very easy Kntes,' to trade to all Places w ithin their Charter, except Archangel/: That the Petitioners tmderstand, there is a Bill in the House, for admitting Merchants into the Freedom of the Russia Company, upon reasonable Terms; Which, should it paid into a Law, will be greatly prejudicial to all Persons bred up in the said 'irade, the Petitioners taking Apprentices, and making them tree of their Company; and tends to subvert the Petitioners laid night: And praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, before the said Bill be read a Second time, or otherwise, as the House shall think lit.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Petitioners be heard, at the Bar of this House, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon the Second Reading thereof;

The Question was put, That " by their Counsel" hand Part of the Question:

And it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, at the Bar of this House, against the said Bill, upon the Second Reading thereof.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Scvennight.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A. 1696.

Ordered, That Sir John Lcveson Gower have Leave to Leave of go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Petition of several Merchants free of the Eastland ^u(r'a Company, refuting in the City of York, on behalf of t'01ul,‘inJ-themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Countries and Territories to which the Russia Company have Liberty of Trade, granted to them by Charter, and confirmed by Act of Parliament, is of vast Extent, and capable of great Improvement; the said Company driving but little Trade into the Privileges granted them; and all other Persons being prohibited to trade within their Limits, without their Licence, upon Forfeiture of Ship and Goods: That the said Company pretend the Name is within their Limits, though the Petitioners first discovered the Trade thither, and is chiefly managed by them, and others not free of tl»e said Company, who are forced to pay such Duties as the Russia Company please to inpose, for Leave to trade thither:

And praying, That they may be admitted to pursue their Trade to the Naive, or elle let into the Freedom of the Russia Company, for the Fine which the Members of the said Russia Company, and all English Merchants, may he admitted into the Hamboroughand Eastland Companie s;

or that the said Trade may be inlarged and regulated. '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for admitting Merchants into the Freedom of the Russia Company, upon rtuibnable Terms, be rend the Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, at the Bar, for the said Bill.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of Bangor was prc- Mils fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there cure, is a Bill brought into the House for re-veiling the Sinecure of Llandhtnm, in the County of in John

Spademan, in Trust for Joseph That the said Pre-

miles are divided into Two equal Comportions; one of which hath been many Years actually possessed by the Petitioners; and that Mr. Spademan never bad a legal Title to the other, as advised; for that one Man's taking Inlti-tution for another cannot create a fair Title, but tends to defeat all the Laws against Simony; but, Mr. Spademan having forfeited his pretended Title, the same is now vested in the Petitioners, by Act of Parliament, in Trust for several charitable Uses; for which there is no other Provision: And the Palling of the said Bill not only tends to the Difmherison of the Petitioners of their just Rights, as Trustees, but may be of dangerous Consequence, in the Example, to the Government, and to several worthy Persons preferred to such Places, as were forfeited by others for their not taking the Oaths of Fidelity to the Governme nt: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass; hut that the Petitioners, and Mr. Spademan, may be left to enjoy such Rights and Privileges as they are severally intituled unto by the present Laws.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the fai l Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed:

And that Mr. Dolben, Mr. Gwyn, and Mr. Boyle, be added to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to, Aliicm and interested in, the Bland of Barba does, was presented to CoffllIJ11J-the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa, if the same should pass into a Law, as the same is now drawn, will be very prejudicial to the Trade of the said Island, and, in many respects, be detrimental to the Intcrelt of England: And praying That, they may be heard, as the House (half think fit, in relation to the said Trade, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Leave of Ordered, That the Lord Int'ynhave Leave to go into A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwarden, Justices of the St Siam"

Abduce. the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Peace, Veltrymcu, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of '!ie ^l:i

'lr.

<ii ;,fc.,

,:'*i

r«.i

f-k

id id 'For.

viK-

' IV'j-

t.!' t;

Ui-

11,

it ti i; St. He lien's

0j i, Church.

1 of tie iiav ;*

k '

tv

u

r.t Lf. x tG

dh

'!;.?->

1 llL‘ Lancaster I.-J6 Writ.

It.lJi ;j

lv.7 3

rdi

Jsd

iuui General Na-jii ri* turaliaation.

Iris,

i\m

-AH

ra'

) i

Ad t:

- 11 Supply.

U:X

xh

f the

Earl of Nut-OW tingham's Estate.

aw, as

to Savile's il-tfr Estate.

fTx;

jn fjsjr Lord Holies' Debts.

s

,j

Vi*;

8 W. III. 8° — 90

St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Parish-Church is in a very ruinous Condition, and, in all Probability, in a few Years will tumble down; the Repairs being very great, and yearly increasing; by means whereof, and their numerous Poor, which cost the Inhabitants above 3»500^ Per Ann. they are now above l,oooo/. in Debt: That there is a Bill in the House depending, for completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London: And praying. That, towards rebuilding the said Parish-Church, such Sum of Money as the House shall think lit, may be paid out of the Impositions intended by the said Bill; and that a Pow er may be given to make a Rate on the Inhabitants for the Remainder.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Hel-len's, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish-Church is one of the ancientest and largest Churches within the Walls of the City of London, and one of the least Parishes; there being not above 11 o Houses in the same: That, their said Church being extremely out of Repair, they did resolve to repair it, and, last Summer, expended about 500l. therein; but finding that 2,500l. more, at least, is absolutely necessary for finishing the said Work, or else that the Church must go to Ruin, they proceeded no further therein, the Parish not being able to raise so much Money: And praying, That some Provision for repairing the said Church may be made in the Bill, now depending in the House, for completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lancaster, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Thomas Preston Esquire, deceased.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a general Naturalization;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, X^H} >34'

Tellers for the Noes, lo6'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Colonel Whar and Sir Hen. Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will proceed, dedie diem, in the Consideration of the Supplies granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, ' by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Exchange of certain Advowsons, between the Bishop of London and the Earl of Nottingham: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Mary Savile, an Infant, upon her Marriage: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for the speedy satisfying the Debts of Francis Lord Holies, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved

Vol. XL

Februarii.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider African of the Bill for settling and regulating the Trade to Africa. Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hareourttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 9* die Februarii;

8* Gulielmi Teitii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Savil«> for settling the Estate of Mary Savile, an Infant; Estate, upon her Marriage, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Not- for the Exchange of certain Advowsons, between the v'a'£j‘am's Bishop of London and the Earl of Nottingham, was t'8tote' read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Goodwyn's enable Nicholas Goodwynthe elder, and Nicholas Good- t'3tate* wyn the younger, to sell the Manor of Winslow, in the County of Bucks; and, with the Money arising the reby, and other Monies to be advanced by the said Nicholas Goodwyn the elder, to purchase Lands, of greater yearly Value, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Manor is now settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Dyke, Sir Charles Windham, Mr. Chr. Mountague, Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Colt, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Brotherson, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Brewer, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Halsey, Mr.

Harrison, Mr. Henley, Mr. Tredenham, Mr.

Mr. Thompson, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Sir

Marm. liyvcll, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Freke, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Monson, Mr. Lambton, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Mr. Pocklington, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Yates, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Gery, Colonel Crawford, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Mawdit, Colonel Mountague,

Mr. Farrer: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Sir John Hay-market Woolstenholm, Mr. Machell, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Morgan, *av‘h*» &c* Sir Cha. Keymish, Colonel Cranford, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Hobby, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Ash, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving and regulating the Hay-market, in the Parishes of St. Martin's in the Fields, and St.James, Westminster, is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for Sheriffs to make Returns of Juries Returns of till Michaelmas 1697, as they formerly did; and to enforce ^une*' Clerks of the Peace to make their Return of Freeholders, pursuant to the late Act, for the Ease of Jurors; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Returns of Juries, a9 formerly, until the First Day of November 1697.

Ordered, That Sir St. Andrew St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Pelham have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. . Absence-

8 P A Petition

69S

90 Februarii,

A. 1696.

St. Margaret'*, Westminster Church.

A Petition of Part of the Inhabitants of St. Margaret's,they may be allowed such a Proportion of the Duties

Westminster, living in the Town of Kensington, and also that will arise from Coals, as shall be thought meet for of the Inhabitants of Kensington, was presented to the rebuilding the Church of the said Hospital.

House, and read; setting forth, That the Church of Ken- Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

sington being very ruinous, and too little for the Inhabi- be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

tants since his Majesty's Residence there, they wereen- 1 ----- --- 'J T'?" ' '

couraged by the Bounty of the King, and their Royal Highnesses, this Year, to pull down, rebuild, and enlarge, the said Church; for which the Inhabitants are, notwith-

whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better preventing frivolous Vexatiow Suits was read the Third time. Suit*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits in Law.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Stepney

Parish.

standing, considerably indebted; so that they are not able to rebuild the Steeple, which is likely to fall: And praying, That, by the Bill, depending in the House, for completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, some Provision may be made towards rebuilding the said Steeple, out of the Duties arising from Coals. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee^ Highways.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition to whom the Bill to enlarge Highways is committed, That be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to rec-whom the said Bill is committed. tify some Mistakes, and to enforce the Execution of some

Clauses, in the Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Spittle- of his Majesty, and the late Queen Mary, for paving fields, in the Parish of Stebcnheath, alias Stepney, in the and cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and many Westminster, and Suburbs and Liberties thereof, and more of the said Hamlet, was presented to the House, Out-Parishes, in the County of Middlesex, and in the and read; setting forth, That some extra-parochial Per- Borough of Southwark, and other Places in the Weekly sons, not concerned in the said Hamlet, have endea- Bills of Mortality, in the County of Surrey. voured to impose upon the House a false Opinion of the

Petitioners; as if but a few of them had joined in the A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Payment? Petition, formerly presented to the House, for some Common-Council, with other chief Traders in the Wool-Bai4 B1: Allowance out of the Duties arising by Coals, toward len Manufacture, of his Majesty's ancient Borough of Col-building them a Chapel, and fencing in a Burial-place, Chester, in the County of Essex, was presented to the which they want: To evince the contrary of which false House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, Suggestion, and that but 14 have opposed the Petitioners, who are great Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, the Subscriptions to the Petition make evident; and that and employ the Poor for 20 Miles round them, have for-they have no such Chapel, or Burial-place, as can be merly been enabled to maintain themselves and Fami-serviceable to the 20th Part of the Inhabitants: And lies; but they are suddenly like to come to extreme praying, That the Artifice of such extra-parochial Poverty, for want of Money to carry on their Trades, Persons may be no Hindrance of the charitable Consi- which is occasioned by the Non-payment of Bank- Bills: deration of their Petitions. And praying, That 6ome Ways and Means may be found

out to enable the Bank of England to pay their Bills, as formerly they have done.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the completing the Building and Adorning of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, is committed.

St. George the Martyr, Southwark, Church,

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of George the Martyr, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was pre-

Mr. Brener, according to Order, presented to the Repair;:; House a Bill for repairing and making decayed Havens Haveis. more navigable: And the same was received.

St Thomas the Apostle Church.

A Petition of Sir Wm. Roberts Baronet, Thomas Hay*, sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the pier Esquire, Richard Bmaler, JVm. Attlee, John Marsh, Puling, i Church of the said Parish is in a very ruinous Condition; and others, for and on behalf of themselves, and others and the said Parish is not able to repair the same; being the Freeholders, and Inhabitants, in the County of very much in Debt, and unable to support their Poor, Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting having no Income; and what Repairs have been formerly forth, That, till 1692, the in James

done were by a Collection of the County, and the Assist- Parish, was the common Highway, and then Carts of ance of the Companies of London: That there is a Bill Hay and Straw stood Toll-free; but in that Year the depending in the House, for completing the building and Street was paved, and, by Act of Parliament then made, adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London: a Toll of 6d. and 2d. was laid upon all Carts of Hay And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said and Straw that should come to the said Market; which Bill, ior repairing the said Church, and new-building the Act is since expired, and such Carts have ever since stood Steeple thereof. Toll-free; and, by an Act, made 2* § Maria,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the Inhabitants are to pave and cleanse the said Street: be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to That there is a Bill depending in the House, for repair-whorn the said Bill is committed. ing, paving, and regulating, the Streets where the Carts

of Hay and Straw do stand, commonly called the Hay-A Petition of the President, Treasurer, and Governors, market, within the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, of Si. Thomas Hospital, in Southwark, was presented to and St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, which the House, and read; setting forth, That the Parish- is to lay a Duty on the Petitioners Carts coming thither; Church of St. Thomas the Apostle, belonging to the said which is a Benefit to the Inhabitants there: And praying, Hospital, is so decayed, that People are afraid to come into That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the it; and the Parishioners are sopoor, that they cannot eon* said Bill, before the same do pass, tribute towards the Rebuilding thereof: That the Hospi- Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition tal cannot bear the Charge of the same, having lately been be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is at the Charge of rebuilding the Site of the said Hospital, committed, and keeping the same N umber of poor Seamen, and others,

during the Building, as before: And praying, That, by Colonel reported, from the Committee of Pri- Hackixy

the Bill, in the House, for the completing the building vileges and Elections, to whom the Petition of Thomas Coack-and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, Kemp, and others, of the ancient Hackney Coachmen, was

ft* referred.

7 '

H.

e duties

fotetjf

frivolous

W

Ions ad

KRtoflie

wnmittee, ‘HTla' S-totet.

011 of soaa

Htip for pavia; ‘!ti(l(ni ad

wof, % 'wl in tit

kW«§

istaMs

ntheM'si.i oitMfj :nted to tae

IVtiia

anulaos

'a,bat(tj.

5 aid F& to estrea :liti" has: Iki-E. nayfceto ueir DS'i, t

ontiieTili

-nted is cl ivfd H& «L

Vmik UiiM i, ate oKi 1'otElJ 3 read;*® oi/® lies Caiti 3 at Yeatt! it thtanafe L'arts oi & irkei; ersa'f.

midi'At®

> enf'-

,/!(^ itcf.* lit ingtiutte id pa® ^aiaitis

aid F«-v |Si^;

,0t'

]tP

8 W. III.

p° — i o° Februatii.

699

Privilege-Prosecution for petitioning the House.

Letters of Marque.

referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee appointed a Day for hearing the Petitioners; and accordingly the Petitioners appeared, by their Counsel: Who said. They were not at that time prepared to that Part of the Petition which related to the Bringing in of a Bill; and therefore applied themselves only to speak to that Part of it, which related to Mr. Gee's prosecuting them at Law for their having formerly petitioned the House:.

And, thereupon* the Counsel for the Petitioners insisted, That the said Mr. Gee had arrested the Petitioners for petitioning the House, as set forth in their First Petition; and had declared against them; and therein called the said Petition a scandalous Libel; and the Petitioners had been put to plead to the same; and that the Charges of the Suit amounted to about to /.

And the Declaration was produced to the Committee.

And the Petitioners Counsel offered to prove the Proceedings, as suggested: But Mr, Gee did confess, That he had caused the Petitioners to be arrested, as alleged; and that the Declaration was in the Words before mentioned; but said, What was done by him was out of Ignorance, and only to vindicate his own Reputation; and, when he understood it was taken Notice of by this House, he had desisted; and offered to release the said Action; and did say he would not proceed in the same.

That the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Gee Esquire, for prosecuting at Law the Hackney Coachmen for petitioning this House, is guilty of a high Misdemeanor, and Breach of the Privilege of this House.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " high Misdemeanor, and

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That Richard Gee Esquire, for prosecuting at Law the Hackney Coachmen for petitioning this House, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of the House.

Ordered That the said Mr. Gee be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Sir Rowland Grvynn reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Merchants of London, relating to Letters of Marque, was referred, That they had examined the Matter, and come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty's refusing Let-

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Way* and solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Me#a5v consider, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had sat; and directed him to report to the House a Resolution, which they had formerly come to, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be now made.

Sir Thomas Littleton, accordingly, reported the said Resolutions; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Aids, Subsidies, and other Duties, granted to his Majesty by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year, be estimated and computed at Three Millions, towards the Supply voted to be raised for the Service of the Year 1697.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Aids,

Subsidies, and other Duties, granted to his Majesty by an Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year, be estimated and computed at Three Millions, towards the Supply voted to be raised for the Service of the Year 1697;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

/Sir William \

Tellers for the Yeas,

\Mr. Bet hell,

Tellers for the Noes,

/Mr. Manley,

' f Mr. Shack:

130. 73.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year^ 1697.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

10° die Febnufrii.

* Gulielmi Tertii.

PaArm

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act James' for vesting and settling certain Estates of listate-

ters of Marque to some, and, at the same time, giving James Gentleman, in and upon Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for himself, and his Wife, and their Children, was read a Second

them to others, is arbitrary and partial.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be a great Encouragement to Trade, Annoyance to the Enemy, and Increase of Seamen, that Letters of Marque be granted to all trading Ships for which the same shall be desired.

Resoked, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee:

And that Lord Marquis Wi Marquis Hartington, Mr. Smith, Lord Cavendisk, Sir Williamson, Mr. Pelham, Lord Coninsby, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Clmedsly Shoved, Mr. Clarke, SxrFran.Drake, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Evelyn, be added to the said Committee.

Vo l. XI.

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pagitt, Sir Witt-Blackett, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Gory, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Maehell, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir Robert Burdctt, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. White, Sir Wm. York, Sir Gere. Ebees, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Lowther, Sir Edw. Seyward, Mr. Philips, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Fuller, Sir , Sir Math.

Andrewes, Mr Lambton, Sir Mich. Biddulph, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Osborne, Mr. Hammond: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An

Lord Holies' Debts.

Duke of

Ormond's

Estate.

Russia

Company,

io° Februarii.

A. 1696.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the speedy Satisfying of the Debts of Francis Lord Holies, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, &c. That the Bill be read a Second time.

the House a Bill to prevent the Bribing and Corrupting of Juries: And the same was received.

A Petition oi Anthony Morin, in Custody of the Serjeant Privilege — at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, a Periou Mr. Gwyn reported from the Committee, to whom the in arresting Colonel Luttrell a Member of this House, or ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for instead of another Person, was presented to the House, enabling James Duke of Ormond to raise Money, by Sale and read; acknowleging his Offence, and begging Par-of Woods, and making Leases for Lives, renewable for don for the same: And praying to be discharged out of ever, for Payment of Debts, and for encouraging English Custody.

Ordered, That the said Anthony Morin be brought to ir Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

to the

Plantations in Ireland; and for Charles Lord Weston Earl

of Arran, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make Leases of his Estate in the said Kingdom; was committed; That they had examined and considered the same, and made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 10. L. 24, leave out " or," and after " Three" insert " or Four

L. 27. The same Amendments.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of several Merchants, free of the Eastland,

Company, residing in the Town of Nervcasle upon Tyne,

on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the Territories to which the Russia Company have Liberty to trade, by virtue of a Charter, which is confirmed by Act of Parliament are of vast Extent, and capable of great Improvement, by exporting much more of our own Commodities, and importing greater Quantities of foreign Commodities, and Naval Stores, than the Russia Company have traded for, if other Merchants might have Liberty to trade into accordingly did, and found amongst the Washings and those Parts; which they dare not do, without Leave of Skimmings of Silver, which was taken out of the Pot, the Russia Company, under Forfeiture of Ship and Goods; which lay upon the Funiace-side, several Pieces of thick though little Trade is driven thither by themselves; who Copper; which he took up, and shewed to Mr. Barton, pretend the Narve also is within their Limits; and though who took them from the said and said, They

the Trade thither was first discovered by the Petitioners, were his: That he did not know the Design of their and is chiefly managed by them, and others not free of placing the Copper there at that time, there being no the Russia Company, yet the Petitioners are forced to pay Occasion for any Allay, it being only clipped Money such Duties as the said Company please for Leave to trade that was melted, for Tw o Days and One Night, in that to the Narve: And praying, That they may pursue the Furnace.

Trade to the Narve; or else be admitted into the 1'ree- jt appeared unto the Committee, by the Information dom of the Russia Company, for the same Fine which the of Mr. Thompson, who also delivered in to the Committee Members of the Russia Company, and all English Mer- an Affidavit of one Christopher Hutton: Who made Oath, chants, may be admitted into the Hamborough and East-That, in September last, Mr. Barton, the Melter and

Bar

A Petition of James Anderson, in Custody of the Ser- Ditto, jeant at Arms also, was presented to the House, and read.

Ordered, That the said James Anderson be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

Mr. Arnold reported from the Committee, appointed Abusesintk to provide against the Abuses by Receivers of publick Mint at Money, and to inquire into the Miscarriages of the ^ork‘ Officers of the Mints, That they had received Information of several Abuses committed by Mr. Barton,

Melter and Comptroller of the Mint at York; which they had directed him to report specially to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That Mr. Thompson, a Member of the House, who declared the whole Matter to the Committee, and then delivered to them an Affidavit of one Robert Williamson, of the City of York, Goldsmith: Who made Oath, That in October last, he was desired by Mr. Thompson to inspect and oversee the Melting at the Mint in York; which he

land. Companies; or that the said Trade may be enlarged and regulated.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for admitting Merchants into the Freedom

Comptroller of the Mint in York, brought an Ingot of Silver in his Hand, which could not be worth less than 50 /.; and Mr. Barton ordered the Assay-master to lay it by; and the Assay-master then telling him it was not marked, Mr.

of the Russia Company, upon reasonable Terms, be read Barton said, It needed not, for it belonged to them, and

Ilay*market Paving, &c.

that it was Sweepings, and therefore he need uot take any Notice of it; w hereupon the Assay-master took the said Ingot and laid it in a Comer of the said Room.

Mr. Thompson also acquainted the Committee, That he had an Account from the above-named Robert li

a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, at the Bar, thereupon.

A Petition of Thomas Beake was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath a House and Garden, of 301, per Ann. situate at the upper End of That on Tuesday the 2 2d of January, he being at the Warwick-street, abutting upon Swallow-street and Beak- Mint in where they were melting after the Silver street, containing 329 koot in the 3 Fronts: That the of one Pot was cast into Ingots, and the Pot set into the Hay-carts, from Tybourne-roadto the Hay-market, make fire again, he the said Williamson, looked into the same, it their common Road through Beak-street, 181 Foot in and in the Bottom thereof he did perceive Two or Three Length; whereby the said Street is continually broken up, pjeces lay; which was not Silver, so he got a Pair of and wanting Paving; so that, what with the Ground-rent, Tongs, intending to have gotten them out, to have seen Taxes, and Paving, the whole Rent of the Premises is what they had been; but one Crettington came with a eaten up: And praying, That Beak-street may be included Ladle full of clipped Money, and though the said Wil-in the Bill, now depending^ in the House, for repairing, liamson bid him forbear, and told him there was some-paving, and regulating, the Streets called the Hay-market, thing in the Pot (a) [that was not Silver], yet he, the said in the Parishes of St. Martins in the Fields, and St. James', Crettington out the same intc ....

preventing Corruption of juries.

within the Liberty of Westminster.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Edward Harley, according to Order, presented to

Crettington, put the same into the Pot, and presently filled his Ladle a Second time; and so prevented the said Wil~ liamson from taking out the base Metal that was first put into the Melting-pot.

That it also appeared to the Committee, That the

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

Money

flipii,

‘ 3

Ho:;^ ft* House'1'* '! Par!

wt of

it to tie rge.

4eSH

#1 and

°U'iltto

charge.

PPointedj, pubSckb S of HeU J Infer.

terror, iichtiej ^5 aril Kveredin

Mitchell

Writ.

'U. % ib and dig

i//i Of# ‘ihi. i;a{

U) in?ped ' inch lie iiinsaad I the Pot, 5 ottrid hia, slid, The" n of tig fen."» edJfe it, iottt

Securing

Debts.

ioraath

.OEM?

taiiefe leiter sx lJOtOlSi [hail joi; it by;aol irkeiUi thein.au! it take® jktM 1.

*, Tta

Hkm

‘iijTaitJf the hirer :tiiwtk

time. Duty on uf Three Glass.

Pair or' ivescet

with S Supply Bill;

hd Hi Duties on

Paper, &c.

is soffit r -

tlieiiii UtlvS Sid (0

ifct?3

Ways and

in* Wto"*-

3b?

8 W. III. 10° — 11° Februarii.

?oi

Money comes out from the Assay-master at York 3 d> and 3*/. \ per Pound Weight worse than Sterling.

Mr. Thompson also acquainted the Committee, That the said Mr. Barton, Melter and Comptroller of the Mint, at York, hath several times abused Mr. Robert Williamson, who was appointed to inspect the Mint; And that the said Mr. Barton is negligent and careless about the melting; and that there was above 3,000 Weight of Silver melted in his Absence.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Informations be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Three Weeks: And that the said Barton, and the Witnesses, do then attend this House.

Mr. Arnold also reported from the said Committee, That they, being informed, That several Receivers had furnished several notorious Clippers with broad 'Money; and that one Captain Winter, now a Prisoner in the Gatehouse for High Treason, hath received divers great Sums of Money from such Receivers; had directed him to move, That some Members may be appointed to go to the Gatehouse, in order to examine the said Captain H inter.

Ordered, That Mr. Arnold, Sir Alarm. Wivell, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Sloant, Mr. Manky, Sir Godfrey Copley, do go and examine Captain Winter in the Gatehouse.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Mr. Vivian, who is sick in the Country, That he, being chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, as well for the Borough of Fcnvey as the Borough of Mitchell, in the County of Cornwall, makes his Election to serve for the said Borough of Fowey.

Oi'dertd, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Mitchell> in the room of the said Mr. Vivian.

Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying Cm the War against Frajice, for the Service of the Year 1697.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded to a new Election of Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts:

And the Members put into (Basses their several Lists of Persons Names to be Commissioners; the Clerk, and Clerk-Assistant, going on each Side the House to receive the same.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to withdraw into the Speakers Chamber, to examine and peruse the Lists given in by the Members of the House; and that they do report to the House upon whom the Choice shall fall:

And it is referred to Mr. Poullny, Sir Wm. Scau'cn, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Morris, Mr. Rmvney, Sir Humph. Fester, Sir Mich. Biddutph, Lord Pvrctet, Sir Marm. Wivell, Lord Spencer, Sir. Harrison, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Gery, Mr. Onslow, for the Purpose aforesaid.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Aloyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Moyle reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Bill for the better Securing of Debts, and establishing Credit, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea^ ^. } n$.

Tellers for«heNoes/*^«. },3.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is referred to Sir WSt. , Sir Godfrey

Copley, Mr. Bromley, Lord Walden, Mr. Mr.

Arnold, Sir John Elwill, Mr. Hamond, Sir Robert Clayton,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Champnyes, Sir Wm. Asliurst, Mr. Tay-

lor, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Bere, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Hoar, Sir John Bucknatt, Mr. Mr. Blofeild,

Mr. Palmes, Sir Walt. Yong, Mr. Stock-dale, Mr. Cor, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Ashby, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Newport, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Pelham, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Gilbert Clerk, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Morris: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions of the Glass-makers were referred, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties on Paper, Vellom, and other Things, to encourage the Bringing in of Plate, and hammered Money, to be coined; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Vox.. XI.

Jovis, 11* die

8* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ABIL L for repairing, and making decayed Havens more navigable, was read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Anthony Morin and James Anderson, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege, in arresting Colonel a Member of

House, for another Person, were, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Anthony Morin and James Anderson be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

An ingfossed Bill for the more easy obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary was read the Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, Press 1. L. 30. to leave out "or;" and, after "Tenements," to insert " or Hereditaments The same was, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed unto by the House.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary^joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the KB to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereuntos,

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and other the Parishioners, of the Parish of Alhallows the Well, London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish is very much impaired; and was much damnified by the Fire in 166b: That the Parishioners are afraid it will fall upon their

8 Q Heads

Commissioners of Accounts.

Ditto;

Rtpairing

Havens,

Privilege — Persons petition for Discharge.

Copancwmry

Lands*

Alhallows is the Wall Church.

11° — 12° Februarii.

A. 1696.

Whitby

Harbour.

Heads, Part of the Steeple lately falling, and beating in the mam Roof of the Church: That the Parish is the poorest within the Walls of London; having but 9/. per Annum Revenue, though they expend 350/. per Ann. to maintain their Poor: And though their Church is but small, and the Charge of rebuilding it will not be great, yet they are not able to rebuild it: And praying, That some Provision may be made for rebuilding the said Church, by the Bill, now depending in the House, for completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Owners and Masters of Ships in the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill depending in the House, for repairing the Piers of the Harbour of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, which is to lay a Duty upon Coals, and other Goods, exported from Ipswich, a great Part of the Charge will lie upon the Petitioners; which will be only an Advantage to the Town of Whitby, the County adjacent, and the Ships going into the said Harbour: And praying, That they be heard, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Proceedings Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Proceedings in Equity!*8 ° Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, be read the l-'irst time upon Saturday next.

Exporting

Wool.

Sir Robert Clayton, according to Order, presented to the House, from the Commissioners of the Customs, an Account of the Informations received by them, relating to the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Preventing Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual prevent-nfXWno?tion inS ^he Exportation of Wool be read a Second time upon of Woo, , this Day Sevennight.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

King's Lynn Port.

Supply Bill; Duties on Paper, dec.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and 'for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Resolved, That the adjourned Debate, touching the Commitment of the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of the Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, be further adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties on Paper, Vellora, and other Things, to encourage the Bringing in of Plate, and hammered Money, to be coined; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 12* die Februarii;

8° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Fairfax's Bill to enable the Lord Fairfax to raise and discharge several Sums of Money, charged by the late Lord Culpepper, upon his Estate: And that Mr. llarcourt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for enabling James Duke of Ormond to raise Money,-by Ormond's Sale of Woods, and making Leases for Lives, renewable Lstale' for ever, for Payment of Debts, and for encouraging English -Plantation in Ireland; and for Charles Lord

Weston Earl of Arran, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to make Leases of his Estate in the said Kingdom; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to Mn*on$

whom the Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Estate. Tenements, late of Charles Milson, deceased, in Trustees,

to sell, for Payment of Debts and Legacies; and to lay out the Surplus-money in Land, for the Use of Edward Milson, and his Heirs, according to the Will of the said Charles Milson; was committed, That they had examined and considered the same, and made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question sevcrally put thereupon, atrreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earlof for the Exchange ot certain Advowsons, between the Kotiina-Bishop of London and the Earl of was read ham's E;j

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dolben,

Sir John Phillips, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Hedger, Sir Ji m.

Ashurst, Mr. Campion, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Moncton,

Mr. Gwyn, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Tho. Foley, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. White, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Mount-stevens, Mr. Paget, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Colt, Sir Chr.

Musgroce, Sir Tho.Davall, Mr Sir

Coriton, Lord Hide, Mr. BohunSir Strickland,

Mr. Gauntlett, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Jacob,

Mr. Phillips, Sir John Cotton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Savilu for settling the Estate of Mary Savile, an Infant, upon Estate, her Marriage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brother-ton, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Colt, Mr. Fleming, Sir JVm. Coriton, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Wm. Strickland, Mr. Arnold,

Mr.Gxeynn, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr Mr.

ton, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Cox, Mr. Monstevcns, Sir 7 Littleton, Lord Hide, Mr. Clark, Mr. Blofeild, Mr.

lington, Mr. Paget, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Gery, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Fran. Mashani, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Wm. Corwper, Mr. Sanford, Sir Tho. Mompesson: And they are to meet this Attemoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocklington have Leave to go Leave of

into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary

Occasions.

A Complaint

K

E

A<

M

s.

*96.

W. III.

12° — -130 Felruarii.

7°3

i. < urt ij

i0 Act

cy, l);K

> UI

mi to

asrcsd

Hfe, GO

lots

a'jeci

10IC&L.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That, Yester- Anderson, be committed to the Gatehouse, for the said day Morning early, one Thomas Baity came and brought Breach of Privilege.

a Letter to Robert Moncton Esquire, a Member of this Ordered, That the said Anthony Morin and James House, at his House in Vine-street; and immediately set Anderson be prosecuted by Mr. Attorney General, for upon and assaulted him; and that thereupon, the Door the said Misdemeanors, being shut, several other Persons, viz. John Brown, and Brown, his Son, Richard Vaughan, and Thomas Pye,

Lord Holies' Uebts.

in a violent manner, broke open the Door, and forced into the said Mr. Moncton's House, and assaulted him and his Family; in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That the said T Baity, John Brown, Brown, Richard Vaughan, and Thomas Pye, be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, an Act for the speedy Satisfying of the Debts of Francis late Lord Holies, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Philip Foley, Mr. Pagett, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. White, Mr. Machcll, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bickcrstaffe, Mr. Fox, Mr.

Taylcr, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir J Cotton, Mr. Thornhagh,

Sir Cha.Sidley, Sir John Austin, Sir Windham, Sir

Robert Burdct, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Gwyn, Mr.

Verney, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Mr.

Account*.

tt«. (5,

to-v E-Ik

nates,

fi to it r. *.

LCft

mz,

v-reii

;ce

le; iii, t] a

M il ward's Estate*

Keysar's, &c. Nat.

Kerry's

Estate.

3: EL*

Pa

folM

, V», S Ashton's

j four. Marriage-

/>. Settlement.

iriv.

it'll :JL

Jifli Griffith's

tf.ii Kstate*

<a.Ui , spa*

4r-

Ifm

ling

ll: Privilege-

re lus al to pay Fees.

m

P4

)t

51;.

S

fly

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee appointed Commia-to examine and peruse the Lists given in by the Members sionere of of the House, of Persons to be Commissioners for examining and taking the publick Accounts; and to report upon whom the Choice should fall; That they had examined and perused the Lists accordingly; and that the Choice fell upon

Sir Thomas Pope Blount - - 145.

Sir Edward Abney - 13a.

Sir Henry Hobart - 125.

Samuel Ogle Esquire - - 1 IQ.

Sir Wm. St. Quintin - - 114.

William Norris Esquire - 96.

Thomas Pelham Esquire - - 91-

Mr. Moyle reported from the Committee of the whole Ditto. House, to whom the Bill for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Bromley, Sir Fra. Molyneux,"as committed, Hurt they had not filled up the Blanks

Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Alarm. Wivell, Sir Henry Hobart, herein for the Commissioners Names, leaving the same

Sir Wm. Bowes, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Echo.Harley, lA° be ,fil, ed UP b3[ the;.MHouf? ' a"d had, I"?de se, vend

Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Wm. Confer, Mr. Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him

Colt: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a to lePort to the f1,01130: ,a.nd read in his Place;

0 _ -- A #1 rt 4 4" /l f rn Wrt n /4 I % m f l*\ I 1 m 1 - m I a Vv 1 aX/ K

Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read.

Whereupon, before the First Blank in the Bill was filled up with the Names of the said Commissioners, Mr. Pelham stood up, in his Place, and made it his Request to the House, That he might be excused of the said

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Mr. Aferedeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for r the Vesting of certain Lands of William Milward, in the Employment.

County of Hereford, Clerk, in Trustees, for Payment of Resolved, That the said Mr. Pelham, at his own Re-Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this 9‘!e.st» be discharged from being a Commissioner for House: And also, taking and stating the publick Accounts.

A Bill, intituled, An Act for Naturalizing of John Keysar, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

A Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of - .

Fdward Kerry Esquire, lying in Binweston, in the County ° d,e said adjourned until 1 o-morrow Morning, of Salop, in Trustees, to discharge Incumbrances thereon, and to raise Portions for younger Children; and for confirming the Marriage-Settlement of the said Edward Kerry: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet, to supply an Omission of a Limitation intended in his Marriage-Settlement, for the Benefit of his Issue Male. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Francis Griffith, late of London, Scrivener, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, without any Amendments.

u o t i

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, proceed to a new Election of a Commissioner, in the room of the said Mr. Pelham.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Duty on whom the several Petitions of the Glass-makers were Glass, referred, be made upon IVcdnesday Morning next.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^aans* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

A Member to attend.

to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply . o* o r , 1. granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency

Ordered, That Sir Stephen Evance do attend, in his tj,e Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Trans-

l/f/ l\ I m/v nn\rf A nrl f nof f non i / i i C T f f

port-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland. f

Place, upon Wednesday Morning next: And that then the Petition of Sir Thomas Peshall Baronet, relating to him, be read, and taken into Consideration.

The House being acquainted, by the Serjeant at Arms attending the House, That Anthony Morin and James Anderson, after they were, Yesterday, ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees, had refused to pay any thing, and endeavoured violently to make their Escapes; whereupon, he having sent them back to his House, they had broke several Doors, and spoiled his Goods, and endeavoured forcibly to away; and abused, assaulted, and beaten his Servants; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Anthony Morin and James Vol.XI.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 13* die F; 9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray F.KS.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Keysar'*, for Naturalizing of John Keysar, and others, was &<= Nat. read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr.

i 3* Februarii.

A. 1696.

Stnpford's

Estate.

Mil ward's Estate.

Preventing CorrujKion of Jurors.

Mr. Sfortne reported from the Cotiifnittee, to whom the Bill to enable Robert Slopford Esquire to sell Lands and Tythes in WysaU, in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same, and had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting of certain Lands of William in

the County of Hereford, Clerk, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to prevent the Bribing and Corrupting of Jurors, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

since; for the want of which they are disabled any longer to carry on their said Trades: And praying the Consideration of the House thereupon; and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Walden have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A Bill for regulating Proceedings in Chancery, and Proceeding other Courts of Equity, was read the First time. in Courts 4

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- Commis-ceeded to a new Election of a Commissioner for taking s'ontrs w and stating the publick Accounts: tcount'

And the Members put into Glasses their Lists of Names for that Purpose; the Clerk, and Clerk-Assistant, going on each Side the House to receive the same.

Ordered, That the former Committee do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, to examine the Lists given in by the Members of the House; and that they do report to the House upon whom the Choice shall fall.

Regulating A Bill for regulating Printing, and Printing-Presses, Printing was read a SeCOnd time-

Prose*? Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Attorney

General, Dr. O,vender), Sir Win. Coriton, Mr. ton, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Francis Windham, Mr. Bridges,

Sir Wm.Cooper, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Alr.yBlake.

Sir Henry Hobart,$\r Richard

Sir John PhillipMr. Dollar Sir Richard

Onslow, Mr. Gwyn, Sir 'Dio. Sir Hussey,

Mr. Campion, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Onslow, Air.

Solicitor General, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Sam. Air. Air.

Mounstevcns, Mr. Phi/lipps Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Air. Ryder, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Cox, Mr. Ogle, Sir Win. Ashurst, Mr. Air.

Harley, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Price, Lord Spencer, Air.

Molesworth: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Justinian Isham have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and Places adjacent, using the Cloathing Trade, or otherw ise employed in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the Establishment of the Bank of England, the Petitioners have, for the most part, been obliged to accept of Bank- Bills, instead of ready Aloney, for their Commodities; which being punctually paid at first, they w ere able to carry on their Trades; but now the same being come into Discredit, at a Rebate of 16 or iS I. per Cent, for ready Money, the Petitioners

Stock chiefly consisting the rein, they cannot pay the same without the said Rebate, nor carry on their Trades, for want of ready Aloney; whereby they are reduced to great Necessities: And praying. That some Course may be taken for compelling the Bank of England to pay their Bills, and for relieving the Petitioners, who have many of them in their Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Alaster of the common Work-house, and others concerned in the Cloathing Trade, in Marleborough, in the County of Wilts, for and on the behalf of thems^Jjfcs, and many others of the same Trade, living near t lie'said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Thousand poor People have, for several Years past, been employed in the Cloathing Trade thereabouts; and particularly the said common Work-house above 700 yearly; but now, by reason of the great Discount of Bank- Bills, the Petitioners cannot receive the Money due to them for their Goods, sold long

20

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire A busts ;9 into the Abuses of the Officers of the Exchequer, and Exchtqutr, Receivers of the Taxes and Revenues:

And it is referred to Air. Lowndes, Sir Charles Hotham,

Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Brandy, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Sloane,

Air. Moor, Mr. Phillipps,.Air. Price, Mr. Boscawen, Air.

Robert Harley, Mr. Machell, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Pelham, Lord Coningsby, Mr.

Hunt, Sir Richard Ovslenc, Mr. Fox, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Pagit, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Middleton, Lord Ranelagh,

Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. Culliford,

Sir William Williams, Sir John Phillips, Sir Gods rey ley, Lord Nor res, Lord Digby, Sir Herbert Crojls, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Boyle, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Perry, Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Norris, Sir Wm.Strickland, Sir Edward Ayscough, Mr. Maxedit, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Molesworth,

Air. Staines, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Colt,

Air. Hamond, Mr. Clark, Sir Butler, Sir Walt.

Yonge, Mr. Onslow, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Rozc/and Gwyn,

Sir Mann. Wivell, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Lowther, Colonel Granvi/e, Mr. Trelmeney, Sir Coriton,'hit.

Hoblyn, Mr. Molineux: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit de die in diem: And have Pow cr to send for Persons, Papers, and Records: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do send to every County, for an Account of what Aloney w as paid in by the Country before the 4th Day of May last.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in for restoring and Excheqwt establishing the ancient Alethods and Practice of Receipts and Issues of Alonies in his Majesty's Exchequer; and to prevent all Abuses of Officers of the Exchequer, in relation thereunto: And that Air. Lowndes and Air. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Air. Daniel reported from the Committee appointed to Comb* examine and peruse the Lists, given in by the Members siownof of the House, of a Person to be a Commissioner for exa- AcmuoU' mining and taking the publick Accounts; and to report upon whom the Choice should fall; That they had examined and perused the Lists accordingly; and that the Choice fell upon Lord Wm. Powlet, 123.

Whereupon, the Lord William Powlet stood up in his Place, and made it his Request to the House, That he might be excused from the said Employment:

And the Question being put, That the said Lord William Powlett, at his own Request, be excused from being a Commissioner for taking and stating the publick Accounts;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers

Leave of Absence.

Discount ob Bank- Bills.

Ditto.

by

9w. III. 13* — 15°

7 °5

!en.

J.|

‘4,

»r,

im*h

' ui'137 -1 ‘t

e.

itMii* t$ siie dy [*. 11.

inquhj* w, a,it

Ik tar,1'

African

Company,

r.ik,

..tti.lll. Ways and lit. 11' Meant.

M.

MJ

k-j-i

tUm

kit

klh

LiS*

4&a|

.kf4

*ita

a ^A" Kerry's Ltiitf, Eftat*.

iwl

It AIM-;£:iS

uctioot

(V*

Milfon's

Estate.

ol

hqnsfl

:a

atfdto mueis r exa-report

1 exa* rat tat

1 ellers for the Yeas,{J*j/ } ,44'

Tellers forte } .,0.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do proceed to a new Election of a Commissioner, in the room of the Lord fVm.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do proceed immediately to the Election of the said Commissioner;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tdlers for the Yeas,}, 5o.

Tellers for the Noes,{"r; . } >32-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Members put into Glasses their Lists of Names, for that Purpose; the Clerk and Cleric-Assistant going on each Side the House to receive the same.

Ordered, That the former Committee do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, to examine the said Lifts; and report to the House upon whom the said Choice shall fall.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating and settling the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lima, 15* die Februarii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Kerry Esquire,

lying in Bin-fVeston, in the County of in Trustees, to discharge Incumbrances thereon, and to raise Portions for younger Children; and for confirming the Marriage-Settlement of the said Edward Kerrywas read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, late of Charles Milfon, deceased, in Trustees, to fell, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, and to lay out the Surplus-money in Land, for the Use of Edward Milfon, and his Heirs, according to the Will of the said Charles Milfon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa6: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, late of Charles Milfon, deceased, in Trustees, to fell, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, and lay out the Surplus-money in a Purchase of Lauds, for the Use of Edward Milfon, and his Heirs, according to the Will of the said Charles Milfon.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence thereunto.

r EulYra Company.

jifr

i*

luUi

A Petition of the Clothiers of the Counties and Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That formerly the Russia Company have bought up and exported vast Quantities of the old Drapery of this Kingdom; but, since the said Company have been reduced to a few Buyers, they have not bought One for Six: That the Bill now depending in the House, for admitting Merchants into the Freedom of the Russia Company, upon Vol. XI.

reafooabie Terms, is, as they conceive, a very proper Expedient to enlarge the said Trade; and thereby to give Relief to Thousenas of poor Labourers, who are out of Employment, and reduced to great Poverty: And praying, That the said Bill may pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all the Members of the House that serve Bari of for the County of Essex, and Mr. Newport, Mr. Bromley, 4

Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Gerey, Sir Wm. be added to ham®

the Committee to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, for the Exchange of certain Advowsons between the Bishop of London and the Earl of Nottingham, is committed.

The House being informed. That the Company of Ruffin English Merchants for Discovery of new Trades attended; Company.

They were called in.

And the Bill for admitting Merchants into the Freedom of the Russia Company was read a Second time:

And also the Petition of the said Company was read.

And the Company w as heard against the Bill: And also the Petitioners for the said Bill were heard, at the Bar.

And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUercforteYe

TClers forte Noe,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sr Miles Cooke mid Sir Lacan William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Returns of to enable the Returns of Juries, as formerly, until the lft Juri*s* Day of November 1697, with feme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

They have agreed to the Amendments, made by this j^oke of House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling of James Duke of Ormond to raise Money by Sale of Woods, and making Leases for Lives, renewable for ever, for Payment of Debts, and for encouraging English Plantation in Ireland; and for Charles Lord Weston, Earl of Arran, in the Kingdom of Ireland, to makeXeafes of his Estate, in the said Kingdom.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Pultncy reported from the Committee appointed

to examine the Lifts given in by the Members of the House, upon Saturday last, for the Choice of a Commissioner for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts; and to report upon whom the Choice should fell; That the Choice fell upon James Sloan Esquire, 166.

Then the Blanks in the Bill for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom, to commence from the Expiration of the present Commission, were filled up with the Commissioners Names:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, were read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted; The House divided.

TelleraVor the Yeas, } "5-

Tellers forte Noes, } 148.

So it passed in the Negative.

8 R A Motion

Commissioners of Accounts.

15° — 16°

A. 1696.

Adjournment. A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Housebe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock;

The'House divided.

The Noes go forth.

T^for*.

Tellers for the Noes,:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

j*94-

| 42.

Martis, 16* di Februarii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Stafford's

EftaU.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable Robert Stafford Esquire to fell Lands and Tythes in Wysall, in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.'

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pais;

It passed in the Negative.

R«tums of The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Junes. Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Returns of J uries, as formerly, until the lit Day of Nove 1697. '

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 2d, L. 16, after " aflerpbled," insert. " by the " Authority aforesaid."

The laid Amendment, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Andrew St. John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this house hath agreed unto the said Amendment.

Leave of Absence.

Printing-

Preflei.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Raleigh have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Regulating A Petition of several Booksellers and Printers, in and an<* about the Cities of London and was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there being a Bill depending in the House, for Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Presses, the Petitioners are very much concerned in the Matters therein contained: And praying, That they may be heard touching the lame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Army

Arrears.

Leave of Absence.

Brewers.

A Petition of William Thompp Herbert Read, Denis Coniards, Mary Shepherd, Widow and Relict of Roger Shepherd, deceased, Serjeants, and Israel , Soldier,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served his Majesty for Six Years in the West Indies, in the Duke of Bos Regiment, now Colonel Holt's; and there is Five Years Pay, and Three Years Cloathing, due to them, which they have often demanded of the Colonels and Agents, but to no Purpose: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakewell, and other Troopers, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Freke the elder have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Brewers of London, and other Places, were referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

St. John of A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and other Church?* Officers and I nhabitants, of the Parish of St. John of Wapping, in the County of Middlsex, in behalf of the said

Parish, was presented to the House, and read;....

42

That they were lately, by Act of Parliament, constituted a Parish, and their Chapel, erected almost 100 Years since, made their Parish Church; which, being built very low aind flight, is become very much decayed; so that they must pull down the Roof, raise the Walls, and build a new Steeple; and, by a Fire lately there, in May last, the now Rector's House, and the House next adjoining, vested in him, and his Successors, by the said Act, w ere destroyed: That the said Parish consists most of Seamen, and Persons depending on the Sea Trade; who, by reason of the War, the late dreadful Fire there, and former Calamities of the same Nature, are reduced to Poverty:

That there is a Bill depending in the House, for the completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Pours, London, which is to continue a Duty

on Coals: And praying, That feme Consideration may be had to the Petitioners in the said Bill; whereby they may be enabled to raise their said Church, erect a Steeple, and complete the Building of the Rector's House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Ashton have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Arthur Owen have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Colonel Wharton reported from the Committee, to preventing whom the Bill to prevent the buying and selling Offices, the Purchase and Places of Trust, w as committed, That they had made of several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

W here the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Claui'e was offered, to be made Part of the Bill,

That it shall not extend to any Office, or Employment, in the Disposition of the Lord Mayor, Common-Council,

Court of Aldermen, or Sheriffs, of London:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Supply.

That the House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply for raising the 840,0001. Deficiency of the Money granted to his Majesty the last Session of Parliament;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for Ihe } ?>.

Tellers for the Noes,j|f; ?S

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee accordingly:

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Ma- Duties on jesty several Duties on Paper, Vellom, and other Things, Paper' c'

to

9 W. III.

to encourage the Bringing in of Plate, and hammered Money to be coined; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; be made Tomorrow Morning, immediately after the said Report from the said Committee of the whole House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 17* Februarii;

9° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Mil ward's A N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate, fx. for ve/ting of certain Lands of in

the County of Hereford, Clerk, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hammond, Sir John liucknall, Mr. Gxvyn, Sir IVLowther, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Onslow, Dr. Oxenden, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Done, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Tho. Mr. Mr.

Harley, Mr. WhitakerSir Geo. Hungerford, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Wm. Cozvper, Mr. Shakcrly, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Campion, Mr. Moncton, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Gray, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir John Mr. Hedger, Mr.

Mawdit, Mr. Price, Mr. Farrer, Mr, Morgan, Mr. Pagett, Mr. Gardner; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Lord Holies' Mr. Edzt'ard Harley reported from the Committee, to

ebw* whom the ingro/Ted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the speedy Satisfying of the Debts of Francis Lord Holies, deceased, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Wherp the same were read; and are as follow;

Press 8. L. 16, leave out " Pound," and insert " Peucc

At the End of the Bill, add Clause A: For laving unto Carr Harvey Esquire, and Isabella Carr Harvey his Sifter, all such Equity of Redemption to the Premises, in Lincolnshire, as they had before the Making of the Act.

The said Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Privilege. The House being informed, That one Robert Mtdkey, a Servant to Colonel Rode, a Member of this House, hath been arrested, by one John Richmond a Bailiff, at the Suit oi Thomas Cawen; and is detained in Custody; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Robert be discharged

from the said Arrest.

Orford Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room . of Sir Adam Felton Baronet, deceased.

707

And that Mr. Blaake, Mr. Slonehouse, Sir John Manwaring, Mr. Smith, Sir Sa. Barnardiston, be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants in and near Hay-market the Street called the Hay-market, within the Parishes of *>4vm6> * St. Martin in the Fields, and St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Streets called thp Hay-market, within the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, and St.James, within the Liberty of Westminster; which Bill, the Petitioners conceive, may be very prejudicial to the Petitioners; by reason that it may induce the Persons using the said Market, which is a great Profit to the Petitioners, to find out feme other Place for Sale of their Hay and Straw: And praying, That all Carts, loaden with Hay and Straw, coming to the said Market, may be Toll-free.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesroen, Dee and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Hundred oiNant- Navigation. wich, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making navigable the River Dee, in the County of Chester, will be of great Advantage not only to the Petitioners, by the easy Exportation of their Salt; but allb to the general Improvement of the Trade of the whole County, for the easy Conveyance of their Cheese, and other Commodities: And praying, That the said Bill may pal's into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Raw in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting broggera. forth, That, formerly, the Petitioners were supplied with Wool from the First Owners; but, of late Years, Persons, called Wool-broggers, do yearly engross the greatest Pait of the Wool of the Kingdom, beating down the Price with the First Owner, and afterwards felling it to the Clothiers, at excelfi ve Rates; and often mix good and bad Wool together, and fell it for the belt; which brings a Dispa-ragement upon our Woollen Manufactures, and will ruin them, and the Petitioners, if these evil Practices be not l'pcedliy prevented: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Bill to reliore the Market for Woollen Cloths, in Blackwell-hall and Welsh-hall, to the Clothiers, is committed: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein to the House.

Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom on the several Petitions of the Glals-makers were referred, Glafi, tcc. That they had examined the Matter thereof; the Informations in relation whereunto they had directed him to report to the House, together with their Resolution thereupon; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

16 170 Februarii,

Blackwell- Sir George Hungerford reported from the Committee, hall Market to whom the Bill to restore the Market for Woollen Cloths, in Blackwell-hall and Wtick-hall, to the Clothiers, was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee:

Vol. XI.

That the Duties laid upon Glass, Stone, Earthen Wares, and Tobacco-pipes, have Jefiened the Consumption of their Manufactures, to the Ruin of many Hundreds of Families:

That the Cheapness only of those Manufactures will cause a Consumption of them:

That, by reason of accidental Hazards and Losses, these Manufactures are not capable of bearing such Duties; and that the Use of the greatest Part of them depends more upon Fancy than Necessity:

That,

Duties on date, &c.

708 17° Februarii. A. 1696.

That, by reason of the said Duties, these Manufactures are at a Stand; and very great Numbers of People, formerly employed therein, reduced to extreme Poverty: That tire Decay of these Manufactures prevents the Consuming of many Commodities that are the Prod act of this Kingdom.

That, in order to the proving the said several Allegations, the several Examinations were taken, before the Committee, as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of the Glass-Makers, and Workmen, in and about Stourbridge:

Ananias Henzeyteftified, That the Bottle-houses there

had flopped working ever since the Duty laid upon those Commodities; that the Workmen were brought to great Want: and that each House conliimed 20 Ton of Coals weekly; and that they generally sustained 10 or 12/. per Cent. Lois, by Breaking and Flying of Bottles.

Elisha Batchdour said. That the Glass Manufacture is

of lo uncertain a Nature, that he hath paid 41. Duty to Ihe King for that Glafe that he hath not made 40 r. of Upon the Petition of the Glals-makers, and Workmen, in and about London:

John Judges testified, That he, for many Yesqrs, has worked at one of the greatest Bottle-houses in England; nod that be and others used to have Work or 45 Weeks in the Year; and that fbme Hundreds of Poor were kept employed about the said Works; but, the Discouragement the Bottle-Trade hath met with, by reason of the Duty of lid. per Dozen, he and many others have not had any Employment these 40 Weeks; by which they are reduced to such Want, as hath forced them to pawn all they have, even to their very Beds.

William Buck: That he has been Clerk to the Glass-bottle Works belonging to Captain Gutheridge, and others, these 14 Years past; and that, for Nine Years before the Duty was laid upon Glals-bottles, the said Works never ibood Hill above 9 Weeks in any One Year; but that, since the Duty, they have worked but 26 Weeks in all; and that maoy of the Bottles, made in that 26 Weeks, are yet unfold, by reason of the Advance the Duty makes thereon; and that his Masters have paid the Duty for all the Bottles made in those 26 Weeks; and since that feftained 300l. Lois, by the Breaking and Flying of those Bottles.

Captain Gutheridge: That he hath been concerned in the said Bottle-Trade for 17 Years, and found a reason-«ble Encouragement in carrying on the fame, until the Duty laid thereon; since which, for his own Share in Partnership, he hath loft 1,000l. and that, if the Duty be continued, he mull relinquish the Trade, to prevent his own Ruin.

Francis Jackson: That with 1,000l. worth of foreign Materials, which pay Custom to the Crown, is made 10,000 /. worth of the Glals Manufacture; and that, before the Duty, the Glals-Trade was brought to that Perfection in Goodness' and Cheapness, that it had all possible Encouragement, as well from Markets Abroad as at Home; for that there has been sent 4, or 5,0001. worth thereof yearly into Ire; as also considerable Quantities to Holland, tine East and West Indies, and to Vienna, and even to Venide itself:

That the States of Holland, observing. the Difficulties the Glals-makers here labour under in the said Duties, in order to gain the Artists, over, to settle their Manufac-turies there, have offered them the following Encouragements; viz.

" All things to be made convenient for their Accommodation; and that, for 25 Years, they shall be the " only Persons made use of in the Bottle-Trade there " To pay no Excise or Custom, or Custom for what " Coals, or other Provisions, they lhoald use in their " Trade, for Three Years:"

" That they, and all belonging to them, to be free,

" for the whole 25 Years, from marching out, and watching; they paying only 5 Guilders yearly, as an Acknowledgment."

And farther testified, That the Duty on Glass-warcs has lo lessened the Consumption thereof, that himself and Partners were forced to lay aside their Flint and Bottle-works at Lynn, in Norfolk , where the Trade was become lo considerable, that they consumed 600 Chaldrons of Coals yearly therein; and paid 30 /. per Week Wages to the poor People there, employed in and about the said Works; who now are become Burdens to the Parishes wherein they dwell:

That at this Time, there is so considerable a Stock of Bottles made, which has paid the Duty, that, with the Addition of 10,000 Dozen, which will pay 500l. Duty to the Crown, will answer all Demands till Lady-day next; which will much lessen the Duty in the future Collection, the Duty on Bottles alone being above Two-thirds of the Duty arising upon all the Glass Manufacture; and that the Glass Manufacture cannot be managed as other Trades may, to make their Goods as Customers may have Occasion for them, by reason the Charge of putting in and -out their Fires being 50 or 60/. they must, when they begin to work, continue till they have made a great Quantity; in a great Part of which they generally lose 10 or 12 /. per Cent, by the Breaking ana Flying thereof in the Warehouses; and by feme Sorts of Glass, which will grow out of Fashion, they lose often 20 or 30/. per Cent. and often lose 30 or 40/. a Week, by Pots breaking, and Loss of Metal.

William Hall said, That the Duty has put so great a Discouragement upon the Glals-Trade, that the Artists receive frequent and great Encouragements to go into Parts beyond the Seas; that several are already gone, fbme his own, and best. Workmen; and that the rest of his Men would have followed them before now, but that he detains them here by Play-wages, although he has no Work to employ them in; the which he doth, in hopes the said Duty will be taken off, otherwise he must be forced totally to laydown his Trade.

Mr. Jones said, That, at StMary Over's Glass-house,

he has had but 15 Weeks Works since the Duty; and that the Glass-house is offered to Sale.

Upon the Petition of the Glass-makers in and about the City of Gloucester, and:

Mr. Bakbcyn said. That in Gloucester and Newnham there are 5 Glass-houses; and not One of them have worked a Fortnight since the Duty commenced; and that what Bottles they did make in that time are not yet disposed of; by reason the great Duty laid thereon hath so lessened the Consumption of Bottles, that they are forced to lay down their Trades; whereby great Numbers of the Artists, and their Families, are reduced to so great Wants, that they are forced to apply themselves to the Parishes, in which they inhabit, for Relief, otherwise must perish: And that, notwithstanding the Year or Two past produced little or no Cyder, there was old Cyder enough in the Country to have demanded more Bottles than was made; but, by reason of the great Advance of 12 per Dozen, makes People choose to lose the Sale of their Cyder, or fell it in Calk for little, rather than to run the Hazard of putting it into Bottles at lo dear a Price; usually, their Loss being very considerable before this Advance upon Bottles, and the Breaking thereof in conveying Cyder by Land to London, and many 100 Miles otherwise.

Upon the Petition of the Glass-makers in and about the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and at in the County of York:

Mr. Broome and Mr. Middleton said, That the Trade is so greatly discouraged since the Duty laid thereon, that the Consumption thereof is lessened to that Degree, that their Stocks lie dead upon their Hands: And, that notwithstanding the great Quantities of Ales that are returned from Newcastle to London, and other Parts, which used to take off great Quantities of Bottles before the Duty enhanced the Price of them, that now the said Ales arc chiefly returned by Calk; that so much prevents the Demand for Bottles, that they have a Stock, that has paid the Duty, without making any more, that will serve the

Markets

9 W. III.

Markets for Six Months to oome: And that, unless the Duty be taken off, they cannot any longer carry on their Works.

Upon the Petition of the Pipe-makers:

Robert Wood said, That the Duty laid upon Pipes has so far lessened the Consumption of them, That Two-thirds of the People working in that Manufacture are totally unemployed; there using to be 5,000 Tons of Clay consumed yearly in making of Pipes; which made 7 or 800,000 Gross of Pipes, and employed 2,000 People, whose Children must be fed by their Labour, besides some Hundreds of People that depend on the Employment, as Diggers, Carters, Boatmen, and Seamen, employed, as well by the Coals as the Clay: That each Ton of Clay, which, in the First Cost, is but 2 s. comes, by manufacturing in London, and 20 Miles round, before the Goods made thereof are fit for Use, to 10/. 10s.: and, before the Duty, there was, in that Distance, manufactured about 2,000 Ton:

That, before the Duty of 18 d. per Gross, which is 150/. per Cent. laid upon all glazed Pipes, those very Pipes were sold for 5d. 6d. and 7d.per Gross; and those unglazed, which were sold for 12d. now' pay 12d. Duty: Which Duty upon glazed Wares has, in a great measure, prevented the making any of that Commodity in the Country:

That their Sea-Trade is abundantly lessened, and in Danger of being wholly lost; by reason, that those that were their Customers correspond with Holland and Ireland \; and can be furnished there cheaper, and with less Trouble.

Mr. Baldzn/n said, That, before the Duty, he employed Six Persons; but now can but Two; and they out of Duty, being his Father and Mother-in-Law; who are not able to earn 6^. per Week.

Thomas Austin said, That, before the Duty, he kept 20 Men at work, and now but 4; the rest being, for want of Employment, reduced to extreme Necessity, even to Begging.

Upon the Petition of the Pot-makers:

JSathauidl Parker said, That it has been a Work of great Charge and Difficulty to settle the Stone Manufacture in this Kingdom; which now will be destroyed, if the Duty be continued that is now laid thereupon: And saith, That he hath no Employment for his Workmen; that the Goods already made remain in his and the Pot-maker s Hands; that they cannot sell so much in the Whole as will serve to pay the Workmen they used to employ; that the Pot-makers are utterly unable to carry on their Trade.

Richard Crew said, That this Duty lays 101, per Cent. upon the White Earthen Manufacture; which has occasioned the loss of this Trade; not having had any Work these 10 M'ceks past; and, for want of a Sale of their Stocks, the Masters are not able to pay their Workmen the Wages they owe them: That he is a Journeyman, and knows that the Goods which he, with the rest of his Fellow-Servants, have made, remain on his Masters Hands, and cannot be disposed of: That the Manufacture is at a stand, and will be entirely destroyed.

Jonathan Chilxvdl: That there has been no Work at Foxhall for 7 Weeks past; nor ever expect any more there, if the Duty be continued; it being a very poor Manufacture, and not able to answer the same: That the Pot-makers could never profit 10/. perCent. heretofore; for that, if they had exceeded their wonted Prices, other Vessels, of Pew ter, Tin, §c. would have been used, rather than Earthen-Pots; because of their being very liable to break: That, the Duty now amounting to 10L per Cent. the Trade is fallen; for the Journeymen have not earned so much by 300l. this Year, as they used to do in other Years, at this One Pot-house.

John Barlow: That there has been no Work at Putney in the said Trade for great Part of the Winter; and the Warehouses are full of the Commodity; for which the King's Duty is paid; without any Demands of the said Goods by Customers: That he knows the said Trade has Vol. XI.

7°9

not been any ways so much impeded, or stood still, for i&3 Years past, as since the Commencement of the Duty laid thereupon: That, if the Duty be continued, the Trade cannot be revived.

Sam. Sewell, and John Slerney and many other Journeymen, testified to the same Purpose.

And all add, That, by the best Account they can get, the whole Duty does not amount to 2,000l. per Ann.: And verily believe their Calculation is true; but refer themselves to the Commissioners Books of Accounts; which they prayed might be produced: That they believed, the Charge of collecting will be found to amount to a greater Sum; which they likewise prayed the Commissioners might discover; to the end it might appear, how little the clear Product is to his Majesty.

William Knight John Dezrilder, Master Pot-makers,

declared, Their Work-houses are at a stand; and that they are unable to pay their Journeymen, and carry on their Trade, because of the said Duty; their Goods, already made, remaining on their Hands.

That it appears, by the Commissioners Account appointed for receiving the said Duties, That the Dutyrt'or Four Months amounts to about 1,453/.

From whence the Petitioners observe, That, lrU 12 Months, the Duty cannot amount to more than 4,354/.': And, considering the Four first Months were in the Summer, and that the Pot-makers do not make much in the Winter, and that his Majesty must be at Charge in collecting the said Duty, the Petitioners insisted, there could not be 2,000l. per Ann. resting to the King: And alleged, That there are upwards of 3,000 Persons depending on the Manufacture; and many of them reduced to extreme Want and Poverty; and, if the Duty be continued, the Manufacture of Stone and Earthen-ware will be utterly ruined and destroyed.

Mr. Dalby Thomas, One of the Commissioners appointed for receiving the said Duties upon Glass, Stone, EarthenWares, and Tobacco-pipes, being asked, What} in his Opinion, the Duties w'ould amount to? said, That, if this Honourable House thinks fit to give Leave to havG it farmed, there are Persons ready to give for the Duty on Glass-wares, 20,000 Lper Ann.; and for the other Duties on Stone, Earthen Wares, and Tobacco-pipes, 30,000/; per Ann.:

But the Committee did not think themselves sufficiently impowered to inquire into that Matter.

Mr. Thomas further said, That the Stop of Trade is, in Expectation of the Duty being taken off; but if it be continued, the Houses will proceed in their Wo*k, and the Kingdom be supplied with their Commodities: And that the Reason of the Glass-mens underselling their Commodities is, to ruin one another: And that they will not sell great Quantities of Glass to the Retailers, though tendered ready Money; but only in small Parcels:

To prove which, he called;

Mr. Abthoip: Who said, He sent his Man to Mr.

Jacksons, with 71, to lay out in Glass-wares; but, upon his Return, told him, Mr. Jacksons Servants would not let him have above 3 /. w orth.

Mr. Jackson said, Mr. Abthoi'p, and other Retailers, insisted upon such Rebates that he could not sell at; and that he had lost 1,000l. by his Trade the last Year: And, inasmuch as, if the Duty be continued, he must give over his Trade, hoped he might sell what Stock he had left at what Prices he could, for his Advantage.

Then Mr. Dalby Thomas, the Commissioner, delivered in to the Committee, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Produce of the Glass Duty, in the several Quarters, since the Commencement thereof; as also Abstracts thereof; and of the other Duties on Earthen-wares and Tobacco-pipes: Whereby the net produce of the same are as follow; viz.

Upon Glass, from the 28th of September 1695. to the 17th November £. s. <1.

1696.....13,420 ——

Upon Earthen and Stone Wares, from the 17th May last to the 29th September

8 S following;

170 Februarii.

Duties on Glass, &c.

Duties on Glass, &c.

following; and on Tobacco-pipes, the 10th October last

170 — r 8° Februarit.

A. 1696.

Whereout, the Petitioners observed, to be deducted for Debentures for Glasswares, at the Port of ,more than

by the Commissioners said Account, as appeared by an Account from the Commissioners of the Customs -

to £. s. d. raising the Sum of 840,000l. charged upon the Duties

- 7,748 3 i laid upon Salt, and upon Coals, and Culm, and Touags

----- ----- - — of Ships, taken away the last Session of Parliament, for

21,168 9 41 which the Provision then made has proved defective,

a Duty be laid upon Leather;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

834 15 9

remaining

o

Then the the several Duties, amount to

net Produce of in the Whole, will 7 20,333

Tellers for the Yeas /Mr*

1 eiiei s lor the \ eas,|Sir Hm Co[(.

T^for the^s

j*59-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put there ----- ----- ----- ----- upon, agreed unto by the House.

Which said Sum of 20,333/. 135. 7 d.\will be much , That a Bill be broughtirt, pursuant to the said

reduced, by the Deductions to be allowed for Debentures Resolutions: And that Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Attorney-at Bristol, Newcastle, and Shields, upon the Exportation General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowndes, do of the said Manufactures from those Parts, beyond what prepare, and bring in, the Bill, is allowed by the Commissioners Accounts; as also, for

13 7t

Leave of Absence.

Privilege —

Glass already made, and for which the Duty hath been paid; whereof a considerable Part will be exported, and the Remainder supply the Consumption at home.

And that, upon Consideration of the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties laid upon Glass, Stone, Earthen Wares, and Tobacco-pipes, brings in but little Advantage to the King, and are grievous to those concerned in the several Manufactures; and that, if the said Duties are continued, the said Manufactures will be in Danger of being lost to this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Colonel Web have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

That

A Complaint being made to the House,

Publication of I)ycr, News-Letter-Writer, had, in his Letter of the 16th iocee mgs. instant> presumed to intermeddle with the Proceedings of this House:

Which Letter was delivered in at the Table; and read: Ordered, That John Dyer, News-Letter-Writer, for undertaking in his News-Letter to give an Account of the Proceedings of this House, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

,pp]y# Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day,

reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply, for raising the 840,000l. Deficiency of the Money granted to his Majesty the last Session of Parliament, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, reported, Supply Bill;

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Duties on Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Paper, ^aper'&c-Vellom, and other Things, to encourage the Bringing in of Plate, and hammered Money, to be coined; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put upon several of them, agreed unto by the House.

The Clause touching the Plate being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,?r0"'lcU' [Mr. Lxzcynn:

Tellers for the NoesJ

[Mr. white:

} 158.

145-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause wras offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That no white Rags shall be used in the Making of brown Paper, under a Penalty:

And the same was tw ice read; and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered to be added to the Bill, That the Patentees for making white Writing-paper in Ireland may export from 1 Vales, and the Northern Counties of England, into Ireland, any Rags, and other Materials, for making such Paper; notwithstanding any

That, for raising the Sum of 840,000l. charged upon the fifing in the Act of 2° Gid' 8$ to the contrary;

The same w as once read And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Nine a Clock.

Morning,

Duties laid upon Salt, and upon Coals, and Culm, and Tonage of Ships, taken away the last Session of Parliament, for which the Provision then made has proved defective, a Duty be laid upon Leather.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty upon Leather be Fifteen Pound per Cent, ad Valorem, to be paid by the Tanner or Dresser thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, over and above the Duties already payable, the like Duty of 15 /. per Cent, ad Valorem, be laid upon all Leather to be imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duties upon Leather be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Three Years.

The First of the said Resolutions being read a Second fiRDERED, That Sir Ashurst, Sir Bamar-time; Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Winington, Mr. Foley, Sir sinecure.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree Cha. Keymish, Mr. Harley, Mr. be added to the

with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, for Committee, to whom the Bill for re-vesting the Sinecure of 23 Llandinam,

Jovis, 18* die;

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

95.

' lor

:C5vb

>33.

?ad a Sere-

ierai!

)nier-

'Ortd^,

n the its 3aper, ;in'T in ud ter lilted: id 3; red ir. reread

M

ree:d

OiLTfi

1,

p"

j*

mil: t:.e:e-

US

.iitlt;

fled itute

eE

per c

ip:

pi

it;

9 W. III.

8° Feiruarii.

711

in

ro*

SavileV

Estate.

JT'>

Iis ai

Llamdinam, in the County of Montgomery, in Spade-

man, in Trust for Joseph is committed.

Stour Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Navigation, making the River Stour, in the Counties of Suffolk and Essex, navigable: And that Sir Gervas Elwes and Sir William Ashurst do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Haymarket Ordered, That Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bertie, Sir John -

Paving, tec.SOns, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Yates, Sir Fran. Mr.

Paget, Mr. Onslow, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Hay-market, in the Parishes of St. James' and St. Martins, is committed.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of Mary Savile, an Infant, upon her Marriage, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed hint to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Dee Ordered, That Mr. Gell do produce to this House his

Waste Lands. Grant of waste Lands upon the River Dec.

Rygate, &c. Mr- Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom

Roads. the Bill for repairing and amending the Lane called Horshill, leading from to Iiookwood Common,

and a Lane called Bonehuin the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and , then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Surrey and

sex, at their Quarter-Sessions, may appoint Three Persons of each Count}-, to view the said Lanes; and examine into the Surveyors Accounts; and certify Abuses to the Judges of Assize, if they find any:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Excise Mr. Harcourt, according to the Order of the Day,

Duties, reported from the Committee, to whom the several Peti-

tions of the Brewers were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon the Brewers First Petition, they insisted, That the Commissioners of Excise had, under colour of the late Act, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits, of the First Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brew ers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; made an Order contrary to the Intent of that Act, in these Words following;

" It being enacted, in the late Act for laying certain " Duties upon low Wines, fyc. That, in case of a party " Guile, the Brewer shall declare to the Gauger how " much Strong, and how much Small, he intends to make " of such Guile; and shall continue all the said Strong Beer " in his Tuns until all the said Small Beer shall be carried " out, and delivered; and in case such Brewer shall re-Vo l. XI.

" fuse to declare his Length, or shall permit the Strong " Beer to be carried out of his Tuns until the said Small " Beer shall be carried out, and delivered, such Gauger " shall charge and return the Whole of such Guile to be " Strong; and such Brewer shall pay the Duties thereof " accordingly;

" We do therefore direct, That, in all party Guiles of " Beer the Officers do charge the whole Guile to be " Strong; it being incumbent upon the Brewer to prove,

" That all such Small was carried out, and delivered,

" before any of the Strong Beer was cleansed, or carried " out of his Tuns."

1? r\er t j Steph. Evance, J.

' Excise-Office, London, Ffp f,

2x3,

And they further insisted, That, by the express Words of that Act, " In party Guiles," the whole Guile was not to be charged as Strong, unless the Brewers should refuse to declare to the Gauger how much of his Brewing he intended to make into Strong, and how much into Small, before any Part of his Guile is cleared; or should permit any Part of the Strong Beer to be carried out of his Tuns, until the Small Beer should be carried out, and delivered:

That they suffered great Hardships by that Order, although they complied with the Terms prescribed by the Act:

That the Brewers, by reason of this Charge, are forced, after every Brewing of party Guiles of Beer, to attend the Commissioners of Excise, and bring many Witnesses to their Office; and have often long Delays, and many Attendances, before they can be cleared; though the Gaugers, in many such Cases, have nothing to object against them when they are heard:

That in a party Guile of Sir John Parsons, brewed 19th October 169b, the Gaugers gave a Note in Writing, under their Hands, of the particular Quantities of Strong and Small, as they were required by the late Act; and another Note, That the Small was gone; yet, by reason of the Order of the Commissioners, returned the Whole as Strong:

That Sir John Parsons was heard before the Commissioners; who were divided in their Opinions, and so gave no Judgment; whereby Sir John Parsons has been forced to pay for his whole Guile as Strong, and 40 Barrels of the same as Small: So the very same Drink has paid the Duty both of Strong and Small.

In Answer to these Facts it was insisted on, by the Commissioners of Excise, That, by the Meaning of the Act of Parliament, the Small was to be carried out, and delivered to the Brewers Customers, before the Strong was to be carried out of their Tuns:

That, unless the Brewer was put to prove a Delivery to his Customer, that Provision in the Act, That the Small should be carried out, and delivered, would be ineffectual.

Twas agreed, That they did make such an Order: which was signed and dated as aforesaid.

The Reason which was given for making that Order was, That the King was very much cheated of his Duty for want of it: That it was a Practice of some of the Brewers to carry out their Small Beer, under Pretence of delivering it to their Customers; but privately bring it back, and mix it with their Strong.

One Instance of this kind w as proved to the Committee, against Mr. Ansty a Brewer, on the 11 th of May last; which was before the making the Order; and some few other Instances, since the making the Order, w'ere proved, and urged as an Argument to continue that Order.

Upon Examination of this Matter, several of the Commissioners of Excise appeared before the Committee; viz.

Mr. Onslow declared, He wus present at making the said Order; but thought that Order might be inconvenient, especially to the Country Brewers; and doubted whether the late Act would warrant it; and therefore

would not sign it.

JVfr.

18° Februarii. A. 1696.

Mr. Strong was out of Town when that Order was passed: But declares, on Consideration of the Order, he does not approve it: That he thinks it a hard Order to be used, in all Cases, where no Suspicion of Fraud appears; and therefore is for reversing it.

Sir John Foch and Mr. Parry, Two other Commissioners who signed the Order, declared, They had not fully considered the Order before they signed it: but, on Consideration of the Act of Parliament, thought it not justifiable: And, upon hearing the Complaints of the Brewers, found it to be very inconvenient; and therefore have often moved the Board to vacate it. And,

Sir Steph. Evance also declared, He was of the same

Opinion.

Mr. Meadows declared, He did not sign the Order, and has been always doubtful concerning the Legality of it; and was desirous to have Mr. Attorney General's Opinion upon it.

The Reason offered why this Order was not revoked was, That unless Mr. Onslow, Sir John Foch, Sir Stephen Evance, Mr. Parry, Mr. Strong, were all present at the same time, the Order could not be reversed:

That, after the Order was made, some Part of the time, Mr. Onslow was out of Town, upon his Majesty's Affairs; some other Part of the time, Sir John Foch was out of Town: That, after they came to Town, Sir Sicph. Evance was very seldom at that Board till the Meeting of the Parliament; and 'twas then expected the Case would come before the Parliament.

Mr. Everard was not a Commissioner when the Order was made; but thinks the Order inconvenient, and impracticable in the Country; but believes it legal.

That 'twas insisted, by Mr. Danvers and Mr. Everard, Two of the Commissioners, That, after that Order was made, and the Validity of it- contested, it seemed to be the Sense of the Board, That Mr. Attorney-General's Opinion should be taken upon that Order; but that it was neglected: And therefore Mr. Danvers and Mr. Everard drew' a Case; and thereupon they had Mr. Attorney-General's Opinion:

But, it appeared, That on Examination thereof, that the Case carried to Mr. Attorney-General was drawn up and carried by Mr. Danvers and Mr. Everard, w ithout the Knowledge of the Commissioners, who were against the Order: That the Case never mentioned the Order of the 2Sth of il lay, nor w'as that Order shown to Mr. Attorney-General w hen he gave his Opinion.

That, on Examination of the other Petitions, Two . Clauses were complained of by the Petitioners:

1st, The Clause whereby they were obliged to carry out, and deliver, all their Small Beer before the Strong was to be removed out of the 'Funs:

That, by reason of that Clause, the Brewers, if their Customers did not receive all their Small Beer, were forced to throw' it away, lest it should be charged as

«/ J m o

Strong; or else must keep the Strong in the Tuns so long that it might be spoiled; especially in the Country, where they often carry their Small Beer several Miles to their Customers.

That the other Clause was relating to Drink returned

O

to the Brewers, by their Customers.

The Brewers insisted, That the Intent of that Clause, relating to Returns, was not only to indemnify them against the Penalty, if 'twas mixed with a new Brewing, in Presence of the Gauger, but to excuse from paying the Duty a Second time: That it is against Reason the Drink should pay a Duty twice, where there is no Fraud in the Brewer.

'Twas answered, and proved, by the Commissioners, That, since the Act made 22* I which gives the Brewer an Allowance for Waste, by Filling, Leakage, and all other Losses and Damages, no Allowance has ever been made for Returns; and ever since has been practised so.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Clause, relating to party Guiles, in the late Act, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon low Wines, or Spirits, of the First Extraction; and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise; is inconvenient to the Brewers in and impractica-

ble in the Country.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Brewer do prepare,'and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|JJj‘

Tellers for the Noes,|^f

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That it be committed to Sir Philip Butler, Sir Fran.Masham, Mr. Brewer, Sir Wm. Honytcood,

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. HeveninghaSir Rowland Gxtyn,

Mr. Colt, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. ton, Mr. Norris, Sir Godj. Coply, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Austen, Sir Wm.Twisden, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Mr.

Onslow, Mr. diamond, Mr. lFalpole, Mr. Arnold, Sir Jo. Cotton, Sir John Boltes, Mr. Paget, Mr. Yates, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sanford, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Jos. Tily, Colonel

Granvile, Sir IVm. Coxepcr, Sir Jo. Phillips, Mr. Campion, Sir Isaac Rebow, Sir John Fagg, Mr. JHonson, Mr. Clark,

Sir Cha. Sid/ey, Sir Echo. Seaward, Mr Mr.

Mr. Ash, Mr. Perry: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Account of the Informations from the Commissioners of the Customs, touching the Exportation of Wool, which lies on the' Table, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Secretary Trumbull acquainted the House, That he had a Message from the King, in W riting, signed by his Majesty, to deliver to the House:

V hich he delivered accordingly.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

HIS Majesty, finding himself under very great Difficulties, for Want of Money, to supply the Occasions of the Civil List, has thought it necessary to remind the House of that Part of his Speech, which relates to that Head; desiring that speedy Care may be taken to make effectual Provision for it.

Whereupon, his Majesty's Speech to both Houses, at the Opening of this Session of Parliament, was read:

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House, according to the Order of the Day,

resumed

Rebow:

}'01

Preventing Exportation of Wool.

Message from the King-Civil List.

King's Lyw Port.

0 ‘ft

was,

\v the

o the and

->:pGr- ly' \ k

tconJ

t.: 'HJiJ

rf tie

jioi,

In.

Ur.

ut(i

j/.l

r -h t.Pd-

t.t;

r-p»

)> ? of the

lit

ke

at

eJ

Dm Waste Lands.

Dec Navigation.

Ditto.

p W. III.

18° — 190

7*3

resumed the adjourned Debate, touching the Commitment titioners of their Titles to the said Commons, but is also of the Bill for the better Preservation of the Navigation of to lay a Duty upon all Coals and Lime brought to Chester;

the Port of King's-Lym, in the County of Norfolk:

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|j1- 1

\ Mr. Sloans:

71.

Ditto.

T«UOTferth.No«>{£|^.

So it palfed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 19* die Februarii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prate rs.

A PETITION of the poor Commoners uling and enjoying Salines/ Marsh, and the Commons, in the County of Flint, adjoining to the River Dee, was prefer) ted to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Ancestors, have, Time out of Mind, enjoyed the Benefit of the said Common; without the Help of which they cannot support their indigent Families; being most of them Cottagers of small Holdings: That they are informed, Francis Gell Esquire hath gotten a Grant of the said Marsh and Commons, and intends to turn the Petitioners out of their Possessions: And praying such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making the River Dee, in tire County of Chester, navigable, is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and others, inhabiting in Worrall, in the County of Chester, was presented to the

House, and read; letting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Dee, in the County of Chester, navigable, will most certainly be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, in case it should pass; and will undoubtedly divelt them of their ancient Rights, enjoyed Time out of Mind; And praying, That the said Bill may not pals, lb as to prejudice the Petitioners Rights.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, and others. Inhabitants in the Hundred of Worrall, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there is a Bill under the Consideration of the House, for making navigable the River Dee, in the County of Chester; which Bill, if it should pals, will not only bring many Inconveniencies upon the Petitioners, but will allb take away their ancient Rights, enjoyed by them, and their Ancestors, Time out of Mind: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlmen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Flint, on behalf of themselves, and others, Freeholders and Inhabitants, within the County of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are informed. That Francis Gell Esquire hath obtained a Grant of all Commons in the said County, adjoining to the River Dee, extending about 24 Miles in Length, and 5 Miles in Breadth; which Commons the Petitioners, and their Ancestors, have quietly enjoyed. Time out of Mind: That there is a Bill before the House, for making navigable the River Dee, in the County of Chester; which will not only divest the Pe-Vol. XI.

which will be very oppressive: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That tJie Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other De* Navi-Inhabitants, of the Hundred of B in the Country ®*°u. of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making navigable the River Dee, in the County of Chester, will procure great Advantages to the Petitioners, by the Increase of Trade, and Exportation of the Product of the Country, and Cheaper Importation of foreign Commodities: And praying, That the said Bill may pals, for the publick Good.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Ditto, the Inhabitants, within the Hundred of Worrall, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are highly sensible, the Bill, depending in the House, for making the River Dee, in the County of Chester, navigable, will be of great and publick Advantage to the Petitioners, and all others inhabiting near the fame, as well by the Increase of Seamen, as by Exportation of the of the Country:

And praying the Consideration of the House in favour of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon this Day Seven- j)itto night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Refitor, Churchwardens, and Mem- st. Botolph'* bers of the Vestry, of the Parish of SBotolph, Bishopsgate, Church, in London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish Church is much decayed, and kept up by Cramps of Iron, and the Steeple is ready to fall; the said Church being adjudged to be in more Danger of falling than any other Church within the Bills of Mortality; and that the Parishioners, who are extremely burdened with Poor, are not able sufficiently to repair, or rebuild, the said Church: And praying, That feme Allowance may be given towards rebuilding the said Church

out of the.....Coals imported into the Port of

or in such other Manner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, is committed.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday c<iH of the Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then House. attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House; notwithstanding any former Leave given for their going into the Country.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the buying and selling Preventing of Offices and Places of Trust was read the Third time. the purchase Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title sale of

be, An Act to prevent the Buying and Selling of Offices ces‘

and Places of Trust.

Ordered, That Colonel Wharton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the speedy Satisfying of the Debts of Francis late Lord Holies, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals. Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the

8 T Lords,

Lord Holies' Debt*.

7*4 *9* — '20* Februa *$96.

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Capture of A Petition of several Merchants trading to and

Oltend Ships, other Parts of Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there being a considerable Number of English Merchant Ships lately at Spithead, bound from Ireland and Topsham to Flanders, under Convoy of a Spanish Man of War, Notice was sent from Ostend to England, That many Privateers were gone out of Dunkirk to intercept them; which Advice was communicated to Mr. Bridgman, One of the Secretaries of the Admiralty, on the 8thinstant; and on the 11th, the said Merchant-ships came to an Anchor in Dover Road, for Intelligence; but, finding none there, they failed away; and, on the 12th instant, fell into the Enemy's Hands, who have taken above 20 of them; which might have been prevented, if the Lords of the Admiralty had sent due Advice to the Downes, or Dover: And praying the House to inquire into the Loss of the said Fleet.

Ordered, That Mr. Paul Bowen, and Mr.

Secretary to the Admiralty, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account of the Matter contained in the said Petition. '

General Na- Colonel Wharton, according to Order, presented to the turalization. House a Bill for a general Naturalization: And the same was received.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Edward Kerry Esquire, lying, in Estate.

Bin-Weston, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to discharge Incumbrances thereon, and to raise Portions for younger Children; and for confirming the Marriage-Settlement of the said Edward Kerry; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Price,

Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bal Mr. Watlwgton, Sir Tho. Middleton, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Edw. Kinaston, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mr.

Tho. Foley, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Fra. Molyneur, Mr.

Manley, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bank's, Sir Edward,

Mr. Shakerley, Colonel Grarmile, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Brotherton, Sir John Robinson, Sir Fran. and

all that serve for the Counties of Salop and Hereford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamlier.

Sir William Strickland, according to Order, presented Briflky to the House a Bill for the Repair of the Piers of Bridling- Harboua ton Bay, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill for a general Naturalization be General Na-read the First time Today, at Twelve a Clock. turalization.

Bringin'; in Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself coined0 into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur-co ne ' ther of the Bill for encouraging Persons to bring in their

O O O

wrought Plate, to be coined.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-Means. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbali, 20° die Februarii;

Ordered, That Colonel Rolls have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. panton'i Meredeth: Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton Esquire in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his Wife: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Venables have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Bill to prevent the Bribing and Corrupting, of Jurors Preventing was read a Second time. Corruption

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, otJurols-Sir Wm. Scawen, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Mr. Blaake,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Manley, Mr, Baldwyn, Mr. Gery, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Heveningham,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr. Burlington, Sir Wm.Williams, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Wm. Low-

tiler, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Maxcdit, Mr. Palmes, Lord Rant-la gh, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Phil.Butler, Mr. Moor, Mr. Clark: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Earl of Not- /TR. Dolben reported from the Committee, to whom tingham's xVX the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for the Exchange of certain Advowsons between the Bishop of London and the Earl of Nottingham, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Blathxvaite have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Edmund Webb have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Blackett have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House being informed, That Mr. Bridgman, and Capture of Mr. Batven attended, according to Order; Ostend Ships

They were called in; and they gave the House an Account of the Matter relating to the Petition of the Merchants trading to Ostend, and other Ports of Flanders:

And several of the Petitioners were also called in; and examined touching the fame.

And then withdrew.

And a Letter was delivered in to the House, written from Ostend, dated the 15th instant, New Stile, to Mr.

Bowen, and received by him the 8th instant, Old Stile:

25 Which

Jfe*

3

s ior

hict,

4 (W, Mr. Mr. *orrf ' Mr.; and W; :k, ia

Nn

n'4- iia

And

bnbs:,

ti

itotiti Is. !a

dllr.,

Is

Sir

'irein

curia?

reiGi

to tie i* *2

Iijrdfj r f;

jk "

kit,

La-

ibr

It

Jte

Qttf

re to;

inary

ary

,1c-

Iff*

fc

ck

W. III. 20° — 22® Fehmarii.

Which Letter was read; giving an Account of the Dunkirk Squadron being gone out to intercept a Fleet hound from Ireland and to An Abstract of which Letter was lent to the Secretary of the Admiralty the 9th Iustant.

Resolved, That the Letter of Intelligence from Out end, which was laid before the Lords of the Admiralty, in relation to the Ships coming from Ireland and Topsham, was a sufficient Ground for them to communicate the Intelligence therein to the Port of Dover, and other Ports, for the greater Security of Trade.

General Ordered, That the Bill for a general Naturalization be

"Naturali*- WJU| p^ft (j^jg Upon Monday Morning next, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

African Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven*.

Company, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating and settling the Trade to Africa.

Supply. The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

lolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Thursday last, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of die Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That ttiey had considered the Matter to them referred, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next

Bringing in Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Plate to be whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging Persons

coined. to (jring jn their wrought Plate, to be coined, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Panton't for veiling Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton Esquire Estate. in Trullees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

Sir William Bowes, according to Order, presented to the Preservation House a Bill for the better Relief of the Subject against of Weirs and Dams, which take and destroy Fish, and the Fry of Fish, within the Rivers of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

The Bill w'as read the First....

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Henry Goodrich acquainted the House, That his Answer t# Majesty, having been attended by feme of his Privy- Address. Council, who are Members of this House, with the Ad-drels relating to the Accounts of the Regiment lately commanded by Colonel Fillers, who pleased to say, That he would give Order to have the Accounts stated; and that Right should be done.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses, and of the Wool-President, Wardens, and AlMants, of the Company of broggers. Clothiers, in the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of IF orcester, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the

Clothiers inhabiting within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, for , many Years past, several Persons, called Wool-broggers, have ingrossed all the Wool in the Countries into their own Hands; so that the Clothiers cannot get Wool for their Occasions, but at what Rate those Broggers please; who mix the coarse W'ool with the fine, and fell it for the best Sort; which is wrought up for such; to the Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacture: And praying the Consideration of the House therein, That feme speedy Remedy may be provided for preventing the many Inconveniencies arising the reby.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for restoring the Market for Woollen Cloths in Blackwell-hall, and Welsh-hall, to the Clothiers, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Yates have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Luiue, 22* die Februarii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Ordered, That Mr. Stevens have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Rygate, Ac. Roads.

Goodwin's

Estate.

Prays.rs.

JIA'ATHEW Fartjoux took the Oaths appointed, i order to his Naturalization.

in

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and amending the Lane called HorshiU, leading from Rygate to Hookzvood Common and a Lane called Bonehurst, in the Parish of -ley, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Highway between Rygate, in the County of Surrey, and Crawley, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Whitaker reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Nicholas Goodwin the elder, and the younger, to fell the Manor of Winslow, in the County of Bucks; and, with the Money arising the reby, and other Monies to be advanced by the said Nicholas Goodwyn the elder, to purchase Lauds, of greater yearly Value, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Manor is now settled; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And be delivered the same in at the Table.

Vox,. XI.

A Petition of Robert Inns, now Ensign in the Lord Inns' Peti-Strathnavours Regiment of Foot, was presented to the tlon-House, and read; setting forth, That # *

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hake-well, and other Troopers, was referred;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Vintners, Innholders, Keepers of Petition from Livery Stables, Alehouse-keepers, and Retailers of Strong Kmgfton Waters, <S)'C. Inhabitants within the Town of upon Hull.

upon Hull, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Ashly have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Cary have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Try have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for general Naturalization was, according to General Order, read the First time. Naturali^a-

And tisB'

1

l"

7i6

22° — 2 Februarii.

A. 1696.

Lord Hollet' Debts.

Supplj.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part

}i30.

of the Bill.

Also an Amendment being proposed to be made in the Bill, as to Plate having the Hall-Mark thereupon:

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and

put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Noes,{^3 j 120.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, after Twelve a Clock; and nothing Sir Robert to intervene. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill to enable Edward Leigh'i A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Leigh Esquire, and Jane his Wife, and their Trustees, to Sir Robert Legard: fell the Manors of JVxvham and Horsey, and certain Lands

Mr. Speaker, and Tenements, in the County of Norfolk; and to pur-

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by chafe and settle other Lands to the same Uses; with some this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the speedy Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of

satisfying the Debts of Francis late Lord Holies, deceased. this House. Also,

----- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Prohibiting

to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, 4c CUtt' and all Callicoes printed or stained there, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Bringing in Plate to be coined.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697, the Rel'olution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697.

The said Rel'olution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider further of the said Supply.

The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging Persons to bring in their wrought Plate, to be coined, was committed, the Amendments, made by the said Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

Clause A being read a Second time, That after the lft Day of December 1696, the Tenderof all hammered Silver Money, in any Payment to be made, at 5 2 per Ounce,

shall be adjudged to be a Tender of so much of the lawful Coin of the Kingdom, as the same shall amount unto at that Rate;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Residue of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the Exchequer to advance a Sum of Money, to pay for such Plate as it should be brought in; with Blanks:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled

The said Amendments to the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, were read; and are as follow; viz.

In the Title, L. 1, after " restrain," add " and prohibit:"

L. 4, after " India," add "and all other

Ditto.

tt

there," read out ‘ and other foreign add " and also all

to wear, or: or any other

foreign Parts

And, at the End of the Title, for ‘ of this Realm

Skin 1. L. 4, after " India" add Parts

L. 21, after " Kingdom, other wrought Silks imported

L. 32, after " there," add " and also all other wrought Silks imported

I,. 38, after " Tweed," add Skin 2. L. 4, after " so," add " worn:

L. 27, after " together," add,' wrought Silks imported

L. 32, after " Callicoes," add " or other wrought Silks imported Skin 3. L. 6, after " Callicoes," add wrought Silks imported

L. 9, after " aforesaid," add " or other foreign Parts

L. 14, after " aforesaid," add foreign Parts."

Resolved, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committed

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

<c

or

other

or any other

Mortis, 23" die Februarii; 9* Gulielmi Tertii.

pRA YEKS.

up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto AyT R. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the Lord Fair-by the House to be made J^rt of the Bill. _ 1.VA House a Bill for enabling the Right Honourable to* Elia

Thomas Lord Fairfax to raise Monies, charged by the Culpeper, on his Estate: And the same was

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, against buying hammered Money, under 55. id. per Ounce:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That any Person may pay their Taxes in Plate:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question

late Lord received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act; Goodwm'i to enable Nicholas Goodwin the elder, and Nicholas Estate.

Goodwyn

11 ti*

;lj.

be

j tan "C06

I pro

lose

"oc!

')'ea

other

oita

m

:r fc-

ether

iti.

iai

pW.III.

2 3®- — 240 Februarii.

7*7

Goodzcyn the younger, to sell the Manor of Winslow, in the soon after, understanding he was a Bailiff, and that he County- of Bucks; and, with the Money arising the reby, was carried before a Justice, for a Breach of Privilege, and other Monies to be advanced by the said — vi, p",;,;'n',r thon

s,toii,

-andj

pur-

lotne

of

|>A5 ft

lgsli bt

lose ice of

I pint)'* Estate.

Nicholas

Goodwin the elder, to purchase Lands of a greater yearly Value, to be settled to the satne Uses as the said Manor is now settled; was read the 1 liird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. '

Ordered, That Mr. Whitaker do carry the Bill to the Cords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Eduard Leigh Esquire, and Jane his Wife, and their Trustees, to sell the Manors of and Horsey, and certain Lands and Tenements, in the

in assaulting Mr. Moncton, the Petitioner then went to inquire after his Sledge, and was taken up himself; though the Sledge was taken out of his Shop, as aforesaid, and he no way privy to the Design, as the Petitioner can prove by several Witnesses: And praying, That the Truth of the Matter may be examined.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of Woof-the Company of Clothiers, in the City of Coventry, in broggers. behalf of themselves, and other Manufacturers in the said

County of Norfolk; and to purchase and settle other City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

James'

Estate.

Lands to the same Uses:

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

6 Press, L. 12. for " Waxsioncham," read " sliam

L. 14. The same:

L. .37. The same:

L. 40. The same:

7 Press, L. 5. The same:

10 Pr. L. 33. The same:

14 Pr. L. 7. alter " Edward," read "

The said Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Brothertodo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Baidu"ynreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting and settling certain Estates of William James Gentleman in and upon Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and their Children, w-as committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill: which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

That the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture is grossly abused by Wool-broggers; it being now the Practice of most Tradesmen to buy up the Wool in the Country; thereby undermining the Manufacturer, and deluding the Grower from bringing his Wrool to the publick Market, to be sold; and keep it up so, that the Clothiers are constrained to buy their W'ool of such Engrossers at such a dear Rate, that he must lose by his Goods when made up into Cloth; to the great Discouragement of the Cloathing Trade, and Ruin of many Thousand Families employed therein; the Clothiers not being able to carry on their Trades at that Rate: And praying the Consideration of the House and Relief in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for restoring the Market for Woollen Cloths at and Wilch-

hall to the Clothiers, is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of one Rhodes was offered to the House. And the Question being put, That it be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Rhodes'

Petition,

tf

Iri*hArr«ar*. A Petition of the Officers and Soldiers of several Regiments, that have served in the last War in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the former Petition of the Petitioners w-as referred, do sit de die in diem: And that all that come are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

h Committees, Ordered, That that pll Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Sir St. Andrew St. John have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

the

Leave of Absence*

Petition from SL Andrew*, Holborn.

fell

ib

the

u3j

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Andrew's, Hoi- Morning, bourn, London, in behalf of themselves, and other the ®

Parishioners of the said Parish, was presented to the IJopse, and read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of tire whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Deficiencies, 1 Funds therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital "ld Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the itoc ' c‘ publick Credit: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

ftesolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- supply, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, fq consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made To-mournr

Privilegt — Petition from a person in custody.

A Petition of Richard Blacksmith, in Custody

of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege against Robert Moncton, Esquire, a Member of this House, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, as the Petitioner, and his Servants, w ere' at Work ip his Shop, a Person, whom the Petitioner did not see, nor know, nor his Design, came running in, and took up a Sledge; saying, He would bring it again presently; but, Voi. XI.

And then the House adjourned till Tp-mpriW Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 24° Februarii; 9" Culjelmi Tertii,

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from tjje Lords, jn.tityled, £9 Act Keyser'*, Ac, for Naturalizing of John Keyset', aq<j others, was. ^at read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Mr. Gray, Mr.

8 U Brotherton,

Hay-market Paving, &c.

Leave of Absence,

Bridlington

Harbour.

Panton'g

LiUtc.

Haymarket Paving, be.

24° FebrUarii.

A 1696.

Brotherton, Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir TrecilHan, Lord

Coningsby, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Sir John

Turner, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Shackerly, Mr.

Mr. Hobly, Mr. Blofcild, Lord Mr. Fuumes, Sir

Hen. Colt, Mr. Bttckly, Sir Edwar Mr. Moor, Mr. Vlughan, Mr. Machett, Sir Tho. Kir. Frewen,

Mr. Bromley, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Bertie, Mr. worth, Mr. Fuller, Sir Mich. Mr. Thompson,

Sir Robert Cotton: And they are to meet this'Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwarden, Vestrymen, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Inhabitants of St. James', Westminster, having petitioned the House, for

Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Streets where the Carts of Hay and Straw do stand, commonly called the Hay-market, within the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, and St. James', within

the Liberties of Westminster; which is granted; the said Bill is to establish a former Toll, of Hay and Straw brought to the said Market; and to make John Tulley, Esquire, Collector; who is an Inhabitant of St. James' Parish: That the one Side of the Haymarket, to the Middle of the Street, is in the Parish of St.;

which is concerned as much as James' Parish in the Premises: And praying, That indifferent Persons of each Parish may be appointed to manage the Affair; and that the Overplus of the said Toll, if any, may go in proportion to the Poor of each Parish.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Conunittee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Sir John Fogg have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for the Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington Bay, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Strickland, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Sir Robert

Clayton, Mr. Gray, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr.

Sir Wm.Lowther, Mr. York, Mr. Whitaker, Colonel

Perry, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Machett, Mr.

Sir John Fagg, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Foley, Mr. Brewer, Lord Norres, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Sir

Edward Norreys, Mr. Sivift, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Cheney, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Mason, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Vaughanj and all that serve for Yorkshire, Norfolk,

and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton, Esquire in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his Wife, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boyle, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Hammond, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Mr. Foley,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kinaston, Sir Wa. Younge, Mr. Perry, Sir Ro. Owen, Mr. York, Sir Cha. Sidley, Sir Wm. St. Mr. Hunt, Major

Beak, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Molcsworth, Mr. Ashby, Sir St. Andr. St. John: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Street called the Haymarket, in Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are deprived of the Benefit of their Houses and Trades, by reason of Carts standing in, and stopping up, the said Street, so as Customers cannot conveniently come to the Petitioners Shops, nor Travellers pass through the said Street: And praying, That the said Haymarket may be removed to some more convenient Place.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Streets where the Carts of Hay and Straw do stand, commonly called the Haymarket, within the Parishes of St. Martin the Fields, and St. James, within the Liberties of is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Improve-explain the Statute of Merton ,in relation to the Improvement of Commons: And that Mr. James Mountague do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir William Williams have Leave to go Leave nf into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Northmore have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of several Persons who lent Monies upon Duties <« the Act for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Marriages, Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, and upon Bachelors and Widowers, for the Term of Five Years, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the said Act, there was a Clause to impower his Majesty to borrow 650,000l. upon the Credit of that Act; which was advanced by the Petitioners, and others, accordingly; but the Money arising by the said Duties is not sufficient to pay One Half of the Interest of the said Sum; which is a very great Disappointment to the Persons concerned, and a great Prejudice to the public Credit: And praying the House to make such Provision, that they may be repaid their Principal and Interest within the time limited by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for inlurging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit; be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Lords of the Manor, and Kinjstm Tenants of the same, and other the Freemen and In- Indusurt. habitans of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Poor of the said Town daily increase, and are become very burdensome to the Inhabitants:

That there are large Commons belonging to the said Town, Clear of Timber, and of little Use; which, if improved, by sowing Flax, Hemp, fyc. would employ their Poor, and ease the Inhabitants, who are willing to build Conveniencies for teaching and employing the Poor, and their Children; which may not only be a comfortable Subsistence to themselves, but an Advantage to the Nation: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill, impowering them to inclose so much of their Commons as they, from time to time, shall find Cause to employ, for the Uses of their Poor; and that such Inclosures may be exempted from all Taxes and Tythes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to inclose the said Commons, Tythe-free, for some time; and to set the Poor on Work: And that 'Six Richard Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, Fullers, Clothiers, Wool- Exon Port combers, and other Traders, relating to, and depending upon, the Woollen Manufacture of Serges, in the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of an Act of Parliament, for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Importation from Ireland; the Port of Exon, though an ancient Staple-Port, is shut up from receiving Wool from Ireland; so the Petitioners are forced to buy their Wool at a 3d or 4th Market; always at the Charge of a long Land-carriage; which does so enhance the Price, that they cannot carry on their Trades, ;nor employ the Poor as

formerly;

0

;r r,.

- tij* -11 £ it t!;t

III la !:-

h;.

,t,t0W

iiuurv

P *nt)

UP:* 3 mk u[wn leaa

Tiii jJt; Ad; fs, at--ties ic a; to fe jviiii

iVislOG,

T&

>eve:n 'ipiii tic

r. dt

:;*V (J rclUG-T'H uoti;: said tfiflh tiitir

build

r.afc mi o to

:.rfJ

a'.»

pw.m.

240 — 250 Februarii.

u\

d

□ol-S

.lira

.vti

k

;0l‘

:s0

IV

Leave of Absence.

Knotts

Estate.

Vexatious

Suits.

Supply Bill

Duties on Paper, &c.

Supply.

formerly; many of whom are gone and set up the Serge Manufacture in Ireland-, where they receive Encouragement, and can under-sell the Petitioners; which has drawn a great Part of that Trade into Ireland: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to open the Port of as it anciently hath been, for receiving of Wool.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to open the said Port for receiving Irish Wool;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rr c*1 v - TSir Walter Yon&e,

Tellers-for the\eas, JoJm

Tellers for the Noes,|Hr'

9 [Mr. Shackerly:

So it passed in the Negative.

719

[Sir Thomas Dyke, '[Mr. Harcourt: [Sir Walt. '[Mr. Norris: 61. 1111.

j 40. } 87.

Ordered, That Sir Robert have Leave to go

into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Franklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to sell an Estate in Bread-street, London,' for Payment of the Debts of William Knott Esquire; and settle another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of frivolous and vexatious Suits, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Paper, Vellom, and other Things, to encourage the Bringing in of Plate, and hammered Money, to be coined; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, for preventing the buying hammered Money under 5 s. 2 d. an Ounce, under a Penalty:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and other Amendments made to the Clause:

And then the Clause wa3 read the Third time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; viz.

Press 14. L. to leave out " Plate Press last, L. to insert " or Printing;" in Two Places:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Paper, Vellom, and Parchment, to encourage the Bringing of Plate, and hammered Money, into the Mints, to be coined.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred and Fifteen thousand Pound, be granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

Vol. XL

The Yeas go forth.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred and Fifteen thousand Pounds, he granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697.

Ordered, That the Bill for making good the Defi- Supply Bill; ciencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for Deficiencies, inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine a Clock.

Jovis, 25* die Februarii;

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Francis have Leave of

Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, Absence, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Neve's supplying a Defect in an Act, passed this Session, for EstaU* enabling Oliver Neve, of Great in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, to sell Two Houses in

London; and for vesting other Lands, in the said County, of greater Value, to the same Uses: And that Sir Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for enabling the Right Honourable Tho. Lord Lord Fair-Faixfax to raise Monies, charged by the late Lord Cole- &x s E*tat#* peper, on his Estate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Wm.

Pazclelt, Sir Cha. Turner, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Cartwright, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Paine, Sir Robert Smith, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. White, Mr. Duke, Mr. Bald-wyn, Sir Cha. Carteret, Lord Coningsby, Mr. ham, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Campion, Sir Wm. Low-

ther, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Rcrwney, Sir Alarm. Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Jennings, Sir Robert Davers,

Sir Cha. Keymish, Sir William Williams, Mr. Duniell, Sir

John Phillips, Sir Gods. Copley, Mr. Boyle, Mi-.

Mr. Guy, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Gztyn, Mr.

Harrison, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Colt, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Blanke, Mr. Lmcther, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Sayer,

Sir Fra. Windham, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Mr.

Pinnel, Sir Wm.Strickland, Sir John Mr.

Sherrard:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Lord Culpeper, Baron of Thoresway, Ditto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for enabling the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax to raise Monies, charged by the late Lord Culpeper, on his Estate, will prove very prejudicial to several Demands the Petitioner hath upon the said Lord Culpepers Estate, who was the Petitioner's Brother, if the said Bill should pass: And praying, That he may be heard, by Counsel, against the same.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence, casions.

Mr.

Party Guiles in Brewing.

Ease of Sheriffs.

Ways and Means.

Preventing Exportation of Wool.

Prohibiting India Silks, Callicoes,&c,

7*0

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill to repeal a Clause in a former Act, relating to party Guiles: And the same was received.

Mr. Farrcr reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs in passing their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

.169$.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon the Subject-matter of tb.e said Amendments. desired witfc

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, upon the Debate of the House, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference:

And it is referred to Air. Boyle, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Newport, Colonel Kendall, Mr. Harley, Air.

Sir C/ia. Musgrove, Sir Tho. Duvall, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Sir (lew. Elzves, Sir Edw.Seymour, Sir IFm. Scawen, Air.

Gzvyn, Sir IVm.Lowther, Colonel Granville, Sir Hairy

Colt, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Perry, Air.Moor, Mr. Lozcndes,

Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Atajor General Lord

Ranelagh, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Temple, Air.

Chadwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

250 — 26°

A Alotion being made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the W ar against France, for the Service of the Year 1697: And that the same Committee do consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697:

And an Amendment being proposed, by leaving out " And that the same Committee do consider of Ways " and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the f‘ Year 1697:"

The Question was put, That those Words do stand Part of the Question:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Ye is /Lord lelleis for the 1 tas, Jkn

147-

go.

Tellers for the Noes /^'r R

l ellers lor the A oes, ^fr:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697: And that the same Committee do consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the T ear 1697.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool was committed, be made upon Saturday Alorning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for making good the Deficiencies Supply Rill; of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for inlarging DefioWiR; the Capital Stock of the Bank of England', and for raising the publick Credit; be read a Second time upon Saturday 100 ' c' Alorning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris,26* die Februarii',

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Knott's to enable Trustees to sell an Estate in Bread-street, ^statti London for the Payment of the Debts of William Knott Esquire; and settle another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Ann Offley, of Crcxv-hall, in the County of Dei Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting hnvigaika. forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, ior making the River Dee, in the County of Chester, navigable; by which Bill great Part of the Land adjoining to the said River is to be settled upon Francis Gell Merchant, by such general Words as, the Petitioner fears, may reach to a considerable Quantity of Land, next adjoining to the said River, which has been many Years enjoyed by the Petitioner's Family: And praying, That a Clause may be added to the said Bill, for saving the Petitioner's Right to the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, took into further Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there:

And the Amendments made to the Title of the Bill were postponed.

The First Amendment to the Bill being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth.

Tellers for the Y: } 1

Tellers for the Noes.p; } 159-

So it passed in the Negative:

The rest of the Amendments, both to the Bill and Title, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by

the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Trumball and Air. Bertie be Regulating added to the Committee, to whom the Bill forth® better Pnntma Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Presses, is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Lord Fairenabling the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax to tax's Eautt raise Monies, charged by the late Lord Culpeper, on his Estate, is committed, do meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock; the Adjournment last Night being by Mistake:

And that Sir William Tzcisden, Sir liichard Onslow, Sir Tho.Pope Blount, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Austin, Mr. Og/e

Air. Brent, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Dr. Sir

Phill. Butler, Sir Edw. Abney, be added to it.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Doe ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Com- Navi^iion. mittee of the whole House, to consider of the Fill for making navigable the River Dee, in the County of Chester; and nothing to intervene.

A Petition of John Brown and Thomas in Cns-tody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege, persons m 20 custody.

/),

'I:

0((}

itg

l!r

I iurji ^iiC,

I.M-,1 )!:. I iV'j

:x;:<

>k:

W: -

X;'l1 Ij'J

orroi

9 W. III.

a A*

A:; je. in

i :ic

y |v jvtee

y'il to

id*

Atom

i#;

iiis e a e:

Party Guiles in l>icwin<;.

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill;

continuing

Duties.

Leave of Absence.

Ways and Means.

Ditto.

Neve's

Estate.

/ 2 — 2f

in assaulting Robert Monckton Esquire, a Member , of this House:

But Mr. Moncton not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till Mr. Moncton do come into the House; and be then read.

A Bill to repeal a Clause in a former Act, relating to party Guiles, was read the f irst time.

Resolved, That the Bill b,e read a Second time, upop Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Eduard Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Lord Coningsby presented to the House a Bill for continuing the additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, rl hat the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. El son have Leave to go into the Country, lor Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. A evil/ have Leave to go into the Country for Eight Uavs, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrard have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697; and to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1007.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Rescind, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against D ance, for the Service of the Year 1607; and also of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the said Year 1697.

Februarii.

721

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of George Manxiaring Gentleman waspre* Knotts sented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there Lstate. is a Bill depending in the House, to enable Trustees to sell an Estate in Bread-street, London, for Payment of the Debts of William Knott Esquire; and set le another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof: Tint the 1 eii-tioner is a Creditor of the said William Knott, by Judgment, for a considerable Sum of Money: And praying,

That he may be heard, as to his Interest, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until that Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Boyle reported from ti e Committee, to w hom the p;in(on»3 ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate, vesting Part of the Estate ol Thomas Eanion Fsqnhe in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his Wiie, w as committed, That they, had examined and considered the same; and directed i.im to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the ClerkVI able.

: Air. Earrer reported from the Committee, to whom Millard's the ingrossed Bill, trom the Lords, inlnnicd. An Act for Estate, the Vesting of certain Lands ot // illunn Mlkcard, in the County of Hereford, Clerk, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same, and had made some Amendments to the Bill; W'such they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Plac e, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 3d, L. 22. alter "said," insert " Willis m"

Press 5. L. 28. after "Administrators," leave out " and."

The said Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Price have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Mr. Price reported from the Committee, to whom the Kerry's ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate, vesting the Estate of Edward Kerry Esquire, lying in Bin-Weston, in the County of Salop, in Trustees, to discharge Incumbrances thereon; and to raise Portions for younger Children; and for confirming the Marriage-Settlement of the said Eduard Kerry; was committed;

That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same iii at the Clerk's Table.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means lor raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport Debt, for the Reducing oi Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbath 27° die Februarii;

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SIR Henry Hobart according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for Supplying a Defect in an Act, passed this Session, for enabling Oliver Neve, of Great Witchingham, in the County of Norfolk, to sell Two Houses, in London; and for settling other Lands, in the said County, of greater Value, to the same Uses: And the same was received.

Vol. XI.

*c.

A Bill for continuing the additional Impositions upon Supply Bill; several Goods and Merchandize was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Supply Bill; Funds, therein-mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Deficiencies, Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the public Credit; was according to the Order of the Day, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take effectual Care, that the Bank of England do pay their Bills.

Resolved, That it be au Instruction also to the said 8 X Committee,

722 27° Februarii — i* Martii. A- 1696.

Committee, That they do take care, that the Bank of England do register their Bills and Notes, and pay them in Course.

Way* and Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Means. Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697, a Duty be laid upon Malt.

Resolved,- That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be Six-pence per Bushel, to be paid by the Maker thereof.

And also reported from the said Committee, That, it being referred to them, likewise, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Support of the Civil List, for the Year 1697, the Committee had come to the further Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty of Six-pence per Bushel upon Malt be granted to his Majesty, for the Term of Two Years nd a Quarter.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Exportation of Wool, is like to be repealed, in its most material Parts, which charges the Hundred where any such Wool was exported: That, since the said Act, the Price of Wool in France is much advanced; and several Persons have been convicted before the Lord Chief Baron; w'ho spoke much in Commendation of the said Act: And praying, That they may not be deprived of their great Hopes they have, to recover their Trades; which, they conceive, may, in a great measure, be effected by the Preservation of the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways a solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 1'leaus* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697; and for the Support of the Civil List, for the same Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697; and for the Support of the Civil List, for the same Year.

StocYley's

Estate.

Fnllowe's

Estate.

Louis desire Leave for a Member to attend thero.

Privilege-Persons petition for discharge.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Sale of Lands late of Jeffry Slockley, in the County of Chester, for Payment of his Debts; and for making Provision for Mary his Daughter; without any Amendment. Also

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William Fallozoes, an Infant, to sell an Estate in the County of Chester, to pay Debts secured by Mortgagees: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Messoge from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, That Mr. Vernon, a Member of this House, may have Leave to come to the Ix>rds House, to be examined in relation to the Taking of sdme Ships, which came lately from Ireland.

Resolved, That the House doth give Leave to Mr. Vernon to go to the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Mr. Afoncton being in the House;

The Petition of John Frozen and Thomas Bally, which was presented to the House Yesterday, was read; v\ hereby they acknowleged their Offence, and begged Pardon for the same; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Africa night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Companj. to consider further of the Bill for regulating and settling the Trade to Africa', and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lwue, 1* die Martii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Milwarfs Act for the Vesting of certain Lands of William ^sUtet Alilzeard, in the County of Hereford, Clerk, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Pantoo'j vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton Esquire in Esut*. Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his Wife, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Preventing A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Wilts, An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kerry's of X W*oltin Gloucester, a°d Somerset, in Behalf of themselves and for vesting the Estate of Edzoard Kerry Esquire, lying ElUtt-

several others, was presented to the House, and read; in Bin-Weston, in the County of in Trustees, to

setting forth, That the Petitioners find by the Votes, that discharge Incumbrances thereon; and to raise Portions

an Act of the last Session of Parliament, to prevent the for younger Children; and for confirming the Marriage-

18 Settlement

36.

- Sl7

11:

'M

{'M

eJ'Ji

be

Ule

031

Wildll

y. re-3r se, to I 2 ti* r»t

; ac i ear.

o.

it

Irri ...*)

9 W. III.

T

Martii.

7*3

;act!

tir.

V(x,

H.a'4

l;h

ii

line

T:f<i

ad-

tfo.-

t:-

'ri

Settlement of the said Edward Kerry; was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. T do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Keyser'*,&c. Mr. Shackerly reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

naturalizing John Keyser, and others, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same, and had made some Amendments to the same; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

The said Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Supply Bill; continuing

Duties.

Cull of the Hu use.

Preventing

Exportation of Wool.

Mi Ison's Estate.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the continuing the additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dolben took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dolben reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Mr. Hammond, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Petition of the Clothiers of the Counties of Wills, Gloucester, and Somerset, which was presented to the

House, and read, on Saturday last, and lay on the Table until the Report of the said Bill was made, was again read.

And a Motion being made. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Clause, or Clauses, be prepared, and brought in, for making the Bill more effectual to prevent the Exportation of Wool, to be presented to the House, before the Debate, touching the Ingrossment of the Bill, be resumed:

And that Mr. Moor, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. How, Mr. Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- u'avs solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697; and for the Support of the Civil List, for the Service of the same Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; ^and had directed him to move, lhat they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for earning on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1C07; and for the Support of the Civil List, for the same Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holjord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, lute of Charles Milson, deceased, in Trustees, to sell, for

Payment of Debts and Legacies, and lay out the Surplus-money in a Purchase of Lands for the Use of Edward Milson, and his Heirs, according to the Will erf the said Charles Mihon, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Voj.. XI.

Martis, 2* die Martii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for the Natu- Keyser s,&c.

ralization of John Keyser, and others, was read the Nat.

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Bill to supply a Defect in an Act, passed this Session Neve's of Parliament, for enabling Oliver Neve, of Great f^te.

ingham, in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, to sell Two . Houses, in London; and for settling other Lands, in the said County, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was 'read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hobart, Sir John Manwaring, Mr. Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Tho.Dyke, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Mr.

Norris, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Brotherton, Mr.

Mr. Fleming, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Rozcney, Mr. Shackerly, Sir John

Cotton, Sir Wm. Lout her, Lord Cheney, Mr. Phillips,

Sir John Turner, Sir Edw. Williams, Air. hey. Lord Castleton, Sir Wm.Bowes, Mr. Beake, Sir Tho. Roberts,

Mr. Monstevens, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Swift, Mr.

Osborne, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Woodrofe, Sir7Xo.

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Thompson, Serjeant Coward, and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Balduyn reported from the Committee, to whom James' the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estat* vesting and settling certain Estates of Wm. James Gentleman in and upon Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and their Children, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same, and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and a-e as follow; vis.

Press 1. L. 3. after "Gentleman," add "and John " James, then Soo, and Heir apparent of the 6aid " Wm.James:"

Press

724

2° Martiu

A. 1696.

Fallowcs*

Estate.

Press 1. L. 6. after " Pounds," leave out to " all," in L. 9. and insert " in and by One Indenture Quinquepartite, made the 18th Day of January, in the Year of " our Lord 1685, between the said and

" Eliz.his Wife, and the said John James, of the First " Part; Robert Bird, of Staples-Inn, in London, Gentleman, of the 2d Part; John Foch, of London, Gentleman, on the 3d Part; ai d George Fryer, of London, " Gentleman, on the 4th Part; and Derby Long, of the " Inner Temple, London, Esquire, and of

" the Middle Temple, London, Esquire, of the 5th Part;

" and by virtue of the l;ine and Recovery therein mentioned; did grant and convey

Press 2. L. 3. after " thereof," leave out " which " said Settlement was, in the First place, as a Security

And the same was twice read; and the Clanks filled up; and the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and the St. Olive's principal Inhabitants, of the Parish of in South-

tvark, in the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, Southwa|k and others the Inhabitants of the said Parish, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Church of the said Parish is extemely out of Repair, and in Danger of falling dow n; the said Parish being unable

O C1 7 O

to repair the same, by reason of their great Numbers of ~ Poor, who yearly cost them 2,500l.; and thisYear is like

for," and insert, " to the Uses, Intents, and Purposes, to ^ase to near 3,000l. which shews the great Con-

___ , i *1 . r~ % 1 .1 tt .1 snmnlrnn nf C in tip <;nin Pa Pi sin Ann nravinrr Tnaf

" therein mentioned; that is to say, To the Use of the " said George Fryer, his Executors, Administrators, and " Assigns, for Five hundred Years, for securing:"

Press 2. L. 7. after " and, " leave out " afterwards " unto, and upon," and insert " after the Determination " of that Estate, to the Use of:"

L. 8. leave out " for Life, Remainder to," and insert " for 99 Years, if he should live so long; and,

" after the Determination of that Estate, and the Decease " of the said I ViIlium James, to the Use of the said :"

L 9. after " Life," leave out " Remainder in " Tail Male to their Children," and insert " with divers "Remainders over to the several Children of the said " William James and Eliz. his Wife, therein named, and

" their Issue, in such manner, and for such Estates, as " are therein limited and expressed; with a Remainder "over to the right Heirs of the said William James for " ever :"

L. 26. after " Premises," insert " by virtue of " the said recited Indenture

L. 32. after " James," leave out to " may," in the 36 Line.

Press 3. L. 25. after "Incumbrance," leave out " at " any time heretofore . L. 26. after " granted," leave out to " in,"

in the 30th Line, and insert, " in and by the said recited " Indenture:1*

Press 5. L. 13. after " Persons," leave out " and their " Heirs" *

L. 17. after " said," leave out to the last "all," in the 19th Line, and insert " recited Indenture."

The said Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Leave of Absence.

Black" ell-hall Market.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William FalUnces, an Infant, to sell an Estate, in the County of Chester, to pay Debts, secured by Mortgages, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Dormer have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Robert have Leave to go

into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir George TIungerford, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to restore the Market for Woollen Cloths in Blackwell-hall, and hall, to the Clothiers, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That #.

sumption of Coals in the said Palish: And praying, That they may have a convenient Share of the Duty upon Coals, desired by the Bill, depending in the House, for the completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul's, London, to be applied to the Rebuilding of the said Parish-church.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered That Mr. B idler have Leave to go into the Lave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence,

Ordered, That Mr. Mitchell, Sir Robert Mr. Lord

Serjeant Forward, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Fairfax's

Sir Geo. Hungerjord, Sir Robert Cotton; and all the Mem- ^sUt6

bers that serve for the Counties of A and Sasser; be added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for enabling the Right Honourable the Lord to raise Monies, '

charged by the late Lord Culpeper, on his Estate, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Sir Ilav-maib;

Thomas Day, Mr. Henley, Dr. Bar bone. Sir Tho. Roberts, Lvms, it. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Hay-market, within the Parishes of St.Marlin's in the Fields, and St. James', within the Liberty of Westminster, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Worslcyhave Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Proceedings in Proceedins

7 v a # o O

Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, be read a Second ln time upon this Day Scvennight.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Abusesintlse That Mr. Barton be allowed to make his Defence, at the MmuU, Bar, Tomorrow Morning, by Counsel;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Holmes have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Eduard Harley have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for a general Naturalization, was, according to

General Na-

Order, read a Second time. tuidl.z,:;*

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rp 11 r ,1 fEoi d Spe

Telleis for the 'i eas,

>127.

1-168.

[Sir Hen.Hobart;

Tellers for the Noes Guy

1 ciiei s for the i\ oes, ^Mr Brom:

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Mr. Dolben reported from the Committee of the whole Smir.lv Bill House, to whom the Bill for continuing the additional con i mug Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes was

committed,

fc,|*

fe/J.

l' pre-

the L?n und ,1^ i,

1, JfHl 1 »> like

it (/,n.

:Tu

v

'in-, :.,r

i*b|

t'j

r*:i

'«, u

tetsi

W. III. 4'* — 3* mm. 7*5

committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, with Mi® Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Cjerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the IJpusp.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b§

Engrossed.

Party Guiles Ordered \That the Bill to repeal a Clause in a forpier in brewing. Act, relating to party Guiles, be read a Second time Tomorrow Corning.

Ways and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Means. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted t,o his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year *697; and for the Support of the Cjvjl List, for the same Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matter to theip referred; and had come to seyerpl Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to Receive the same,

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

was delivered without a sufficient Authority; and that they h^d come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the petition of Qpdfrey Lee, in behalf of Mrs. Mary

Hewetson, was delivered without sufficient Authority; anfl is frivolous and groundless.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Godfrey Lee, for presenting to Petitioner thj$ House the said frivolous and groundless Petition, and Without sufficient Authority, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Arcfier reported from the Committee, to whom the Highways. Rill to enlarge Highways was Committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed hjm to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upop the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the H°Use ' Apd other Amendments were made to the Bill by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bp ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Etterick have Reave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health- Absence.

Improvement of Common*.

Jii'J ut.

: VJ/

e.at~

bt-is

I '

K5-

Mercurii,3° die Martii;

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

MR. Mountague, according to Order, presented to

the House a Bill to explain tire Statute of Merton, and other Statutes, in rejatipp to the Improvement of Commons: And the same >yas received.

The Bill was read the First time. liesolved, That the Bill be pead a Second time.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for theCoun-ties of York, Stafford, and Warwick, be added to the Committee, to whom tl?e Bill for enabling the Right Honourable the Lord Fairfax to raise Monies, charged by the late Lord Culpeper, on ftis Estate, is committed.

Lustring Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Manufacture, the further Encouragement of the Lustring Manufacture in England: And that Sir Rowland Gwynn do prepare, and bring iti, the Bill.

Lord Fair-fax's Estate.

Neve's

Estate.

A Petit oa

declared

*rivjlou$.

Mr. Heveninghamreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to supply a Defect in an Act, passed this Session of Parliament, for enabling Oliver Neve, of Great Witchingham, in the County of Norfolk, Esquige, ,to sell Two Houses, in London', and for settling Lands, in the said County, of greater Value, to the same Uses- was committed'; That they had examined and considered the same, and made an Amendment to the Rill; which they had directed him. to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Whore the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed tintp by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Arnold reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Gddjrey Lee, Proctor and Attorney of

HgwctsonW ife of Thomas Hewetson, was referred, That they had considered the same, and found the said petition Vox. XL

A Petition of the Cheesemongers of the City of London, cheese-and Suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and monger* r.ead; setting foftb,. That f Petition.

That the Consideration of lfre said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said £;11 is committed.

A Petition of the Tinners in the County of Cornwall Tinnei* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Trad*, thq Petitioners are very much impoverished, by the falling Price of Tip, from above 61. to about 47 or 50 per Hundred, fpf want of some Laws to regulate the Trade in Tin, and redress some other of the Petitioners Grieyepees; which have been partly represented to the Iloqse ip a late Proposal for raising the Price of Tin:

And praying, That their Grievances may be redressed; and that their Trade may be regulated.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine Jtbe Maftef thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Boscawen, Sir Win. Cordon, Mir. Fhrtescue, Mr. Tredenham, Lord Mr.

Ellyot, Mr. Neale, Mr. Gery, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Vernon,

Sir RowlandGwyn, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Colt, Mr.

Mr. Blf eild, Mr- Machell, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Win. ther, Mr. Archer, Sir Cha. Keymish, Mr. Whitaker, Mr.

fdfilbpn, Si r John Bucknall, Mr. Storehouse, Mr. Buldwyn,

Mr. Newport, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mount-

stevens, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Fendarvjs, Sir Tlu>. Davall, Mr. Fleming, Mr.;

and all that serve for the Counties of Cornwall and Devon:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Cloqk, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are impowered to send' for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the additional Impo- Supply Bill;

sitions upon several Goods and Merchandizes was read continuing , rnl . ‘j . ' Dutie*.

the Third time.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Rill; viz.

Press 1. L. last, to leave out " First," and " June," and insert " May

2. L. 7. The same Amendments:

... 8 Y And

l eave of Absence.

Ways and Means.

3* Martii.

A. 1696.

And the same were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolbendo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. James Mountague have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697; and for the Support of the Civil List for the same Year; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697; and for the Support of the Civil List, for the same Year; over and above the Duties already payable, a further Duty be laid upon all Cyder and Perry.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be Four Shillings per Hogshead; and

, so, proportionably, for a greater or lesser Quantity.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Two Years and a Quarter.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be paid by the Retailer, or Seller, thereof.

,5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, over and above the Duties already payable, a further Duty be laid upon all Wines.

. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be 12/. 12 s. per Ton; and after that Rate, in proportion, for a greater or lesser Quantity.

. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be paid by the Retailer.

. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Tw o Years and a Quarter.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, over and above the Duties already payable, a fur-

- ther Duty be laid upon all Liquors called Sweets.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be 12 s. pe Barrel; and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be paid by the Maker thereof.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of the said Committee, That the said Duty be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Two Years and a Quarter.

13. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, over and above the Duties already payable, a further Duty be laid upon all Mum.

14. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be 10 s.per Barrel; and so, in proportion, for a greater or lesser Quantity.

15. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be paid by tine Maker, or Seller, thereof.

.16. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Two Years and a Quarter.

17. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Goods made of, or mixed

' with, Wool, Silk, or Hair.

18. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be 10 I.per ad Valorem; to be

charged upon the Maker, and paid by the First Buyer thereof.

19. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, over and above the Duties already payable, the like Duty be laid upon all Goods imported, made of, or mixed with, Wool, Silk, or Hair; to be paid by the Importer thereof.

20. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, over and above the Duties already payable, a Duty of 7/. 105. per Centum, ad Valorem, be laid upon all Goods, made of, or mixed with, Wool, Silk, or Hair, now in the Hands of the Retailers; to be paid by such Retailers.

21. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duties be granted to his Majesty for the Term of One Year.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }l3°.

TeUers for tire Noes, } "8.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 2d and 3d Resolutions being severally read a Second time, the same were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 4th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, to leave out " or Seller thereof:"

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

T*" the Yeas, } to7.

Tellers for the Noes, {Jj'; ^ornT' }"9-So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made, by inserting, before " Retailer," " First Buyer, or;"

The Question was put, That the said Words be inserted:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ISir W \

lellers for the Yeas, |si v J 3*'

Tellers for the Noes, } 1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the said Duty be paid by the First Buyer, or Retailer.

The 5th, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15th, and 16th Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, w'ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 17th Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree , with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Duty be laid upon all Goods made of, or mixed with, Wool, Silk, or Hair;

The House divided.'

The Noes go forth.

TeUers for the Yeas, }"9'

Tellers for the Noes, }'°3'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 18th Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the said Duty be 10/. per Centum ad Valorem; to be charged upon the Maker, and paid by the First Buyer thereof;

The House divided.

The

A

,ft

tie i tit ! t!«

ittee,

July

nail

lair,

;udi

iitlee,

ill*

'ajes

30.

ill

read 1 iverilt

to fa iiitei

10;.

ad;.!'!

fcei>

eC ®

A a1

111 K

e;

11ft

105.

tlit

9 W. III.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /^r‘

tellers for the 1 eas,^Mr

Tellers for the Noes of^r'

tellers for the ^ocs,jMr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Dill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Air. Attorney-G eneral, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the same. '

Abuses in the Ordered, That the Matter of the Complaint against AlmtatA 01k. Daniel Barton be heard, at the Bar of this House,

Tomorrow Morning.

Party Guiles Ordered, That the Bill to repeal a Clause in a former in Brewing. relating to party Guiles, be read a Second time To-

morrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning amfltank next» reso‘ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sunk &c. 10 consider of the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of and for raising the

publick Credit; after the Committee of the whole House tp consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland.

And thep the House adjourned till Tomorrow ' Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 4*

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Committee*. ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Knott's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

*"* to enable Trustees to sell an Estate in Bread-street, London, for Pay merit of the Debts of Knott Esquire;

and settle another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Preservation A Bill for the better Relief of the Subject against Weirs of Fisk. and Dams, which take and destroy Fish, and the Fry of Fish, within the Rivers of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Lord Coningsby, Sir Chr.

Win. Bowes, Mr. Hubby, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Palmes,

.. Mr. Harrison, Sir Marin Sir Bolles, Sir

Wm. Hustler, Sir Tho. Skipuith, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Slater, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Era. Mr. Ashby, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Ogle, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Clark, Sir Edw. Abney, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bagnold, Mr. Boscaxeen, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Mr.

Whitaker, Mr. Heveningham Sir Robert Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Blowfeild, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Neale, Sir John Emley, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Hammond, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Travers, Sir Math. Andrew's, Mr. Mawdit: And all that come are to have Voices; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ditto. A Petition of John Tayler, of the City of Bristol/, Iron-

monger, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better Relief of the Subject against Weirs and Dams, Vol. XL

727

which take and destroy Fish, and the Fry of Fish, within the Rivers of this Kingdom: That, if the said Bill should pass, it will ruin an Iron-work and Forge, erected by the Petitioner, near an ancient Weir, in the River in the County of Monmouth; without the Continuance of which, the Petitioner's Iron-work will become useless; which cost him near 1,500l. and is a great Advantage to the adjacent Country, by employing great Numbers of their Poor. And praying, That he may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrcr have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir William Whitmore have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Serjeant Coward have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Air. Pudsay have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Air. John Kinaston have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Berkly have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Air. Archdale Palmer have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir John Kay have Leave to stay in the Country for Three Weeks longer.

A Petition of Elizabeth Rhodes Widow was presented Rhoderf1 to the House, and read; setting forth, That Petition.

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Hake-well, and other Troopers, was referred.

A Petition of Peter Du Cane, James Du Cane, Creditor*

Humberstone Esquire, the Lady Katherine Lethelier, and on certain others, who advanced Aloney upon the Credit of the Act Duties, for granting certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize, for the prosecuting the War against France, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are great Sums of Aloney due to the Petitioners; and the said Duties are expired; the House being about to re-grant the same for other Purposes: And the Petitioners Property being concerned therein; they pray, That they may be heard touching the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England-, and for raising the publick Credit; is committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs Eas« of in passing their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, Sheriffs, be read the Third time Tomorrow Alorning.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Dee Inhabitants, of the Vale of Clwyt, in the Counties of Den- Navigation. high and Flint, together with the Burgesses and Freemen of Ruthin, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the River Dee, in the County of Chester, navigable; that Francis Gell, the Project or thereof, intends to dam up the said River, at the Alouth of the Sea, near adjoining to the said Vale, and reduce the same into a narrow Chanel; whereby, for want of its due Current, the Petitioners Lands, worth many Thousand Pounds per Annum, will, in all Probability, lie

under Water; the said Vale lying much lower than the

30 — 4® Martii.

1102.

} 9°*

r?

4® — 5°

A. 1696.

Dee

Navigation.

Sea; which daily gains upon the same, notwithstanding all Endeavours used to preserve it: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass; the same being of mischievous Consequence to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill ri committed.

A Petition of the Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That Mr. Daniel Barton, and the Witnesses for and against him, attended;

They were, according to the Order, called in; and heard, at the Bar.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, upon a full Hearing, at the Bar of this House, That the Accusation against Daniel Barton of

Abuses in th* MintatYork.

the Vale of Clwyt, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, Misdemeanor, as Comptroller of the Mint at York, is together with the Aldermen and Bailiffs of Denbigh, was groundless, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the

Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the River Dee, in the County of Chester, navigable; that Mr. Gell, the Project or thereof, designs to dam up the River at the Mouth of the Sea, not far from the said Vale; which lies much lower than the Sea; and, by reducing the River into a narrow Chanel,

the Petitioners are very apprehensive their Lands will lie underWater; the Sea now gaining upon them, notwithstanding all Endeavours to prevent it: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Prohibiting Mr. Methxvyn reported from the Committee appointed

Caliicoes &.c ^raw UP Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with e3' c' the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Caliicoes printed or stained there, That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons disagree to the Amendments, made by the Lords, in the 4th, 21th, and 23th Lines of the 1st Skin; the 27th and 32th Lines of the 2d Skin; and in the 6th, 9th, and 14 Lines of the 3d Skin:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 5* die Martii; 9' Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Jam*' for vesting and settling certain Estates of William E,tatt* James Gentleman in and upon Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and their Children, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A11 ingrossed Bill to supply a Defect in an Act, passed N«A this Session of Parliament, for enabling Oliver Neve, of ^sUlc* Great Witchingham, in the County of Norfolk, Esquire, to sell Two Houses, in London', and for settling other Lands, in the said County, of greater Value, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, Press 1. L. # to leave out " Bill," and insert "Act;"

Because die foreign-wrought Silks, prohibited by their The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed

Lordships Amendments, being the Produce of our own unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table Manufacture, and native Commodities, a Prohibition of accordingly.

such foreign Silks may endanger the Loss of a considerable Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

Part of our foreign Trade. An Act to supply a Defect in an Act for enabling Oliver

The Commons disagree to the JLords Amendments, in Neve Esquire to sell two Houses, in London; and for the 38 Line of the 1st Skin, and 4th Line of tile 2d settling Lands, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value,

Skin:

Because the Commons, in the said Bill, having put the Penalty of 100l. upon such Persons as should publickly sell any wrought Silks of the Product or Manufacture of Persia or East-Indki, imported into this Kingdom; their Lordships have, by their Amendments, added a Penalty

to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Delays continue the Act, made in the 4th and 5th Yearn of his Quarter-of 1001, on such Persons as shall sell any other wrought Majesty's Reign, to prevent Delays at the Quarter-Ses- S'*5101* Silks imported: There likewise being no Penalty imposed, sions of the Peace, which is near expiring: And that by the Commons, upon any Persons who shall wear any Mr. Bortherton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Silk of the Product or Manufacture of Persia or East-

Conference desired with Lords.

Supply Bill; Duty on Leather.

India, imported into this Kingdom; their Lordships have not only made such Persons subject to a Penalty of 100l. but likewise have subjected all Persons that shall wear any other wrought Silk imported to the like Penalty of 100l.: By reason of which, their Lordships have added and imposed pecuniary Penalties upon the Subject; whereas all Charges of Money upon the People ought to begin with the Commons.

The Commons disagree to the Lords Amendments, in the Title of the said Bill, for the Reasons aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Ernly do go to the Lords, and desire the aaid Gonfenence.

Mr. Lvumdes, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, to raise Money for answering the Deficiencies,-as w ell of the late Duties upon Coals, Culm, and the Tonage of Ships, as of tire Duties upon Salt; And the same' was received.

A Petition of Godfry Lee, in Custody of the Serjeant at A Ptwi Arms attending this House, for presenting a frivolous and ^uouii groundless Petition, and w ithout any sufficient Authority, llK was presented to the House, and read; whereby ho acknowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the same t And prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Godfry Lee be discharged out of Custody,

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom Hill'i the Bill for re-vesting the Sinecure of Llandinam, in the Sh«cwt. County of Montgomery, in John Spademan, in Trust for Joseph Hill, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments:

But several Amendments being proposed to be made therein, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly.

Ordered,

V,'

! 4

f triis f H Of

r*> is

TOW

Prisons and pretended privileged Places.

Leave of Absence.

9 W. III.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more eft'eftual Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Klcapcs; and for preventing Abuses in Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places.

Ordered, That Mr. Colt do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Tilney have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Smith have Leave to go into the Country, his Mother being very ill.

729

the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom, from Persia and East-Iand all Calli-

coeg printed or stained there; the Lords do agree to a Conference immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at the Conference, do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Methwyn reported. That they had given the Lords

their Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments: and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

5° — 6° Martii.

Mi,

11 '.lit! r

r I®.

Till

nts, 4

I to

' :CS|

Aud

isl

i; ®

lie*

Blackwell- An ingrossed Bill to restore the Market for Woollen hall Market. Cloths in Blackwell-hall, and Welsh-hall, to the Clothiers,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to restore the Market for Woollen Cloths in Blackwell-hall to the Factors; and for regulating the Factors there.

Ordered, That Sir George Htingerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto."

Leave of Abieuce.

Ordered, That Mr. Lampton have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis have Leave to

go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Staines have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Mefl'age from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Milward's this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Vesting Eft*4®* of certain Lands of William Milwar in the County, of Hereford, Clerk, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts:

And also,

To the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, Keyfer's, ke. intituled, An Act for Naturalizing of John and Nat-

others. Alfb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Trotman'* vest certain Lands, late of $amucl Trotman Esquire, de- Ertatei ceased, lying in Barking, Eastham, Westham and Woolwich, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold; and to settle other Lands, in lieu thereof: To. which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term Supply Bill; of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as well of on the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the a er* Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

f Itti,

Eafr of ujhI Sheriffs*

;eTiA

Titled 2 Ifetr dir r Value,

eE3D

a

iB'Jb.

;0ii' ter-vd lill Si

II

jest*'

os>asi!

a; ac-jiinie:

;d od

nt:w

,:5ld

fr;p> Conference with Lords.

es'it!

lid at 3

An ingrossed Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs, in passing of their Accounts, and Execution of their Offices, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, relating to the Time of giving Notice for Elections of Members of Parliament for the Cinque-Ports:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for the Sheriffs of Wales having Allowance from the Re-ceivers-General for what due on their Accounts:

And the same was read the First time; and withdrawn, by Leave of the House.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; viz.

Press 10. L. 1, to leave out " have" and is," and insert "are:"

L. to insert " or feme other Name;" in Two Places:

L. to insert " other than such Cities and " Towns as are Counties, as to giving them Ease in " passing their Accounts in the Exchequer:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, and passing their Accounts.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Edward Emly reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference, upon Vo l. XI.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways and fblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt for the Reducing of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resoludons; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of stock, &c. several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England and for raising the publick Credit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, Q* die Martii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

*Pra Y E as.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Trotmao's to vest certain Lands, late of Samuel Estate.

Esquire, deceased lying in Barking, Eastham, Westham,

8 Z and

1 ini

T

7 3°

6* Marfii.

A. 1696.

Fallowed

Ellate.

and Woolwich, in the Counties of and Essex, in

Tniitees, to be sold; and to settle other Lands, in lieu thereof; was read the First tiine.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to enable William FaUozres, an Infant, to fell an Estate, in the County of Cluster, to pay Debts, secured by Mortgages, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Alan-7 earing, Sir John Bodes, Colonel Mcuntagi Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. A Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. 67iackerly, 'MuMountstevcns, Colonel Sir Wm.

Forester, Mr. York, Mr Onslow, Mr

Sir Math. A mlrexes, Sir / Em. Hustler, Mr Mr. Ber-

tie, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Mr. Crawford, Sir John Elx, Sir Tho.;

and all the Members that serve for the Counties Lancaster, Chester, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon' at Live a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Gough have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Crowl eg' fcliate.

Mr. Shackerlyreported from the Committee, to w hom

the Bill for vesting Part of the Estate of Roger Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children, according to a Power reserved to him in his Marriage-Settlement; but could not be executed by him, by reason of his Lunacy, after his Marriage; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame, and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

An ingossed Bill for granting to his Majesty several Bringing i« Duties upon Paper, Vellum, and other Things, to en-

courage the Bringing in of Plate, and hammered Money, to be coined; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks *

An Amendment was proposed, to be made in the Bill,

Prels 7. L. 21, to insert " unless for such Solder as shall " be in any hollow Part of the said Plate

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title! be, An Act for encouraging the bringing iu wrought Plate to be coined.

U!

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Dnncombhave Leave to go into the L^ave of Country, his Family ,hcing ill there.

Absence*

ingossed.

Supply Bill; L>eiin<tncits, and liauk Stock.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill in the House, for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the public Credit; by which Bill it is designed to provide interest of 8/. per Cent. for all Tallies, on Parliamentary Funds, that iliould be subscribed into the Bank; and to pay the Principal also in a certain time: But the Petitioners greatly fear, that the Funds provided by the said Bill will prove greatly defective to answer those Ends: And praying, That a secure Provision may be made for the constant Payment

Air. Moor, according to Order, presented to the House Preventing a Clause, to be added to the Bill for the more effectual preve nting the Exportation of Wool: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Ordered, That the further Consuleration of the said Clause, and the Debate concerning the IngrolTaicnt of the said Bill, be adjourned until Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commiaw

Resolved, That this House will upon Tuesday Morn- riinidung ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole Mutiny ant House, to consider of the Bill for continuing several former Beiemw. Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punching falle Musters; and for payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to duties01 whom the Petitions of the Glass-makers were referred, he taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next

Leave of Absence.

- That it be an Instruction to the Committee Supply E

of the Interest and Principal of the said Tallies, as the of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making good beticitmi'i,

fame shall become due. the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit; is committed: That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, to prevent the great Discount upon Tallies.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder have Leave to go into the Country, for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Coitrtney have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seaward have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. John Iloto have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

M

C.

h

P,

tit

I)

A Bill to repeal a Clause, in a forme* Act, relating to Party GA party Guiles, was read a Second time. " ')rewt

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Perry Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Clark, Sir Tho. Lit tie-ton, Mr. Moor, Sir Gem. Etxves, Sir Phil. Butler, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Hobby, Sir Win. Hollywood, Yang,

Mr. Bere, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jf in Seaxeen, Mr. Mr. Brent, Sir Marm. Wyvell, Mr. Hoar, Sir Tho. Pope Blount, Mr. Stoiiehouse, Mr. Wharton, Sir Tho. Roberts,

Mr. Champnyes, Mr. Desboven/, Mr. Thornhagh: And

Paul'*

Cathedral,

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Cluck, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning to prevent Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Distillers, and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, others chargeable with the Duties of Excite, to consider of the Bill for completing the building and Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake have Leave to go adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Pauls, London. into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions,

Leave of Absence,

fc- H

‘‘tO -i‘j

iv,

'ft!

i n. L

:n;.p.

at

fiion

Hade

''ith

tffil!,

'H

capon, at tse

: Tide rota

9 W. III.

Supply Bill; The House according to the Order of the Day, re-D.-muencies, solved it felt into a Committee of the whole House, to Mock, &c. consider of the Bill for making good the Deficiences of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the publick Credit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Little tin reported from the said Committee, That they had made fume Progiels in the Matter to them referred , and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Re/blvcd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A frienti Resolved, That this House will, upon Company. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Trade to Africa: and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

73*

Portions for his younger Children, according to a Power reserved to him in his Marriage-Settlement; but could not be executed by him, by reason of his Lunacy, after his Marriage; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Roger Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children, in regard he, being a Lunatick, could not execute a Power in his Marriage-Settlement for that Purpose.

Ordered That Mr. Skackerly do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Western have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That the Lord Digby have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. York have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagnohl have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. JVatlington have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

6° — 8° Martii.

1C I! 2

Mill's

Sinecure.

fail

/ Tinners 1 ' Trade.

..I

i!:!; :it

)ue is

ifes-

tiojctL

mMi

iii|T'Ti£ *1. -i ' Privilege-

led; $ Persons pe-

til ion for

Di (charge.

lfii'tfli

',ijd

Jlf VMtl>y Hatbulir

,'ri

Jr.fi

; a

1*

Crowle*! t . Lftatt.

ve<

Lit nee, 8* die Martii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for re-vesting the Sinecure of Llan-

dinam, in the County of Montgomery, in John Spademan, in Trust for Joseph Hill, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-velting the Sinecure of in

the County of Montgomery, in Spademan, Clerk.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Tinners in the County of Devon was presented to, the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are very much impoverished, and the Tin Trade very much impaired, by the falling Price thereof, from 61. to about 5os. per Hundred Weight, for want of some Laws to regulate that Trade, and to redress feme other Grievances, partly represented to the House in a late Proposal for raising the Price of Tiu; And praying, That their Grievances may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tinners in the County of Cornwall is referred.

A Petition of Thomas Rally and John Browne, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege by them committed against Robert Moncton Esquire, a Member of this House, was presented to the House, and read; acknowledging their Offence, and begging Pardon for the fame: And praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Bally and John Brown be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to

A Petition of divers of the Company of Merchants of- importing England, trading into the Levant Seas, was presented to Goods from the House, and read; letting forth, That Two of his l^ky. Majesty's Ships took two French Ships, called afterwards the Success and Dragon Prizes; which were carried into

Turley; where the Petitioners Factors, being ignorant of the Statute of the 12 Car. lid, which prohibits the Importation of Goods from Turly in any foreign-built Ships, did lade on board them the Petitioners Goods; which had lain in Turkyfeveral Years, for want of Shipping; thinking the y had done good Service therein: But, if the Petitioners be not relieved by the House, they are like to suffer great Lofl'es thereby, or the Goods transported to foreign Nations, to be there manufactured: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Importation of the said Goods; paying such Duties and Customs as are on Goods of the like Kind, notwithstanding the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Relief: And that Mr. and Sir

Tho. Davall do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An iugrofied Bill to enlarge Highways was read the Highway*. Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made.

Prese 1. to leave out "Park:'

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge common Highways.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Vaughan have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

their Discharge. Mr. reported, from the Committee of the whole Ways and

House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means. Sir John Bo/lesreported from the Committee, to whom Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Bill for Repair of the Piers of the Harbour of Whitby, making good the Deficiency of the Provision for the Pay-in the North Riding of the County of York, was comment of the Interestof the Transport-Debt, for the Remitted, That they had made several Amendments to the during of the Resolutions of the said Committee;

Bill: which they had directed him to report to the which they had directed him to report to the House; and 1 Ioufe; and which he read in his Place, with the Cohe- which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in renee; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and

Where the same were read. areas follow; viz.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Re- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, port be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next. That for the making good the Deficiency of this Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt,

An ingrossed Bill for vesting Part of the Estate of for the Reducing of Belaud, a Duty be laid upon all Roger Crowle Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for raising Hawkers and Pedlars.

Vo 1. XI. Resolved,

8® Mar tit.

.A. 1696.

Supply Bill; Duty on Leather.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, settling certain Estates of William James Gentleman, in That the said Duty be Four Pounds per Annum. and upon Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife and That every Hawker, or Pedlar, travelling with a Horse, Children:

Afs, or Mule, do pay 41- per Annum for each Horse,

Afs, or Mule, he shall so travel with, over and above the said Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duties be granted to his Majesty for the,

Term of One Year.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Norris do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Supply Bill; continuing certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to explain the Statute of Merton, and other Improvement Statutes, in relation to the Improvement of Commons, of Coinmom. was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt was presented bebton to the House, and read; setting forth, That the last Act Petltluu-of Parliament, intended for their Relief, did not extend to exempt them from Paying of Chamber-rent; and, by reason of fotne other Defects and Doubts therein, they

of Three Years, for answerin" the Deficiencies, as well of . , ., A» . - ' .,

r\ . , 0 , c are prevented from femng his Majesty, as was provided

the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as lor paying the , J . a a. . J,

Fallowcs'

Ettate.

Rule* for Raffing Private Bill*.

upon Uoals and uuim, as for paying Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Sir John Mamvaring reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Fallowean Infant, to fell an Estate in the County of Chester, to pay Debts secured by Mortgages, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of Rules to be observed in the Palling of private Bills, relating to Sale, or Exchange, of Estates; and to report the same to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Sir Chris.

Musgrove, Mr. Pelham, Sir Win. Cooper, Mr. Moncton, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Moor, Mr. Manley, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Tho. Davalt, Mr. Colt, Sir Win. Hustler, Mr. Smith, Mr. Foley, Sir Sam. BarnardiMr. Travers, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Henley, Sir John Phillips, Sir Row.

Gwyn, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Robert Darers, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Papillon, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Bolles,

Mr. Harvey, Sir Math. AndrMr. Palmes: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

by the said Act; and are detained in Prison, where they are ready to starve: And praying, That they may be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Petitioners Relief.

Resolved, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put p . them in mind, That the Bill, intituled, An Act for en- aMoDeyl couraging the bringing in wrought Plate, to be coined, to the Time does belong to this House to be presented to the Throne; and to desire it may be sent down to this House.

Ordered, That Mr Boyle do carry the said Message.

The Bill being brought by the Clerk of the House of Lords to the Clerk of this House, as Bills relating to Money usually are, the Message wras not sent.

Ordered, That an Entry be made of the Substance of the Bill, as the Reason of the said Proceeding.

The Reason the House insisted to have the said Bill, to be presented by their Speaker to his Majesty, was, for that the same allowed 5 4 per Ounce to be given for Plate to be brought into the Mints, to be coined; and authorized the Commissioners of the Treasury to take 50,000l. out of any Monies lent, or advanced, into the Exchequer, for the paying for such Plate.

Supply Bill; Duties on Paper,

Bringing ia Plate to be coined.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron and Mr. Baron Powis:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Paper, Vellom, and Parchment, to encourage the Bringing of Plate, and hammered Money into the Mints, to be coined, without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir herd, Gentleman Uffier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon

Royal Afnl to Bills.

encouraging the bringing in wrought Plate, to be coined. Paper, Vellom, and Parchment, to encourage the Bring-

Blackwell-hali Market.

Jume*

Eltaie.

without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-h to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Aferedeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by

ing of Plate, and hammered Money, into the Mint, to be coined:

An Act for encouraging the Bringing in of wrought Plate, to be coined:

An Act for continuing certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandize:

An Act to enable the Returns of Juries, as formerly, until the First Day of November 1697:

An Act for the better preventing frivolous and vexatious Suits:

An Act to restore the Markets at Blackwell-hall to the

this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting and Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there:

An

A

io

:'1- of: a:jj

for fc.

0*4;

9 W. III.

8° — 9°

733

A Aat: Weal ol.lt i, fe

'wiJei

Tt Lt t

um ti

tion!*

whOji

ini'ii*

lisiL

1 Ca.

ab

>. ter,;

iii ?>:

1 Died; Ti'c-ae;

r'Jrs

hit i

: ;taL iaiicei

3 Bab

,ce tjs ti, K» i Cl iii lit? left

3'

Supply Bill;

cent I Deficiencies, and Bank Slock, &c.

ad jail

cr/wn I'm;* at, til

0 raitf'}'. j vty*

An Act for enabling JameS"Duke of Ormond to raise Money, by Sale of Woods, and making Leufes for Lives, renewable for ever, for Payment of Debts, and for encouraging English Plantation in Ireland; and for Charles Lord I listen, Earl of Arran in the Kingdom of to make Leases of his Estate in the said Kingdom:

An Act for the Exchange of certain Advowsons between the Bishop of London and Earl of Nottingham;

An Act for the speedy Satisfying of the Debts of Francis late Lord Holies, deceased:

An Act to enable Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet to supply an Omission of a Limitation intended in his Marriage-Settlement, for the Benefit of his Issue Male:

An Act for the Sale of the Estate late of Francis Griffith, late of London, Scrivener, deceased, for Payment of his Debts:

An Act for settling the Estate of Mary an

Infant, upon her Marriage:

An Act to enable the Sale of Lands, late of Jeffrey Stockda/e, in the County of Chester, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for making Provision for Mary his Daughter:

An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, late of Charles Mdeceased, in Trustees, to fell, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, and lay out the Surplus-money in a Purchase of Lands, for the Use of Edvard Milson, and his Heirs, according to the Will of the said Charles Milson:

An Act to enable Nicholas Goodwyn the elder, and Nicholas Goodwin the younger, to fell the Manor of

Winslow, in the County of Bucks; and, with the Monies arising the reby, and other Monies to be advanced by the said Nicholas Goodwyn the elder, to purchase Lands, of a greater yearly Value, to be settled to the same Ul'esas the said Manor is now settled:

An Act for the Vesting of certain Lands of William Milliard, in the County of Hereford, Clerk, in Trustees, for Payment of Debts:

An Act for vesting the Estate of Edv ard Kerry Esquire, lying in Bin-Weston, in the County of in Trustees, to discharge Incumbrances thereon, and to raise Portions for younger Children; and for confirming the Marriage-Settlement of the said Edward Kerry:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Panton Esquire in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and securing a Jointure to Mary his now Wife:

An Act for Naturalizing of John and others:

An Act to enable Edward Leigh Esquire, and Jane his Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manors of Wax and Horsey, and certain Lands and Tenements in the County of Norfolk; and to purchase and settle other Lands to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting and settling certain Estates of William James Gentleman in and upon Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and their Children.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them-referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 9* die Martii;

9® Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Trotman's to velt certain Lands, late of Sa Esquire, EftaU* deceased, lying in Barking, East ham, and

wich, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold; and to settle other Lands, in lieu thereof j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord reys, Mr. Campion, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Chadwick, Mr.

Ash, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Colt, Mr.

Brotherton, Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr. Bltfeild, Sir Cha. Car-

teret, Lord Powlet, Mr. Denton, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Mr. Denz. Onslow, Sir Wm. Honywo Mr. Sir

Robert Cotton, Sir John Phillips, Sir Edward Norryes,

Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Sir Tho.

Day, Mr. Richard How, Mr. Henly, Mr. , Mr.

Paget, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Foley, Sir John Bucknall, Colonel Cranford, Sir Gervas Elites, Mr. Gtoynn, Mr. Monson,

Mr. Herbert; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent,

Essex, and Oxon:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Molyneux, according to Order, presented to the Importing

House a Bill for Importing of several Goods and Mer- Good* from chandizes, laden, in Turkey, bn board the Ships called the r"rkey‘ Successe and Dragon Prizes, paying Customs as if imported by English Ships: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Railing the raile the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1697, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that the Lord William Powlet do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee of Privilege. Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of Richard Vaughan, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- St. Paul's solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Cathedral, consider of the Bill for the completing the Building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dolben reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. XI.

The House, according to Order, resumed the Consideration of the Clause, to be added to the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool; and the Debate touching the ingrafting the said Bill:

And the Clause was read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Debate touching the Ingrossment of the said Bill be further adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Clause be brought in, to make the said Bill more effectual:

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Culliford, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Morris, Mr. Gwyn, Sir John Elwill, Sir Walt. Yonge, Lord Pawlet, Mr.

Pelham; or any Three of them: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

9 A The

Preventing

Exportation of Wool.

9° — i o° Martii.

A. 1696.

Punishing Mutiny and Defer tioiu

Supply Bill; D- ficicucies, and Bank Stock, &c.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing several former A0.S for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel // liar Ion took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Colonel Wharton reported from the said Committee, That they had made several Amendments; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Refoked, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of

n c

several Funds, therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England and for raising the publick Credit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Fallowes*

Inflate.

Mercurii, 10" die;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Fallowcs, an Infant, to fell an Estate in the County of Chester, to pay Debts l'ecured by Mortgages, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Mamcaring do carry the Bill by the House.

Mr. Methwyn, Mr. Slater, Sir WCooper, Mr. White, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Philllpps, Sir Jo.; and all

the Members that are Merchants: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Mr. Payne have Leave to go into the l eave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. AM'euce.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Cohave Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fleming have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Burdet have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Brotherton. according to Order, presented to the Delays a House a Bill to continue the Act, made in the Fifth and Quarter-Sixth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to b':ffions prevent Delays at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Dolben, according to Order, reported from the St. Paul'i

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Cathedral, the completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto

Leave of Abfetijce.;

Privilege — Persons reprimanded and discharged.

Hay-market Paving, &c.

Importing Goods from Turkey.

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitaker have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

John Brown and Thomas Baily, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, were, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where they, upon their Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said John Brou n and Thomas Baily be discharged out of Custody, paying their Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do prosecute the said Brown, and the other Persons concerned, for breaking the House, and making the Assault, for which they are accused.

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Streets where the Carts of Hay and Straw do stand, commonly called the Hay-Market, within the Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, and St.James, within the Liberty of Westminster, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolfed.

A Bill for the Importing of several Goods and Merchandizes, laden, in Turkey, on board the Ships called the

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That a Sum, not exceeding 3,000l. shall be paid, within Four Years, out of the Monies arising by the Act, towards building the Parish-Church of SThomas in cork:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment*, be ingrossed.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-fumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Harbour. Committee, to whom the Bill for Repair of the Piers of the Harbour of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed:

And the Amendments were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That tire Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas (Sir Dyke,

tellers for me X eas,|Sir

Tellers for the Noes, Jo/"1 ElxdU>

' [Mr. Peiry:

So it passed in the Negative.

78.

108.

A Petition of Peter Du Cane, on behalf of himself, and supply B2; others, who have lent great Sums of Money, on the Cre- Deiicwm dit of the additional Impositions, was presented to the ail(i fc:it House, and read; fettina forth. That there are great Stock,w'

" ----- --- ----- ----- --- #..... — 7 — > , WM"n J ~ &-----

Suceesse and Dragon Prizes, paying Customs as if imported Sums of Money in Arrear: And the said Duties being ex-

by English Ships, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Duvall, Sir Henry Colt, Sir John Buehnall, Mr. Thornhu<j;h9 Sir ] 'ran. Masham, Sir John Turner, Mr. Air.

Henley, Mr. Guy, Mr. Molyneu.v, Sir JVm. Bowes, Mr. Johnson, Sir John Bollcs, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. JIalsey, Mr.

pired, and the House being about to re-grant the same for other Purposes, as the Petitioners are informed, by a Bill depending in the House, for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of; and for railing

the publick Credit; the Petitioners therefore pray, That

Gray, Yn fYm. St. Quintin, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Osborne, they may be heard before the said Bill do pass

Ordered,

Supply 1 > i 11;

DeijfU'tii'ith,

and Hank Stuck, dkc.

Cork's

Elute.

Neve's E ftute.

Supply Rill; Delicierc ies, and Dunk Stock, &c.

duties on dal's, &c.

Cork's

Estate.

Leave* of Absence.

Trotman's

Estate,

P W. III.

io‘

i° Martii.

735

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be ref erred to the Committee of the whole Iloule, to w hom the said Pill is committed.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England was presented to the I louie, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners do find, that the Aids and Duties mentioned in the Bill, depending in the House, for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England-, and for raising the publick Credit; will be defective to anl'wer the Ends thereby intended: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit, before the Palling of the said Pill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole Iloule.

the Counties of Kent and Essex, in Trusteee, to be sold; and to settle other Lands, in lieu thereof; was committed.

That they had examined and considered the fame, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Prel's 5. L. 10. leave out the Second Word " from.'

Mr. Blake, according to Order, presented to the House Poor Laws, a Pill for Supplying of feme Defeats in the Laws now in force for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Saturday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for the veiling and settling Part of the Estate of William Cock, of Diitchland, in the County of , Gentleman, in and

upon Truiiees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts: To which they Desire the Concurrence of this House. Alio,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to supply a Defect in an Act for enabling Oliver Neve Esquire to fell Two Houses, in London; and for settling Lands, in the County of Norfolk, of greater Value, to the

Fame Uies; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-fblved itfelt into a Committee of the whole house, to com-fider further of the Bill lor making good the Deficiencies ol several Funds therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of and for railing

the publick Credit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the said Commitee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them reierred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider further of the said Bill,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the daft-makers were referred, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jervis, 11* die Martii;

A Petition of John Lord Culpeper, Baron of Thores way. Lord was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Fairfax'*

That there being a Bill depending in the House, for en- £llate* abling Thomas Lord Fairfax to raise Monies, charged by the late Lord Culpeper, the Petitioner's Brother, deceased,

on his Estate, the Petitioner petitioned the House, to be heard against the said Bill; which was committed, anti the Petition referred to that Committee: That the Committee, on hearing the Petitioner's Counsel, did order the Lord Fairfax to produce a Deed of Settlement of the said Estate, made in 1669: But, instead thereof, he produced only a pretended Copy thereof: And, though the Petitioner's Counsel again infilled to have the said Deed produced, and allb the Settlement on the Marriage of Alexander Culpeper Esquire, eldest Son of the Petitioner's Father, and the Settlement of the Petitioner's Father, before 1640, on the Heir Male of the Family; yet the Committee have proceeded upon the said Pill, and ordered it to be reported to the House: That, if the Lord Fairfax would waive his Privilege,'the Petitioner doubts not to prove a Suppression, or Concealment, of those Deeds and Settlements in the said Tho. Lord who died

indebted to the Petitioner above 6,000l. and has made no Provisionin his Will for Payment of it: But the Petitioner is advised, the said Estate is chargeable therewith in Equity, before any Perl'on can take any thing by Settlement; which were voluntary, and with Intent to defraud:

And praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, at the Par of the House, against the said Bill, before the Report thereof be made from the Committee, to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next: And that the Lord Culpeper be then heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Colonel Pcny, Sir Strickland, Mr. Party Guiles Palmes, Sir Edward Abney, M v.FlemiSir Rare. inbie.ving.

Mr. Freke, Mr. Duke, Mr. Yales, Mr. Mr. Sher-rard, Mr. Harley, Mr. FootOnsloxv, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to repeal a Clause, in a former Act, relating to party Guiles, is committed.

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Ordered, That Sir Phdlip Butler have Leave to go Leave of in the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vetting and settling Fart of the Estate of William Cock, of Dutchland, in the County of Bucks, Gentleman, in and upon Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Done have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to velt certain Lands, late of Samuel Trotman Esquire, deceased, lying in Barking, Eastham, and which, in

Vol. XI.

Ordered, That Mr. Napper have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to Luftring the House a Bill for the further Encouragement of the Manufacture. Luftring Manufacture in England: And the same was received.

A Petition of several Persons who advanced Monies Duties oa

upon the Act for laying several Duties upon Stone, Glass, Glas», c.

and Earthen Wares, Coal, and Culm, was presented to

the house, and read; setting forth, That, upon the

Credit of a borrowing Clause in the said Act, the Petitioner!

11° — 12* Mar tit.

A. 1696.

tioners did advance, for his Majesty's Use, 564,700l.; and that afterwards, by another Afit for continuing to his Majesty certain Duties upon Salt; and for establishing a National Land-Bank; the said Duties on Coal and Culm were taken oft'; and what remained due of the 564,700l. was to be paid out of 2,564,000l. intended to be raised upon Salt, and the Land-Bank; but, the same failing to take Effefit, the Petitioners are deprived of their Security, to their utter Ruin, unless Provision be made by the House for their Satisfaction; and the publick Credit will be otherwise much obstrufiled: That the Petitioners are informed there is a Bill now' passing the House, for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years for answering the Deficiencies as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships and the Duties upon Salt: That, upon the lirifiteft Inquiry they can make, the said Duty upon Leather will but little more than pay the Interest of the Principal, intended to be paid, being 840,000l.: And praying, That the House will make sufficient Provision for Payment of their Principal and Interest, by the time limited by the - first-mentioned Afit; or that they may have their former

Security (taken away without their Consent) restored to them; or elle that they may be heard at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Importing Mr. Molyneuoc reported from the Committee, to whom Goods from the Bill for the Importing of several Goods and Merchan-ur e^‘ dizes, laden, mTurkey, xm board the Ships called thee«aes'.?e and Dragon Prizes, paying Customs as if imported by English Ships, was committed, That they examined and considered the fame, and made some Amendments; which they had direfited him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Warner'* Mr. Heveningham reported from the Committee, to

Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An

Afil explaining a former Afit of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of EdmundIVamer, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for preserving the rest, for the Benefit of his Heir; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame, and the Petitions to them referred; and had made several Amendments; which they had direfited him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of England

Company. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Condition of the said Company is such, and their Charge and Losses so insupportably great, that they amount to, since the War, near 400,000l.; and that the State of Affairs are such, that they are rendered uncapable any longer to continue the Trade to Africa, and maintain the Forts and Fafitories there upon that Foundation: And praying, That their Forts and Fafitories may be maintained by such who trade to Africa: or that the Petitioners may have Leave to dispose of the fame, to their most Advantage, to such Persons who are in Amity with this. Crown; lb that thereby they may be enabled to pay their Debts.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate and settle the Trade to Africa is committed;

*7

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^'* Campion: }»

Tellers for the Noes,j|rr: } "

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition be.rejefited.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning African next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company, to consider of the Bill.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Preservaiim County of Monmouth was presented to the House, and oC read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better Relief of the Subjefit against Weirs and Dams, which take and destroy Fifti, and the Fry of Fish, within the Rivers of this Kingdom: That there are several Rivers in the said County, whereon are several Forges and Iron-works erefiled; which without the Continuance of Weirs anil Dams, thereto belonging, cannot be of Use; and more particularly, the Forge lately erefiled on the River Uske, by John Taylor Ironmonger, to which their is a Weir belonging; the Iron-w ork whereof employs great Numbers of poor People: That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the said Iron-works, and Dams and Weirs, wiil be destroyed; which w ill be of great Detriment to the Proprietors thereof in particular, and the said County in general: And praying, That either the said Bill unay not pass, or that Provision may be made therein for the Pre-lervation of all Iron-works, and the Weirs and Dams thereto belonging.

o o

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill: solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Deficiency, consider further of the Bill for making good the Defi- 30(1 Binl ciencies of several Funds therein mentioned; and for htoc inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had direfited him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the pun;(li;n? whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several former Mutiny and Afits for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, Desertion. or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punitliing false Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was committed; be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Martii;

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

\ BIL L for the further Encouragement of the Luftring Lu^g JLX. Manufafiture in England was read the First time. Mauuktm Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into vvamer'i Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom Eta. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Afit

explaining

t'4

Trotman's lift ate.

i.

tj

rb

td

ore

'i

Leare of )v-r* Abitjnce.

to 4

A I*

Pro-ty ia

; not Irnporting

_Prt. Goods irorn

i Turkey.

m J

£ b

rje, M el>i-3 jni ioi

!|(i ' u!il

mills,

nniiS, alter to attiie?

Mom-

i trtide

, St. Paul's :0lWs Cathedral.

lomitT-; muting ui tali *Vrf

ittTd"

PunilYing Mutiny and Desertion.

tiltlf'

I,

ftht®

.t)A3

9 W. III.

explaining a former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of JVarner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir; w as committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were read a Second, time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest certain Lands, late of Samuel Esquire, de-

ceased, lying in Barking, Eustha and // ooll-tsrich. in the Counties of Kent and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold; and to settle other other Lands, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with an Amendment: To which Amendment they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingossed Bill for the importing several Goods and Merchandize, laden# in Turkey, on board the Ships called the Success and Dragon Prizes, paying Customs as if imported l>y English Ships, was read the Third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Success, and Dragon Gaily Chalk not incur any Forfeiture; for lading any Goods, in Turky, on board them:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made in the Bill, Pr. i, L. 7, to leave out " built," and insert " Ships;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the importing several Goods and Merchandize, laden, in Turkey, on board the Ships called the Success and Dragon Gaily, paying Customs as if imported by English Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Alolyneux do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingossed Bill for the completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the completing the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London; and for repairing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter,

Ordered, That Mr. Dolbendo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Colonel Wharton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or delcrt his Majesty's Service; and for punishing falle Mu iters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer: was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w'ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and all of them, except Clause A, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vol. XI.

737

Clause A; That, if any Gaoler shall refuse to take the Oaths required by an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, for Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt, or Damages, upon the Oath of the Clerk of the Papers, made to the Entry of the Action, it shall be as effectual as the Oath of the Gaoler would have been, to discharge any Person, under 50 Years old, who will serve himself, or find an able Person to serve for him, in his Majesty'9 Service; being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

A Clause w as offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That Innkeepers may furniffi the Soldiers Money instead of Provisions, if they please: v

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Ploule to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, for Justices of Peace to regulate the Quartering of Soldiers:

And the same was tu'ice read; and the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Floule to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and p,eVenting Mr. Meredeth: the Purchase

Mr. Speaker, and Sale of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An AO; °ffices* to prevent the buying and selling Offices and Places of Trust, with lbme Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the in- Preventing grossing the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation Exportation of Wool, be further adjourned until Wed- otVV'ool. nej'dayMorning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Duties on w hom the Petitions of the Glass-makers were referred, be Glass, &c. taken into Consideration upon Thitrfday Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- supply Bill-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Duty on consider of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for Leather, the Term of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had considered the Matter of the Petition to them alfio referred; and had directed him to report the fame. Specially to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning,

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

9B

ia° Martii.

13* Ma

A1696.

Hay-market Paving, fcc.

Leave of Abii&ace.

Sabbati, 13* die Martii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing, paving, and regulating, the Streets where the Carts of Hay and Straw do Hand, commonly called the Hwithin the Pa-

rilhes of St. Martin in the Fi, and St. , within

the Liberty of Westminster, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving and regulating the Hay-market, in the Parishes of St. Martin's in the Fields, and St. James', within the Liberty of Westminster.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Bushy Mansell have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee That they do leave out of the Bill the Clause relating to r orefts: And also, That they are to have Power to re-Clause, to explain the Acts of Settlement of

ceive a Service.

the Lords, by Sir Cook and

Luftring

Manufacture.

A Message from

Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Trotman', this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to vest certain tlilute. Lands, late of Samuel Trotman Esquire, deceal'ed, lying in Barking, Eastham, West ham, and in the

Counties of Kent and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold; and to settle other Lands, in lieu thereof. All'o,

The Lords desire a Conference with this House, in the LontsiMre Painted Chamber, this Day at One of the Clock, upon aCoiiferew. the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Bill for the further Encouragement of the Luftring Manufacture in England was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Math.

Andrews, Mr Storehouse, Mr Colt, Sir Mami.Wyvell, .

Sir Rowland Gzcynn, Sir Win. Bowes, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. mt0 the Country, upon extraordmary Occasions.

Arnold, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Fuller, Lord

Ordered, That Sir William Rich have Leave to go have of

\v

Lilute

arner s

Ranelagh, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Moyle, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Foley, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr.

Mr. Gery, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Robert

Cotton, Sir William Lout her, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Palmes,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Tregeagle, Sir God fry Copley, Mr. Fleming, Sir Fra. Mashum, Sir Mr. Ha-

tnond, Sir Win.Hustler, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Blaahe, Sir

Fra. Windham, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Gardner, Colonel Perry,

Mr. Mountstevens: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingossed Bill* from the Lords, intituled, An Act explaining a former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of Edmund 1 Earner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do . pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Heveninghdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That thislloufe hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Lord Burleigh have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The Lord William Pcadet, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for raising the Militia, for the Year 1697, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And the same w as received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Absence.

Railing the MiliUi.

Rank Stock, &c.

Paving and

cleansing

Streets.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and enforcing the Act, made in the 2d Year of his Majesty's Reign, for paving and cleansing the Streets within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Streets adjoining the reunto: And that Sir Henry Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Supply Hi? the whole House, to whom the Bill for making good the ncdcitm*, Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned; and for n""t enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit.....That they have Power

to receive a Clauseto lengthen the Time for the Governors of the Plantations to take the Oaths appointed in the Act, made the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power also to receive a Clause for the better Currency to the Bills, to be ifl'ued out of the Exchequer, pursuant to the Act, passed this Session, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating Proceedings in Proceed® Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next. 11 J'

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commit*

Poor Laws. A Bill for the Supplying of some Defects in the Laws now in force, for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blaake, Mr. Monckton, Sir Rowland Sir Henry Colt, Mr.

Gerrard, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ash, Sir Robert Smith, Mr.

Mr. Tho. Foley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Slater, Mr. Thornhagh, Lord Coningsby, Mr. White, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Tayler, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Tregeagle, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Sir Cha. Sidley,

Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Molyneux, Mr. Machell, Mr. Moor, S'wWm. Lowther, Mr. Air.

Lowther, Dr. Oxenden, Mr. Thompson, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr Bertie, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Clark, Sii Sir Wm.Honyxvood, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Gery, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fleming; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Southampton, Wilts, and Principality of Wales:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

A Bill to continue the Act, made in the 5th and nth Delays at Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to pie-vent Delays at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace; which is near expiring; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air Brother-ton, Mr. Newport, Lord Paulet, Sir Yonge, Mr. Boscawen, Sir John Phillips, Sir Jos. Tyly, Sir John El'wiil,

Sir ScroopHoxv, Mr. Colt, Mr. Yates, Mr. Vice-Chatnber-lain, Su Jcrv. Elwes, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Boyle, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Mouse n, Sir Row Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Thornhagh, Dr. Oxenden, Mr, Gardner, Sir John Bollcs, Mr. BSir ther, Colonel Granvill, Mr. Foley, Mr. Blofeild, Sir

Herbert Crofts, Sir Edward ErnSir Tho. Mr. Slater, Mr. Cox, Mr. Sat ford :And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Colonel Wharton, according to Order, reported, from priyfce, the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Alatter,

as

;'A

l *:*

lie L-

2C

y.t

Opi

to 5

p>i

; ir ;>

vfcn ;0ud it -andMr*

M:u

titer

OVLTl'T} jFraifr,

id so

!;vi in it o; iLe ii'A fi nij-k able ;of

dins ic1

iSciOflii:

Conference . with Lords.

ant!

<»rf

«!;!J

5-ir-

Mr.

[h<l

aisto'

>'e!*

nM

.71.

,,.!>

il*

V*.

;c>(,

s#

ojs&

u "

P

9 W. III.

as it appeared to the Committee, upon the Petition of Richard Vaughan, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms

attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege against Robert Moncton Esquire.a Member of this House; and the

Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

That, on the behalf of the Petitioner, was called several Witnesses; viz.

John Daily, One of the Servants to the Petitioner: Who laid, I Ie was working in the Pore-part of his Matter's Shop, and that Brown snatched up the Hammer; and he allied him, What he would do with it? He told him, He w ould bring it back again presently: That afterwards he went to fee for his Matter's Hammer, and did fee Brou n strike the Door: But his Matter did not stir from the Fire till all was over.

Charles Heddonsaid, He was Servant to Air.

And that he law the Blow's given at Air. Moncton's Door: That Brown's Son said, He had an Order for Body and Goods: That he supposed the Petitioner knew what was doing at Air. Moncton's House; for that the Blows might be heard as far as the Petitioner's House: But the Petitioner was not present at the breaking open the House.

John Jeffries laid, He few Brown, and his Son, in the Street, before Brawn went for the Hammer; and that afterwards he law Brown run for the Sledge: But believes he did not stay in the Shop lb long as he could alk a Question, or receive an Answer.

Peter Colly and IVm. Bates, Servants to the Petitioner, said, They were in their Matter's Shop; but did not fee Brown take away the Sledge, they being backwards, at the Tire, and One of them working with his Mutter.

That, on behalf of the Petitioner, were also called, John Deane, IVi m.Simonds, Dorcas Slot her, HannahYoung, Jlichard James, Jane. PUmicr,* A and Hughes:

The Substance of w hole Evidence was, (a) [That the Petitioner was] not present at the Breaking open of Air. Moncton's House:

But it did also appear, by all their Evidence, That the said Petitioner did not any way oppose arid his

Son, in breaking open Air. Moncton's Door, nor look after his Hammer till the Door was broke open.

So the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Vaughan Blacksmith was accelTury to John Broun, and others, in breaking open the House of Robert Monchton Esquire, a Member of this House.

The said Resolution being read a Second tinfe, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Richard Vaughan be, for his said Offence, committed to the GatehouJ'e.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference, do manage the Conference with the Lords. And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Mdhxcynreported, That the Conference was ma-

naged by the Lord Steward: Who acquainted them, That the Lords insisted upon their Amendments to the Bill to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there; and gave their Reasons for the fame, as followeth; viz.

In the 4th, 21th, and 32th Lines of the ift Skin; the 27th and 32th Lines of the 2d Skin; and in the 6th, 9th, and 14th Lines of the 3d Skin:

Because, the Design of this Bill seeming to be for the Encouragement of the Manufacture of this Kingdom, and preserving the Money within the same, which is usually sent abroad to purchase foreign Silks; the Lords conceive, it cannot be effectual, for either of those Ends, unless the Prohibition be general; without which, the Silks that (a) Supplied from the original Keport,

Vo* XI.

739

will infallibly be imported from France, Italy, and Holland, w ill carry at least as much Money out of the Kingdom as ever, and be as great a Discouragement to our own Manufacture:

And their Lordships are of Opinion, That the general Prohibition w ill no more endanger the Lois of the Trade with those Countries, than the particular Prohibition will that with Persia and India; which the Lords cannot suppose is deligned to be loft by this Bill.

That the Lords inflit on the Amendments, made by' their Lordships, in the 38th Line of the ift Skin, and the 4th Line of the 2d Skin:

Because, if there be not a Penalty imposed upon the Wearing, as well as upon the Sale of any Commodity that is prohibited, such Prohibition w ill be totally ineffectual; which the Lords conceive the Bill, as it came from the Commons, to be defective in:

That their Lordships conceive, That the Imposing of pecuniary Penalties of this Nature is no charging of Aloney upon the People; because nothing can truly be called so, which is w ithin the People's Choice, not to pay if they please; as they need not to do in this Cafe, unless they will wilfully break the Law; which is made for the Welfare of the State, and not for Taxing of the Subject:

And their Lordships cannot imagine, how the imposing a Penalty, in a Legislative Way, can well be denied toarife properly in their House; when, according to the Law of the Land, their Lordships in a judicial Way, are in possession of that undoubted Right by themselves alone.

That the Lords inlilt on their Amendments in the Title of the said Bill, for the Realons aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon TuesdayMorning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved Supply Bill; itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Deficiencies, further of the Bill for making good the Deficiencies Qf Stock, several Funds therein mentioned; and so? enlarging the "J Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publrck Credit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had heard the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon their Petition, the Consideration whereof was referred to the said Committee; and had directed him to report the Matter thereupon to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday

11 ing next.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the special Report from the Committee supply Bill} of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider Duty on of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term Leather, of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt; which was to have been made this Day; be made uponThurfday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

130 Martii.

150 Martii.

A. 1696.

Lump, 15* die

9* Gulielnji Tertii.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Tanners using Leaden-hall Market, Dotvon on behalf of themselves, and several other Tanners, was Leather, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for laving a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies as well of the late Duties upon Coals

Letters of Marque.

Lord

Fairfax's

Estate.

ORDERED, That the Report from the Committee, and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, relating and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the to Letters of Marque, was referred, be made upon Wed*Duties upon Salt; by which Bill there is no Provision made ttejilay Morning next. for allowing the Merchant to draw back the said Duty,

upon the Exportation of the said Commodity; which will Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax and Mr. Peshall be greatly hinder the Exportation thereof, and occasion the heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar, this Day, for the Duty to tall upon the raw Hide; and consequently,-dif- Bill for enabling the said Lord Fairfax to raise Monies, courage the Breeding of Cattle, and lower the Value of

charged by the late Lord , on his Estate.

Privilege of A Petition of Eliz.Lilbnrne Widow, and Eleanor

Land and Bark: And praying, That a Clause may be received, by the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, for allowing the Merchant a

a Member in burn Spinster, eldest Daughter of the said Eliz.w as pre- Draw back upon the Duty ot Exportation.

qI t* 1 . .1 vi i* f 1 ^*1,9vt/t^ I*.a a*! % /\ /n» % /j ik.-v «vm ^Vv rx

Privilege —

Faf<* of SheriUs.

rented to the House:

And the same relating to Mr. a Member of this

House; who not Itcing in the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Car do attend, in his Place, upon ThurjilayMorning next; and that the said Petition be then read.

A Petition of John Douhleday Merchant, and Anne his Wife, formerly the Wife of G'c Ellison, was presented to the I louie:

And the same relating to the said Mr. Car;

Ordered, That the said Petition be read upon Morning next.

Ordered, That a Mess.ige be font to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill for the Eaic ot Sheriffs in Execution of their Offices, and passing their Accounts.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel do carry the said M ell ago.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Loxvndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties "butM. upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against as for the

necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occ dions: And the same was received.

The Bill w as read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth

Tellers for the Yeas /Sir HenrV Hobart> lellets for the leas, y/ m

Tellers for the Noesj1^;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

52-

Lord

Fairfax'*

Filate.

Ordered, 1 lmt the Bill be read a Second time upon

Sir John Philipps, according to Order, reported from Wednesday Morning next, the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Fairfax to raise Monies, charged by the late Lord Culpeper, on his Estate, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which lie read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read the Fir It time.

Then the Counsel for the Lord Lord Fairfax,

and Mr. Peshall, were called in; and heard, at the Bar, against and for the Bill.

And then they withdrew-.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, Supply b: from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Peficiwt* Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, BankSt®, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bankot England-, and for raising the publick Credit; was committed; the Matter, upon the Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, specially to the House:

That they had heard the Governor and Company of the Bank, upon their said Petition; and had directed him to make a lumniary Report of what they insisted on; and

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee, to to it ay further Proceedings upon the Bill in the mean the said Bill, were read a Second time, one by one; and, time; viz.

upon the Question l'cverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Flint Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crow n, to make out a new Writ, for elect-

That they did very much doubt, upon the Computations they had made of the Funds, granted by the said Bill, the same would not be lutficient to pay Principal and Interest, at 8 /. per Cent, of the Tallies that were intended to be provided for; v

That the Deficiencies amounted to 2,287,997/.; the Interest whereof, at 8 /. per Cent, came to 183,039/. 15s.:

ing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the And that they estimated the Iloule-Money at but 60,000l. Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, in the room of per Ann. and the additional Impositions but at 38,000l. Sir Roger Pules ton Knight, cleccaled. per Ann; so there remained 8,5,039 /. 155. ]>er Ann.;

and that it might be feared the Total would be above

Duty on A Petition of the Clothiers and Stuff-makers of the

Woollen Ma- Borough of Kidderminster, in the County o(Worcester,e\ns nuiadmes. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Borough hath been a very ancient Cloathing-Town; but, for want of Employment therein, the Inhabitants have made a Sort of Stuff, mixed with Woollen and Linen, called Kidderminster Stull'; which employs many Thoufajuls of poor People: That, in case a Duty of 10 /. per Cent, should be laid upon those Manufactures, as, the Petitioners under and, the House intends, it will ruin the Petitioners, and starve the Poor: And praying the House to find out loine other Way to raise the said Duty.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to

120,000l. more; besides a great Arrear of 11116160, due and grow ing due, above the Deficient Funds: And that there was 7,382 /. 11s. 4 d already charged upon the House-Money, and the (A. per Ounce for wrought Plate, brought into the Mints: And that there would remain charged on the Hereditary Salt, Glal's, Ifc. 1,711,500 /. principal Money; which, at 8 Cent. Interest, amounted to 136,920/. per Ann.: And that they eftirnated the Salt but at Co,000 /. per Annum; and the Glass, but

at 20,300l.; so there remained, to complete that annual Interest, 56,920 /. per Annum: And that they eftirnated the Duties upon Marriages, &c. at 30,000l.; which being already charged with 648,000 /. Principal, at 8/. per

Cent.

9W. III. 15° — 1

Cent, amounted to 51,840 I. per Ann*; so there would then be an annual Deficiency of 21,840/. And that they estimated the Tonage and Poundage but at 350,000 L per Ann. and the continued Impositions on Wines, 8$c. at 350,000 /. By which It appeared. That there would be a Deficiency in the Provision for a present annual Interest of the Funds, mentioned in the Bill, of 163,799/. 15 betides the Overplus of the 1,200,000l. Principal, and the Arrears of Interest; and that, at the End of the Term, there would remain a Deficiency of above 1,400,000l. (a) [Principal Money]:

And that they further said. That they we;v directed, by the General Court, to say. That though they had submitted to be grafted upon, yet it vras upon this Suppo-fition. That such Funds should be settled as should anl'wer the Principal and Interest, at 8/. per Centum, of such Tallies as might possibly be subscribed in to them: And that they laid, they hoped this House would make them sufficient; and, if they were not, they were not w illing to be grafted upon.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to a Committee.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee formerly appointed to consider of, and state to the House, the Nature of the Deficiencies of Parliamentary Funds, and of the several Duties voted by the House; and how the said Deficiencies might be best provided for by those Duties:

And that Sir William Williams, Sir Step. Evans, Mr. Lowther) Mr. Hoare, Mr. Arnold\ Doctor Oxenden, Mr. Travers, Mr. Henley, Sir John Ekcilly Mr. Onslow, Mr. Colt, Mr. 13oscazccn, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Jcfftyes, Lord Pozclett, Mr. Cooper, be added to the said Committee: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

African The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

C'ompany. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Trade to Af rica.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Noi'ris reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hodfe, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 16° die;

9° Gulielmi Tevtii.

Prate rs.

Railing the A BIL L for raising the Militia for the Year 1697, Militia. J\ although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Prefemtion A Petition of the Deputy Lieutenants, Justices of the ffish. Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said County formerly received much Benefit by the great Plenty of Salmon, and other Fish, in the several Rivers thereof; but now, by reason of the many high Weirs erefited thereon, the Fish are obstructed in their free Course; and the Spawn and Fry thereof (a) Supplied from the original Report.

Vol. XI.

5° Martii. 741

shamefully destroyed; to the Prejudice of the whole County: And praying such Rediel's of those great Abuses as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report he made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief of the Subject against Weirs and Dams, which take and destroy Fish, and the Fry of Fish, within the Rivers of this Kingdom, is committed.

Sir Henry Colt, according to Order, presented to the Paving and House a Bill to explain and enforce the Act, made in the 2d Year of his Majesty's Reign, for paving und cleansing the Streets within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Streets adjoining the reunto: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Richard Vaughan, Prisoner in the Gate- Privilege_

house, by Order of this House, and before in Custody of A person the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach for

of Privilege, committed against Robert Moncton El'quire, c ar^e‘ a Member of this House, was presented to the House, and read; whereby he acknowleged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the lame: And prayed to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Richard Vaughan be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees to the Officers of this House, and the Gatehouse.

Sir William Bozces reported from the Committee, to Preservatioa

whom the Bill for the belter Relief of the Subject against °* F‘(U. Weirs and Dams, which take and destroy Fish, and the Fry of Fish, within the Rivers of this Kingdom, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing several former Acts for Punishing' punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert Mutiny and his Majesty's Service; and for punishing false Musters; D,fertion* and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Marine Regiments shall be under, and l'ubjeft to, the like Penalties as the Land-Soldiers are:

And the same was twice read; and amended by the House:

And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's Service; and for punishing falle Musters; and for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer.

Ordered, That Colonel Wharton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Raidand Guyn reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for the further Encouragement of the Munufacture. Luftring Company in England was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,1 with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Company of Cordwainers, , Doty cn

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Leather, there is a Bill depending in the House, for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, to raise r 9 C Money

Money for answering the Deficiencies as well of the late Duties upon Coais and Culm, and the Ton age of Ships, as of the Duties upon Sqlt; and that, the Petitioners are informed, a Claulyjs offered, to be added tHereto, for drawing back the Duty on Exportation; which will not only lessen the said Duty, but prejudice the Petitioners, and ryin other Artificers working in Leather: And praying, That they may be heard by the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, to make out their Objections against the said Clause.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Preventing The House proceeded to take into Consideration the the purehale Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled. Offices.* ° -An Act to prevent the buying and selling Offices and Places of Trust:

And the same were read; and Are as follow;

The lit and 2d of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree Wifo the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause B being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by Adding, after " Assize," these Words " the Court of " Chancery, the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commonalty, " and Citizens, of the City of London, and all other Cities And Corporations

The same was agreed unto by the House:

Then the Queliion being put, That the I ioufe do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, i'o amended;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause C being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It paised in the Negative,

The lall Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It paised in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference.

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Mr. Attorney

General, Colonel Wharton, Sir Sir Eduard

Sei/'mour, Sir Roxvlaiul Mr. Newport, Mr. Waller, Mr. Metlacyn, Mr. Moyl, Mr, Brother ton, Mr

Mr. Slba/tc, Mr. Fdley, Mr. lord Spencer, Sir

Richard Temple,. Lord Paxe let, Sir Tho. Sir

Tho. Dyke, Mr. Boyle, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir C bid-ley, Mr, Colt, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Arnold: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Leave of Ordered, That Sir Richard Temple have Lfeave to 'go Absence. into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Foreign Bills A Petition of several Merchants of the City of London, of £xchange. on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners look bpon it as a great Inconvenience to Trade, that there is no jpublick Place appointed in the City of London for Payment of foreign Bills of Exchange; for want of which, Merchants are 'obliged to give a constant Attendance at Home, from Morning to N ight, on the Day that the Bill Tufts due: And praying, That all publick Notaries may be enjoined to draw no Protest for Non-payment of foreign Bills of Exchange, unless Payment thereof be first demanded at the Bank of England, as well as at the Houses of the Persons that have accepted the Bills.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Mr. N)rris, according to (!)riler, presented to the house

20

a Bill for laying a Duty Upon Hawkers.and Pftftots; for Hawkers ami making good tile f^rovilron for Payment off thd Ifttbreft PedlawDutv. of the Transport-t)ebt, for the Rediicfog of Treldnd:

And the same was received.

Tile Bill was rea'd the First time.

Resotved, That thfe Bill be rfead A Second time.

A Meltage froth ttaA Lord's, by Sir Cook and

Mr. Pitt:

Mr. SpeAkhr,

The Lords have Agreed to thfe Amendment, made by Warners this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act explaining a Eilaie. former Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the EftAte of Edmu/td Warner, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importin' for importing lseveral Goods And Merchandize, laden, in Goodsitwp Turkey, on board the Ships called the and Dragon

Gaily, paying Customs as if imported by English Ships, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Keportof into Consideratiort the Report of the Conference With the Lords, upon Saturday 1‘aft, touching the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Wearing of all Wrought Silks and Bengals, iui ported into this Kingdom from Persia and East India, and all CallicOes printed or stained there:

And the ift Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put thereupon, That the House do infill upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 2d Amendment being read A Second time;

And the Question being put thereupon. That the House do insist upon their Disagreement With the Lords in thfe said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 4th Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put thereupon, That the House do insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 5th Amendment being rfead A Second time;

And the Question being put thereupon. That the House do insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It w as resolved in the Affirmative.

The 6th Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being ptrt thereupon, That the House do insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendment;

Tt Was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 7th Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question befog put thereupon, ThAtthe House do Insist upon their Disagreement With the Lords in the said Amendment;

It Was refolded In foe Affirmative.

The 8th Atnendment being read A Sefeond time*;

And the Question befog put, That the House do insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Aniferidment;

It Was reformed in the Affiimktive.

The pth Amendment being redd a Second time;

Aiid the Question Being piit theferiphn, That the Hodfe ‘ do irifift up'on their Disagreehforit With the Lords in "the said Ametiamerit;

It was rfefolved in the Affirmative.

Tfie 16th Arrlefidriient bcing 'read a Sfecdttd time;

And the Questfonbeing!put thterfeupriri, That the House

do,

I*

Conference delircd with Lords.

Supply Bill; Duty on Leather.

p W. III.

do insist upon their Difegrccnient with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The nth Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do inflft upon their Difegreement with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The lait Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Questiort being put thereupon, That the House do inflft upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the lait Conference.

Ordered, That Mr. Heveningltam do go to the Lords,

and desire the said Conference.

Mr. Hevertingkamreported, That he having, according to Order, been at the I^ords, to desire a flee Conference; they anfvrered, That tlitey would return art Answer by Messengers of their own.

Resolved, That this House wifi, upon Friday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee Of the w'hole House, to corrfider further off the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term Of Three Years, to raile Money for anfoerirrg the Deficiencies, as w ell of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, and the Tonage of Ships, as the Duties upon Salt.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

743

Trades; and what they do get will probably cost them 30 I. per Cent.: And praying, I hat tho House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that a Drawback of the said Duty upon Leather may not be allowed upon Exportation thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole Housei to whoth the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as well the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as lor paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships and the Duties upon Salt, is committed.

Sir William Strickland reported from the Committee, to Bridlingtoa

W hom the Bill for the Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, Barbour, alias Burlington Bay, in the East Riding of the Countjr of York, was committed, That they had made several

Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him t® report to the House; and which he lead in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with some other Amendments.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That a Clause be brought in, upon the Third Reading of the Bill, to call the Proprietors of the Estabe liable to repair the said Piers to an Account, for the Profits thereot; and to apply the fiune towards the Repair of the said Piers: And that Colonel By tv It/, Sir St. Quid-

tin, and Mr. Moncton, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

i(5° — 17" Martii.

iCi

Jilt

P R A Y E It S.

Mcrcttrii, 17* die;

t)° Gulielmi Tertii.

Ordered, That L cave be given

to bring

Lord Fair- Jk JSf ingrossed Bill for enabling the Right honourable tax S Estate. Thomas Lord 1 airfax to raise Monies, charged by

1,4.~ T.J/U..... _ u* r*/*. . \

in a Bill to

enforce the Act, passed the last Session, for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen: And that Mr.llussettend Sir Richard Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Incrwde of Seamen.

o

\d»

iii»

u

id

ii

'Jit

Duty o« Leather.

Sir Herbert Crofts reported from the Committee, to Deficienci# whom the Consideration of the special Report from the of funds. Committee of the whole House, of last, was

re-

Doty on

Woollen Ma-nuikduits.

the late Lord Culpeper, on his Estate, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that tlte Title be, ferred, That they had considered the feme accordingly; An Act to enable Thomas Lord Fair fur, of the Kingdom ail°l had beard the Governor and Company of the Bunk; of Scotland, to raile Monies, charged by Thomas lord alld bad come to a Resolution; which they bad directed Culpeper, deceased, upon his Estate. him to report to the House; and which he read in his

Ordered, That Sir John Phillips do carry the Bid to die Place; and afterwards delivered in at tire Clerk's Table; LoVds, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Petition of the Mayor, Burgdlfes, AssistantS, find Other That the Funds granted may be sufficient to an Aver the Inhabitants, of the Town and Pfirllh of Tiverton, in the Principal and Interest, within the Term Of Ten Years; County of Dcvtoh, was preletited to the House, and read; But that there will at present be wanting about the Sum of setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, tffe HoOfe 50,0001, per Annum, to make good an Interest of Eight intends to laya Duty Upon all Woollen Cloths; to be paid Pounds Centum for all Tallies which have at.present by the first Buyer: That, if the said Duty should be laid, no Funds, ifthey be all subscribed into file Bank.

the Petitioners apprehend it will greatly prejudice the Trade of Our Woollen Martufafiture here; becausemaMy Artificers havk; already gone from hence Into Holland and Ireland; Where they can mlder-work us, and have greater Encouragement than they have here: And praying, That

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by die House.

Resolved, That the 'Committee of (he whole House, to whom the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of

& Duty may not be laid (ipdntbe Wodlten'Manufactures; several Funds, therein mentioned; and for inlarging the but that the House would find some other Why to fopply Capital Slock of (he Bank of and for raising the

his Majesty sCteeafions. publick Credit; is committed; be impowered to consider

Ordered, That the said 'Petition1 do lie upon the Table -of Way®-and Means to-make good the -Interest of Eight

until the Bill for the said Duties be brought in.

Pounds per Cent, for all Tallies which have at present no Fund, if they shall be febfer/bed into 'the Bank.

A Petition of tile Shoemakers, Wool-Card-makers,

'and Sudless, of the Borough df Cohihi'ster, in the County Of

Esser, on behalf of themselves, and others,'in the adjacent Parishes, was pfoferiteri to the House, and read-; letting forth, That the Petitioners uhderstand fi Duty of 151, ptr Ckiit. is intended to be laid bpon all :Lfeiither; -and that the Merchants labour to draw ba<tk the said I)uty, tipch the Exportation thereof; which will not only teffen life ‘'and Mr. Pitt:

Amount of the said Dilty'iAobe‘than a Third Part, but it Mr. Speaker, . F.

will make Leather so dear and loafce here, that the Bed- Tile ‘Lords have'Ugreed to -the-ftft, inhtuled, An Act st-P^ tioners will not befcWe to get eboagh to carry on their 'for the completing the baMding end wdornnig the

Vo 1. XI.

Ordered, That the Report from the 'Committee, to whom betters of the Petition of several Merchants, relating to Letters ot Marque. Morgue, was referred, !be made opost Saturday Morning mexL

rAMtflhge'frorn the-Lords, by Sir Richard Hijfond

dra1

170 — 18°

A. 1696.

Warburton Eft ate.

dral Church of St. Paul's, London; and for repairing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster; with One Amendment: To which Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell the Estate of Richard Warburton

Preventing Exportation of Wool.

Irish Arrears*

Supply Bill; Deficiencies, and Bank Stock, &c.

already is reduced to so low an Ebb, that there is not a Tenth Part of the Wool wrought up in the Kingdom as used to be; and, consequently, a great Impoverishment must thereby fall upon the Manufacturers, who are very numerous, for want of Work; and, if the said Tax should be laid, much greater must attend them, as well as the Clerk, for Payment of his Debts, and railing Portions for Petitioners, who already labour under great Difficulties his Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of to pay their Workmen, through the Scarcity and Badness this House. of Money: And praying, That the said Duty may not be

And then the Messengers withdrew. granted; or that, if no other Way can be found to supply

his Majesty's Occasions, the same may be paid by the Con-Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the fumers of the W ollen Manufactory, ingrossing die Bill for the more effectual preventing the O, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Exportation of Wool, be further adjourned until Monday until the Bill for the said^Duties be brought in.

Morning next. . , . Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Clerk have Leave to go into Leave of

BJofeild, S\r Joseph Tily, Mr. Chadwick, Coumry upon extraordinary Occasions. AWc"Cr-

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Colt, Mr. Morris, Mr. Norris, Sir Fra.

Drake, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Wm. Ashurst, be added to the Mr. Gery reported, from the Committee, to whom the IrifliAmare. Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare a Clause for Petition of and others, Troopers, of Colonel

the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool, Villers's Regiment, was referred, the Matter, as it ap-to be added to the said Bill. peared to the said Committee, upon the Petition of Peter

Williams Gentleman, on behalf of himself and others of Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners for the Troopers, commanded by Major John Petry, of the taking and stating the publick Accounts, upon the Petition Eight Honourable the Earl of A Iran's Regiment, and concerning Colonel Windham's and Colonel Byerlye's the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he ~ ' - - . read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That it appeared to the Committee, That the said Peter Williams was not able to make good the Suggestions of his said Petition: Several of the said Troop, on whose behalf he pretended to petition this House, appeared before the Committee, and denied that they ever gave the said William any Authority to make use of their Names, or any Consent to petition against their said Officer; but, on the contrary, declared their several Satisfactions in the Condu6t of his Command over them: And thereupon the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Petition

Regiments, be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered of Ways and Means to make good the Interest of 8 I. per Cent, for all Tallies which have at present no Funds, if they shall be subscribed into That the Petition of the said Williams, against Major declared the Bank; and had come to several llesolutions; which r~L" r‘ ‘~ *u~ T>~L* 11 ~ iU~ r'~"l ~e 4 fm00"

they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow

Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrow7 Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Bill for granting to his Majesty cer-Malt Duties, tain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for thenecelfary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 18* die Martii;

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

Duty on

John Petty, of the Right Honourable the Earl of Arran's lnvolous' Regiment of Horle, is frivolous, vexatious, and groundless.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Gery also reported, from the said Committee, the Army Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of Arrtai* Mary Prince, Widow of Captain James Prince;

Sterld, Widow of Lieutenant Stcrld; Mary Widow of Lieutenant Cuningham; and Dolman, Widow of Ensign Dolman; deceased; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, That their said Husbands were Officers in the Regiment of Colonel Lillingston; with which said Regiment they went into Jamaica, in his Majesty's Service, the 14 January 1694; from which time to the times of their Deaths, there were several Sums due to them, upon Account of Arrears of Subsistence:

But that it likewise appeared, That what Sums, frorp time to time, came to Colonel Hands, for

Subsistence of himself and Officers, he duly paid to the said Officers; and, among them, to the Petitioners Husbands, as far as the same did extend; and advanced several Sums out of his own Pocket, for that Purpose; which is yet unpaid him by the Crown: But that when the fame,

Prayers

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Borough of and also the remaining Arrears due to the Regiment shall

Woollen Ma-

Leicester, and Parts adjacent, who are Traders in be paid, the said Colonel is very desirous the Petitioners au a ures. the Woollen Manufactory, was presented to the House, and may have their just and full Proportions of the fame, for read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, their Husbands remaining Subsistence and Pay, to the That it hath been proposed in the House to lay a Tax of times of their Deaths.

10 I. per Cent, upon all the Woollen Manufactory of this And that thereupon the Committee came to the fol-Kihgdom; which, the Petitioners conceive, will tend to the lowing Resolution; viz.

utter Destruction of the Woollen Trade in general, which , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That

a

iS

it

y

id

Cj

:1s

be

k Fiifli

H* Arrears.

jle

®) t

tiifM

one!

t

Jctir

noi

ftitt

d

ik

it tie liii

e i

h:

ffcite*

05.3

tex

.ffliviO

It,

) ;'i

*L‘.

;:oi it

:;fc

;r4'«

fi'.j

ifii®

fe

0"*

tilifs

f l| Ill

31* If*

frs

l5,tl

tO 9

;H-'

i#1

J£3f

ift

SB*-

-;0

i?

ii

ft*

9 win.

That there is an Arrear of Subsistence and Pay due to the Petitioners, in Right of their Husbands; but that, Colonel LiUingston never having received the lame, the said Petition, as against the said Colonel, is groundk fs.

The said Refutation, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Hu use.

Mr. Gery also reported, from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, upon the Petition of the luhaltcrn Officers and Troopers of his Grace the Duke of Schonburgh*s Regiment of Horse; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow j viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, That his Majesty hath paid all the Arrears due to this Regiment, whilst in the Irish Service; and yet there is an Arrear due to the Petitioners.

Mr. Mo( ynaix, the Agent for the Regiment, said, That by the general Slate of each Troop in the Regiment, it appeared. That he had paid 1,5*21/. 1$. more than the Charge of Clout! 1 in 2, Accoutrements, and all manner of Contingencies, amounted to; and that, as to 6oo/. Part thereof, it remains {topped in the Pay-Office, as an Overcharge, by Miilake, upon that Office; and that, as to the Remainder 921/. and all other Sums, he had Vouchers for all Payments he made; which he did pursuant to the Colonel's Orders, whole Servant he w as, and therefore not liable to any Account with the Petitioners; for that they ought to have their Satisfaction from the several Captains of their respefitive Troops, to whom the same was paid for them:

Whereas, the Committee observed, That the said 921 L has been taken out of the Pay of the Subaltern Officers and Troopers, over and above the Allowance of the Establishment of t\cl per diem, for answering all Contingencies; and therefore, in part, is the Occasion of the Arrear remaining due to the Petitioners:

And that, as the Pay of each commissioned Officer, for himself and Servants, does in no ways interfere with that due to the non-comnnffioned Officers, and private Troopers; and that therefore the Colonel, or the Agent for him, having received full Pay for each Officer, and his Servants, from his Majesty, ought to satisfy each of their jul't Demands, according as the Establishment directs; for that the Agents Payments not having been made pur-i'uant to the Establishment, has occasioned the Arrear of Pay that is now due to the Petitioners.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, contrary to the Directions of his Majesty's Establish-ment. Mr. Molyneiu\ the Agent and Clothier of the said Regiment, has charged the Petitioners with the Sum of 921 /. 10s.; which he ought not to have done; the said Sum being deduced out of the Pay for Cloathing, over and above the Off-reckoning of 6 d. a Day; and which said Sum the said Agent does acknowledge to have received.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Agent being charged by the Petitioners with One other Sum of 600 /. the same being doubly charged, by Mistake, in the Pay-Office, on Account of Horfis pretended to be loft in Ireland, and so not received by the said Agent, he ought not to be charged therewith.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That several other Sums of Money are due to the Petitioners, as by their Petition is set forth; which the said Agent acknowledges to have received; but pretends to have paid the fame, by Order of the Colonel, or the Officer commanding in Chief, to several Officers of the said Regiment, who ought not to have received the fame.

The said Refutations, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vol XL

74S

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do prosecute the AProfecu-said Mr. Molyneuxon the said Resolutions for defrauding tiou ordered,

the said Soldiers.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Considera- Cruisers. tion of the Account of Cruilers, according to Act of Parliament, was referred, do examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinion thereupon to the House:

And that Mr. If'a Her be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Hoar reported from the Committee, to whom the Party Guile* Bill to repeal a Clause in a former Act, relating to party in brewing. Guiles, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, with another Amendment, made by the House, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners of Excil'e, or any Justice of Peace, may issue their Warrant, to distrain the Beer, Ale, and Cask, not paid for to the Brewer, which shall be secretly conveyed away, wheresoever it shall be found, for Satisfaction of the Duty of Excil'e:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question heing put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It pallid in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That any Person who has already let up any Works for distilling any low Wines, or Spirits, horn Drink brewed from malted Corn, or Cyder, may make use of the fame, giving Notice to the Commissioners of Excise:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, reported, from the IrifliArrear*. Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, the Matter, upon the Petition of several Troopers, belonging to the Regiment of Horse, lately commanded by Colonel Byerly, and at present by Colonel Windham*, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Car, according to Order, attending in his Place; Privilege of The Petition of Elizabeth Lilburn, and Eleanor LII- a Member in burne her Daughter, was read; setting forth. That Wil- a Suit.

Ham Lilburn El'quire, the Petitioner late Husband, deceal'ed, was foiled of a Colliery and Lands at of 4001, per Annum, Com' Northumberland; and made his last Will, and his Wife foie Executrix, charging the said Estate, which he gave to his Sons, with 700 7. apiece to his Three eldest Daughters, the said Eleanor being his eldefi Daughter, and, amongst other Bequests, to make up his Wife's Jointure 2001, per Ann.; and died; leaving his said Estate much mortgaged: That, in January 1691, the Petitioner Eliz.leased the said Colliery to Air. Car,

a Member of this House, for 21 Years, under the yearly Rent of 210/. and 14*. for every Ton of Coals, above the yearly Qviantity of 300 Tons: And, Mr. Carr having gotten Pofi'cffion of the said Lands from her Sons, (he did, in AUchaelmasTerm 1C94, exhibit a Bill in Chan-

eery against her Sons, Mr. Car, and others, to the End the Lunds and Colliery might be fold, to pay Debts, and Childrens Portions; and that (he might have an Account of the Meffie Profits, amounting to above 1,500l. and remaining in Mr. Car's Hands; but ffie cannot proceed thereon, Mr. Car infilling on his Privilege; to the Ruin of the Petitioners; who now lie in Prison, in great Wan t, for 4001, at the soit of Mrs. Car, Sitter of the Petitioner

gD Eliz.

18° Martii.

74

El'iz. and Mother of the said Mr. Car; though the Petitioner FJiz. hath received but one Year's Rent, since the said Lease, and the Petitioner Eleanor notOne Farthing: And praying the House to order, That Mr. Car may wave his Privilege.

And Mr. Car was heard thereupon.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejetted.

Privilege of Also the Petition of John Doubleday Merchant, and a Member in jnn j]js Wife, was read; letting forth, That George a Suit. Ellison, deceased, the Petitioner Ami's former Husband, being foiled of an undivided Moiety of the Manor of Bar-meston in the County of Durham, did settle an Annuity of 34 /. per AnniaH-<nit of it on the said for her Life: That since his Death his Moiety is come to James Clavering and John Roge?'s Esquires; and the other Moiety of the said Manor then was, and now is, vested in Car Esquire, a Member of this House; but the Manor is leased out by them it) joint Leases, though at distintt Rents; and, the said Annuity being in Arrear, the Petitioner would not prelume to distrain, for fear to incur the Displeasure of the House: And praying, That the House will give the Petitioners Leave to make Dil'tress upon the said Manor, for the said Rent-Arrear, as upon the undivided Moiety in the Possession of the said Mr. Clavering and Mr. Rogers.

And Mr. Car was heard thereupon.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejetted.

Ways Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported,

and Means. from tjje Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways ami Meads to make good the Interest of the 8/. per Cent, for all Tallies which have at present no Fund, if they shall be subscribed into the Rank, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow'; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for making good the Interest of all Tallies upon the Deficiency of Parliamentary Funds, over and above the Duties already payable, a further Duty be laid upon all Salt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be Two-pence Gallon upon all foreign Salt imported; to be paid by the Importer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be One Peny per Gallon upon all English Salt; to be paid as the present Duty is paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted to his Majesty for the Term of Two Years and Three-Quarters.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the find Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Supply Bill; Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the Committee Duty on of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty Leather. upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the Deficiences, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Duties on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and of the Duties upon Salt, was committed; and to whom the Consideration of the Petition of several Persons w ho had lent Money upon the said Duties was referred; That they had considered the feme accordingly; and had directed him to report the Matter thereupon specially to the House; which he did as followeth; viz.

That they had heard the Petitioners: Who insisted upon this Duty upon Leather not being a sufficient Fund to answer their Loans Principal; and prayed, either to have their old Funds restored again, or some further Pro-

A. 1696.

vision, to make the Duty upon Leather a full Equivalent:

But that the Committee, after hearing the Pelit oners, thought it not proper to come to any Resolutions thereupon; but proceeded upon the Bill, and finished the fame; but directed no Report to be made thereof with the Amendments, to the House, as yet.

Resolved, That the said Committee of the whole House have Power to consider of Ways and Means for railing an elsettual Security for paying the 840,000l. charged upon the said Duties upon Stone, Glass, and Earthen Wares,

Coals and Culm, Tonage of Ships, and Salt.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Sir Coolc and

Sir Richard Halford;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lon Is have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Highway* for enlarging common Highways, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords, having considered of the Message font to Lords a;i« their Lordships, by this House, on Tuesday lait, do agree to a Onto a free Conference on the Subject-matter of the last Con- ^reuce-ference; and appoint it Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order for taking into Consideration the Report Duties <« from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Glass- GIais,&c. makers were referred, being read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit; is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Supply Bill: Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards Aialtbuui. carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Occasions, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation of the Money granted this Session for the Use of the Army and Navy, and Civil Lilt.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for a Draw back of the Duties, granted by the said Bill, upon Exportation.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Denounces, House, to consider further of the Bill for making good the ®^kStock' Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlaring the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris f 19° die;

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Warhurtons

to enable Trustees to fell the Estate of Richard li ar- Mate. burton Clerk, for Payment of his Debts; and for railing Portions for his Children; was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered,

18° — ip0

9 W. III.

19° Martii-

747

'M,

X 1-

X

if;

t.i

Piifnps and on* it* lifted,) llV:Ki'/d PlcUCi.

Paving and rlr. lining

Sir f t* Is.

Ordered, That a Aleflage be lent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Hill, intituled, An Act for the more eiVc final Relief of Creditors, in Cafes of Kicapes; and for preventing Abuses in Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places.

Ordered, That Mr. Cult do carry the said Message.

A Hill for explaining and enforcing the Act, made in the 2d Year of his Majesty's Reign, for paving and deanfing the Streets within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Streets adjoining the reunto, was read a Second time.

Re faked. That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Colt, Sir Fa heard Abney, Sir Hen. Parker, Mr. Mount ague. Sir John Holies, Mr. Aim deg, Mr. B/aake, Sir IVm. Lowther, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Freuen, Mr. Gay, Mr. Netc port, Mr. Ryerli/, Sir Sam. Barnaniiston, Sir Math. And rexes, Mr. Shuckcrly, Sir ll'm. Bowes, Sir Gerv. Etzees, Mr. Speke, Sir Fran. Mashum, Sir IVm. Hustler, Mr. Mount-Stevens, Mr. Monet on, Sir Marm IFivdl, Mr. MetJacyn, Mr. Colt, Mr. Lozether, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Broaden, Mr. Fleming, Air. hobby, Mr. Povcy, Sir I'ho. Day, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Ash, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Moor, Mr. Sherrard, Sir lien. Hobart, Mr. Phillips: And they are t > meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the ker's Chambers.

Leave of

Able nee.

Dntv

Ordered, That Sir Christopher Musgrove have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Portman have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

The Lord Coningsby reported Irom the said Committee,

That they had gone through the lfiil, and made ibme Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Grand Jury for the County of Mon- Preservation mouth, in behalf of themselves and others, the Free-holders and Inhabitants of the said County, w as presented to the House, and read; setting torth, That the Bill now depending in the House, for the better Relief of the Sub-je£t against Weirs and Dams, winch take and destroy Fish, and the Fry of iifh, within the Rivers of this Kingdom, w ill manifestly be greatly injurious to the Rights and Inheritance of the Petitioners, by removing their ancient Dams and Weirs to their Iron-works; for which the Bill provides no Recompence; and without which Ironworks the said County cannot profitably dispose of their Wood: And praying, That the House will take care, that the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said County may not be prejudiced by the said Bill in their Rights and Estates.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the House shall take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Town of Woollen Va- Cm lit on, in the County of Devon, was predated to the nudtones. |jonfe> alH] read; letting forth. That their Ibid.Town is very populous, and chiefly subsists by making Serges: which Trade is much decayed, by the Increase of the same in Ireland; where they pay no Duty, and can vend their Commodities abroad cheaper than the Petitioners: That great Numbers of poor Manufacturers go thither, for want of Work here, or else become chargeable to their Parishes; and it a further Duty be laid upon the Woollen Manufactures, as the Petitioners conceive the House intends, it will cease, for want of Sales, and their Lands will not (apply the Necessities of their Poor: And praying the House to consider the Premises, and give such Fjiconragcment to the said Manufacture as the publick Importance of it deserves,

A Petition of Thomas Foster, of Preston, in the County of Lancaster, Gentleman, was preferred to the Ilouic, and read; fitting forth, That, time out of Alind, there hath been, and now is, a Piicary, and Weirs and Dams, for the Taking of l'ifh, and belonging to Two Alills erected on the River Loyne, near to Lancaster, which liipplies that Town, and a great Part of the Country, with Iifh: That the said Piicary and Mills were Fee-farm Rents belonging to the Crown, and purchased by the Petitioner, for a valuable Cousideration; the Height of the Weir being, above 30 Years since, settled by the Court of Chancery, and ever since duly observed; and, if the same should be destroyed by the Bill, depending in the House, for the belter Relief of the Subject against Weirs and Dams, which take and destroy Fill), and the Fry of Filli, within the Rivers of this Kingdom, the said

Ditto.

Town of Lancaster will not only be greatly prejudiced for want of the Supply afforded by the said Piicary and Alills, but the Petitioner will also be deprived of his

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until EtVdtc of above 6o.L without any Recoin-

..... ' - ~ pence; And praying, That the said Pifcary and Alills

may be preserved, or that Satisfaction may be made the

the Bill for the said Duties be brought in.

Transport

Debt,

Petition ve-lautig u> a Muiiber.

A Bill for a further Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole house.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Alorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Officers of the Parish of St. John, JVap-ping, in the County of Middlesex, in behalf of the said Parish, was presented to the House:

Petitioner for the fame, if they be destroyed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the House ftmll take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiff, and Burgesses of the Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Aloiety of an ancient Piicary in the River Rible, in the said County, belongs to the said Borough, to which there belongs a Call, or Dam, over a small Branch of the said River, and is abiblutely necessary for preferring a Ford,

Ditto*

of this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir John Par fans do attend, in his Place, Tomorrow Alorning; and that the said Petition be then

ttoifing tht Miiitiu.

Audi the same relating to Sir John Parsons, a Member which is the common Highway betwixt Preston and

" poole, as well as for the said Pifcary; which, with another

about a Mile off, at Brock hall, plentifully suppiics ton, and Twenty Miles round, with Fith; and, if the said Call, or Dam, be removed, which is no Hindrance to Navigation, the said Ford and Pifcary must consequently be useless, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying, That such Provision may be made in the Bill, before the House, for the better Relief to the Subject

read

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole house, to consider of the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year

ltiq;, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be against Weirs and Dams, which take and destroy Filb, not repaid. and the Fry of Fish, within the Rivers of this Kingdom,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. that the said Pifcary, Weirs, and Dams, which are for the

The Lord Conumhu took the Chair of the Committee. Good of the Country, may not be prejudiced.

Vol. XL Ordered,

748

19* — 2 o° Martii. 1696,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the House shall take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Preservation The House proceeded, according to the Order of the of I'iili. Day, to take into Consideration the said Report:

And the Amendments, made thereunto, were read the First time throughout; and several of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Conference Then the Managers went to the free Conference de-with Lords. with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the last

Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Methwin reported, That they had attended the free Conference; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

Ordered, That the Managers do draw' up a Report of the said free Conference.

Supply Bill; Mr. Lmrndes, according to Order, presented to the Salt*8 °° Doufe a Bill for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties upon Salt, for Payment of Interest-money, and other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received.

1'he Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

'Supply Bill; Refblved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, feath°n refold itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eat er‘ consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather,

for the Term of Three Years, for answering the Defi-, ciencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Dirties on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt; and to consider of Ways and Means for raisingan effectual Security for paying the 840,0001, charged upon the Duties upon Stone, Glafc, and Earthen Wares, Coals and Culm, Tonage of Ships, and Salt.

Irish Arrears. Ordered, That the Report from the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts, relating to the Troopers, belonging to the Regiment lately commanded by Colonel Byerty, and at present by Colonel,

be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Proceedings Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Proceedings in Courts of in Chancery, and other Courts of Equity, be read a Se-£<l,nty- eond time upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 20° die Martii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Tinners IV/T R. Boscawen reported from the Committee, to

Trade. 1VJ. whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Tinners of Cornwall was referred, That they had examined the Matter thereof; and had come to several Re-solutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w'ere read; and are as follow;

but be of great Advantage to several Branches of the publick Revenue, and prevent many Frauds and Abuses to his Majesty's Subjects; yet, that the Laws hitherto made have not had that Effect, in advancing the Price of Tin; but that it remains at present under very great Discouragements; being fold in Cornwall for Fifty Shillings the Hundred Weight, after having paid a Coinage-Duty of 4 s.to the Crown, and liable to 7 4 more upon Exportation; all w'hich, together, is near 251. per Cent, of the present Value to the Tinners; whereas, when the Book of Rates was settled, Tin was then really fold for above 61. the Hundred Weight; and most other Species of the Product of England, except Coals and Lead, pay not above 5 L per Cent, of the real Value; and the Woollen Manufacture, generally, not near so much.

The Committee had likewise an Account, from the Custom-house, of the Quantity of Tin exported; and, from a Medium of Four Years, did observe, it was about a Thousand Ton, commtmibus

According to which Reckoning, it would require i,oooo£ per Annum to compensate the Revenue for every 12 d. which should be taken off, in case the House, out of Compassion to the Disproportion which the Petitioners are aider in respect of Duties, thoukl be willing to accept" of an Equivalent for so much of the Exportation-Duty on Tin, as might reduce it to a Par with other Goods of the Product of England; and the rather, on Occ uion of great Quantities of Tin, which have, in feme late Years, been imported from the East Indies',from whence no considerable Quantity was observed to have been imported into Europe when this Duty was first efitabi.ihcd; which may, in time, endanger the Loss of that beneficial Trade to this Nation.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Refutations;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for encouraging the Consumption of Tin, and advancing the Price thereof, no Wine, Beer, Ale, Minn,

Brandy, or other Spirits, be fold, by Retail, in any Tavern, or other Publick-house, but in sealed Measures made of Pewter.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duty upon Tin exported is higher, in proportion, than other Goods generally of the Product of;

and deserves the Consideration of this House; the rather by reason of the Coinage-Duty; which, being an ancient Revenue of the Duke of Cornwall, the Petitioners must be distinClly subject to.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Resolution be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit; is committed: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report their Opinion what Part of the Duties laid upon Tin is fit to be taken of!'.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said First Resolution: And that Mr. Bofcawenand Mr. G(dolphin do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, reported, i>:=.ifins ;he from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Militia. Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1 (ip7, although die Months Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; with the Coherence;

That they do find, that many good Laws have been and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where made, and intended, in favour of the Petitioners; and, the same were once read throughout; and then a Second among the rest, Two in this present Reign, prohibiting time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put the Safe of Wine, by Retail, otherwise than in sealed thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Pewter Measures; which, if extended to other Liquors, Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, he would not only prove an Encouragement to the Petitioners, ingrofifed.

17 Mr.

9 W. III.

20° — 22® Martii.

749

Increase of Seamen.

Leave of Absence.

Privilege — Riot about a Member's House.

Address

thereon*

Mr. Kendall, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enforce the Act, passed the last Session, for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Grosvenor have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Harvey have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The House being informed, That a great Number of People, in a tumultuous Manner, did, last Night, assault the House of Mr. Bohun, a Member of this House, near Spittle-Fields; and, with Iron Bars, Pick-axes, and other Instruments, broke the same, and threatened to kill him, and his Family; and that although they were dispersed afterwards, yet there are a much greater Number this Day got together.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to take effectual Care, by the Militia, or other Forces, for the suppressing the same; and for preventing the like for the future.

Resolved, That this House will send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties upon Salt, for Payment of Interest-money, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit; is committed: And that they have Power to join both Bills together.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning African next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating and settling the Trade to AJrica,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to jitter* of whom the Petition of several Merchants, relating to Marque'

Letters of Marque,.....be made upon this Day

Sevennight.

Complaint of a Member arguing

. , < . , Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply Bill;

A Complaint being made to the House That a Member next resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole Housed of this House appointed a Manager at the last tree Con- to consider further of the ffiu for maki d the Defi. Bank

against-aB.il, foence with the Lords, on the Subject-matter of the last ciencies of several Funds men6ti°ned. and for '

ataCon- Conference, did argue against the Bill, sent up by this iniarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and fcrence. House to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and {or the publick Credit.

Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from Persia and

East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Member complained of be now named;

The previous Question was put, That That Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the YeaJ|£

118.

.t

.i

*8,

.lb

;tum

121.

;d.

Reprimanded in his Place.

A' u

'.\e

nv

:in. Lords desire

y\ Leave for

x Members to

attend them.

Vit

he

vlr.

Sir JVm. Lowther:

Tellers for the Noes IMr' Bro

teueis for uie iNoes,^Mr Rob

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question was put, That the said Member be now named:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,[|j'rJ'p*"(f,ies'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Whereupon, Sir Samuel Barn was named.

Upon which, an Account was given to the House what he said of the Bill, and how he argued against it.

And Sir Samuel Barnardiston was heard thereupon, in his Place.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Samuel Barnardiston, in Consideration of his great Age and Infirmities, and of his Sufferings and Services, formerly, in maintaining the Rights of this House, be called in, and, in his Place, only reprimanded by Mr. Speaker.

Accordingly, he was called in, and, in his Place, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard

and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, That such Members of this House as are Commissioners of the Admiralty, may have Leave to attend the Lords Committees, when desired, appointed to make an Inquiry concerning the Thoulon Squadron's getting into Brest, without any Opposition, in April 1696.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vol. XI.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, P"ty.on to consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty upon at er‘ Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Duties on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt; and to consider of Ways and Means for raising an effectual Security for paying the 840,000l. charged upon the Duties upon Stone, Glass, and Earthen Wares,

Coals, and Culm, Tonage of Ships, and Salt.

Ordered, That Sir John Parsons do attend, in his Place, A Member upon Tuesday Morning next: And that the Petition re- to attend* lating to him be then read.

1130. Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Preservation from the Committee, to whom the Rill for the Ketter Fish*

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Relief of the Subject against Weirs and Dams, which take and destroy Fish, and the Fry of Fish, within the Rivers of this Kingdom, be adjourned until this Day Month.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunec, 22° die Martii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ABILLto enforce the Act, passed the last Session, increaM of for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, Seamen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Kendall, Sir Rowland Gzvyn, Sir Tko. Dyke, Mr. Sandjord,

Sir Cloudsly Shovell, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Moyle, Mr.

Lord Coningsby, Sir IVm. Lowther , Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Rowney, Sir JVm. Drake, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir John Lowther, Colonel Osborne, Mr. Foley, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Hedger, Sir Rob. Clayton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Evelyn,

Sir Robert Cotton, Colonel KirkbMr. Blofetld, Mr. Machell, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Mr. Blake,

9 E Mr.

75°

n° — 23*

A. 1696.

Mr. Methwyn, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Travers; and all the towards carrying on the War againstjFVarace, as for the Members for the Cinque and Sea-Ports: And they are necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Occasions, is committed, have Liberty to receive a Clause

Answer to Address.

Regulating Printing and Printing-Presses.

for the further Encouragement of the making Sail-Cloth in England.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Supply Bill; whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain addi- P"tic8 °" tional Duties upon Salt, for Payment of Interest-money, b and other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Duty upon Salt-Rock to be paid, or secured, before the same be removed from the Pits, Storehouses, or Warehouses, adjoining to the Pits; and for the taking off the Allowance and Abatement of One Shilling upon melting, or refining, the same.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill;

Chambers.

Sir Henry Goodrich reported, That the Address ordered, on Saturday last, to be presented to his Majesty, That he would please to take effectual Care for the suppressing the Tumult therein mentioned; and for preventing the like for the future; having been presented to his Majesty; his Majesty was pleased thereupon to say, That he would take care to suppress all such riotous Assemblies, as was desired in that Address.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby, Sir JVm. St. Quin-tin, Mr. Arnold, Sir JVm. Hustler, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr.

Freke, Sir Tho. Mompcsson, Mr. Gardner, Sir Alarm.

JVivell, Mr. Stvnehouse, Mr. Harrison, Mr. A lountague,

Lord Cavendish, Sir Edw. Abney, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Afachell, Mr. Aloyle, Mr. Alolyneux, Mr. Cul/iford, House a Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties Win#Duties.

Leave of Absence.

Raising the Militia.

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Regulating of Printing, and Printing-Presses, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobby have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Middleton have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Nanny have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1697, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

upon Wines, for carrying on the War against France:

And the same w7as received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Deficiencies, sider further of the Bill for making good the Deficiencies g^"kc of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for inlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit: And also, of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties upon Salt, for Payment of Interest-money, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sic Thomas Littleton reported from the said Com-

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1697, although mittee, That they had gone through the Matters to them

the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid. ~ ....

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

on

Duty Woollen Manufactures.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Clothworkers, Serge-makers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in and about the Borough of Alinchead, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the printed Votes of the House, that a Duty of 10/. per Cent, ad Valorem, is like to be laid on the Woollen Manufacture of this

Kingdom; which will not only be very prejudicial, by when the House will please to receive the same, lessening that Trade, but by augmenting Poverty in the That the said Report be made also Tomorrow

Nation: And praying, That they may be heard, as the Morning, after the said other Report.

House shall think fit, to shew their Reasons against laying

referred; and joined both the Bills together; and made several Amendments to them; and had directed him to report the same to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the said Com- Duties onTu. mittee, That they had considered the Matter to them referred, relating to the Duties upon Tin; and had come to a Resolution; which they had also directed him to report,

Ditto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Malt Duties, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry,

A Petition of all the Clothiers in Reading, Netvbery,

and other Places, in the County of Berks, was presented to

a Duty upon the Woollen Manufactures

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Until the Bill for the said Duties be brought in.

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Cloathing-Trade hath already received such Damage, by the Scarcity of Money, the great Discount of Bank- Bills, and the great Advance of all foreign Commodities used in making of Cloth, that if a Duty should be laid upon the Woollen Manufactures, the Petitioners fear it will not only cut off our foreign Trade therein, by reason our own Plantations, as well as foreign Markets, will be cheaper supplied therewith by the Irish, Dutch, French, &c. than we can afford them here, but it will also lessen the Consumption at home; whereby many Makers will be necessitated to lay , down their Trade, and Multitudes of the Poor be unemployed, who now getacompetent Living: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the said Duties be brought in.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Walt Dutie*. whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well

for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till-To-morrow Nine a Clock.

Morning,

Martis, 23* die Marlii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Warburton'i t\ to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Richard tew*. Warburton Clerk, for Payment of his Debts; and for raising Portions for his Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clark,

Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Colt, Mr. Newport, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Norris, Sir Jos. Tily, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Foley, Mr. Alorgan, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Gardner,

Mr. Boscaxven, Sir JVm. Lowther, Mr. Sir

Alath. Andrews, Mr. Bulldy, Sir John Mr.

Arnold,

W. III.

230 Martii.

75*

Duty on Woollen Manufactures,

Arnold, Mr. White, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Mr. Ash,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Sturt, Ixird Coningsby,

Mr. Done, Mr. Stringer; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Chester and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and other substantial Inhabitants, and Clothiers, within

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of party Guiles the Company of Distillers of London, on behalf of them- in Brewing, selves, and all the free Distillers of London, Middlesex, and Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Clause brought in, to be made Part of the Bill for repealing a Clause in a former Act, relating to party Guiles, which gives a Liberty to all Persons to distil Spirits from Corn or Cyder; which Clause will enable all People to work privately in the

the Corporation of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was Night, without paying any Duty; who may under-sell presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the and ruin the Petitioners, who do and must pay the same: Petitioners find, by the printed Votes of the House, That And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, or

Ditto.

.a-

till}

jlete

K&V4

M

Rpor.

DOT

mu

IW'

Kt li

\id

a Duty of 101. per Cent, is intended to be laid upon the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; which already labours under such Discouragements, that many Families are gone into Ireland; where they can undersell us; and particularly in Serges, where they can now make one 6$. cheaper than can be made here: That, in case the said Duty be laid, it will further encourage that Trade in Ireland, and much increase our Poor here, for want of Employment; for the Supply of whose Necessities the Petitioners Lands are rated at 4 s. in the Pound: And praying the House to proceed so as to promote, rather than discourage, the English Woollen Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the said Duties be brought in.

A Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Fullers, Shearmen, Grocers, Dy^s, and others, concerned in, and depending upon, the Woollen Manufacture of Serges, in and about the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Manufacture is the main Support of many Thousand People in those Parts, who lie under many Discouragements in their Trade, by reason the same is carried on in Ireland; where they already are able to undersell the Petitioners near 30/. per Cent.; and, if the House should lay a Duty of 10/. per Cent, ad Valorem, upon all Goods made of, or mixed with, Wool, Silk, or Hair, those in Ireland will undersell the Petitioners in so great a Sum, that it will utterly ruin the said Manufacture made by the Petitioners: And praying, That the Manufacture of Serges may be preserved to this Nation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

until the Bill for the said Duties be brought in.

Privilege — Persons petition for Discharge.

A Petition of Anthony Morin and James Anderson, in the Gatehouse, by Order of this House, for abusing the Messengers belonging to the Serjeant, was presented to the House, and read; by which they acknowledged their Offence, and begged Pardon for the same: And prayed to be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Anthony Morin and James

otherwise, touching the said Clause, before the said Bill do pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Parsons attending, in his Place, according to privilege not Order: allowed

The Petition relating to him was read; setting forth, againstpay-That the Parish of St. John, JCapping, was, by a late Act of Parliament, constituted, and the Bounds thereby limited; within which is included the now Dwelling-house of Sir John Parsons, a Member of this House, who re-fuseth to pay the Poors Rate, and other Parish-Duties assessed on the Inhabitants, upon Pretence that he is no Parishioner; the contrary of which they desire Leave of the House to prove: And praying, That Sir John Parsons may be ordered to wave his Privilege; that so they may have Liberty to recover their Parish Duties.

And he was heard thereupon.

Declared and Resolved, That no Member of this House hath any Privilege against Payment of any Aids,

Supplies, or Taxes, granted to his Majesty, or any Parish Duties.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be rejected;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cocke and Relief of Sir Lacon William Child: Creditors,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Compositions with their Debtors, in case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree, with some Amendments: To wtiich Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Transport resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hou>e, to Debt.

Gratwick's,

Petition.

Anderson be discharged from their Imprisonment, paying consider of the Bill for a further Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing

of Ireland.

Drawback on Leather.

iff*

iw

tint

'\A

1

if-

their Fees.

A Petition of Thomas Grat-wick, and others, Shopkeepers within the Citie9 of London and IV and their Liberties, in the Name of themselves, and others within the said Limits, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That % *

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of many Shoemakers, within the City of New Sarum, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible, that a Drawback of the Duty upon Leather on Exportation will be very prejudicial, and, probably, the Ruin of our native Manufacturers therein: And praying, That no Drawback of the Duty on Exportation may be allowed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as

A Petition of the poor Glass-makers, Tobacco-pipe- Duties on makers, and Makers of Earthen- wares, on behalf of them- Glasses, selves and others concerned in the said Manufactures, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for many Years past, the Petitioners have, by their several Trades, maintained their Families, and paid Taxes; but, by reason of the great Duties laid upon the said Manufactures, they are uncapable to do either; the Duty having occasioned so great a Decay in Trade, that most of the Petitioners have been unemployed for Twelve Months past; and are in no Expectation of Employ, if the Duties be continued; That the Petitioners understand the House was not pleased to refer the Report concerning them to the Committee of the whole House, for making good the Deficiencies: They therefore pray Relief in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom

well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for pay- the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term ing the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as well

on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt... of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying

23° — 24°

A. 1696.

the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on A Motion being made. That this House will, To- Supply Bill; the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt..... morrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the Duty on

yA ® , rtr, .1 r* . 11TT__________ l C L .1_____ / il _ n'll r 1 I po tVt»r

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Glass makers were referred, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Sir William, York have Leave to go into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

by Sir Miles Cook and

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion*

Conference with Lords.

whole House, to consider further of the Bill for laying a Leather< Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt; and to consider of Ways and Means for raising an effectual Security for paying the 840,000l. charged*1 upon Stone, Glass, and Earthen Wares, Coals and Culm, Tonage of Ships, and Salt;

And the Question being proposed, That it be after

A Message from the Lords,

Sir Lacon Wm. Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing several former Acts for punishing Officers the Committee for the Transport-Debt; and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his Majesty's It passed in the Negative.

Service; and for punishing false Musters; and for Pay- Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, ment of Quarters; for One Year longer; without any resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Amendment Also, consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Lea-

The Lords desire a present free Conference with this ther, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and of the last free Conference. Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and

And then the Messengers withdrew. for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Du-

Resolved, That the House doth agree to a present free ties upon Salt; and to consider of Ways and Means for Conference, as the Lords do desire. raising an effectual Security for paying the 840,000l.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. charged upon Stone, Glass, and Earthen Wares, Coals

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last free Conference, do manage this free Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Meth win reported the free Conference; and that

it was managed only by the Marquis of And that he acquainted them, the Lords had considered the Reasons offered at the last free Conference; and that they did not depart from their Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Wearing of all wrought

and Culm, Tonage of Ships, and Salt.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 24* die Martii; 9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom from rT' H E House took into Consideration the Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there, for Reasons the Lords acquainted the Managers with, but adhered to their Amendments; and had delivered back the Bill with the Amendments.

Supply Bill; Deficiencies, and Bank Stock, Sec*

Amend- st. Paul's

JL ment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Cathedral. An Act for the completing, the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of Paul; and for repairing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Ques-

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, tion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is from the Committee of the whole House, to whom was as followeth;

committed the Bill for making good the Deficiencies of 1 Skin, L. 3d, after " thousand," add " Six hun-several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the " dred."

Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

publick Credit; and to which they had joined the Bill for Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed granting to his Majesty certain additional Duties upon to the said Amendment.

Salt, for Payment of Interest-monies, and other Purposes

therein mentioned; the Amendments, made by the Com- An ingrossed Bill for the further Encouragement of the j.ffi)rine mittee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, with Lustring Company in England was read the Third time. Manufacture, the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill,

Table: Where the same were once read throughout; with Blanks, That the Lustring Company shall seal all and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the such Lustrings, and Alamodes, gratis, as shall appear,

some other upon Oath, to be made by a certain time, to prevent a Forfeiture:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and other Amendments made: And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the further Encouragement of the Lustring Manufacture in England.

Ordered, That Sir Rendand Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, for choosing a new Governor, and 24 Directors, whereof not above Two-thirds of those that served for the preceding Year shall be chosen:

And the same was twice read; the Blanks filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Allowance to be made of the First Duty for every Bushel, of 120 Pounds, of Rock Salt, made into White Salt, shall be charged on Two Bushels of 56 ' Pounds each, and so in proportion; to prevent Frauds: And the same was once read:

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Relief of Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Creditors.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Compositions

Duties on Tin.

a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the said Committee of the whole House, relating to the Duties upon Tin, be made Tomorrow Morning.

with their Debtors, in case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

2 Skin, L. 36. after " thereof," add " and, if any " Person shall, upon such Oath, wilfully forswear him " or herself, he or she, so offending, shall be liable

24 " to,

b

6.

K,.

the DtJ a for ;f*i

U-

% and ! tie then

after

nun? *, to

5 the 3 and 5. and e Du-ms for oooo I Coals

icrro?

ntulei Ci lorcE!

i?*

Qu* and Is

bun-

to tb aiTeai

lOflkl; time. i ic Bill,

t^al $1 ifpetfi rvent a

sii

esfc oof-ie Pit

itkk

9 W. III.

24° Martii.

753

ntK'

wl

jots

rJ*

(Jtf

sass

f iff

ii$

► it

" to, and suffer, all Penalties and Forfeitures appointed of the Glovers Company of the of , and Duty on

"or inflicted for Perjury, by the Common or Statute elsewhere, was presented to the House, and read; setting Leather. " Laws of this Realmforth, That their Trade employs and maintains a great 4Skin, L. 15. after "in," add "Number and." Number of poor People; That some Kirids of Alum-

Ordered, That Mr. Brolherton do carry the Bill to the Leather already pay a double Duty; whereby the Trade is

Stocker's

Complaint

respecting

impressing

Men.

Doty on Woollen Manufacture.

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed unto the said Amendments.

A Petition of Mary SleekerWidow of Captain John Stocker, late Commander of a Merchant Ship, called the HazikeFrigate, was presented to the House:

And the same relating to the Commissioners of the Admiralty;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until such of the said Commissioners as are of the House do come into the House; and that the same be then read.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Towns of Nac ton-Bush ell, Chudleigh, Mortanhampsted, and tracey, and other Places adjacent, in the County of concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners understand, that a Duty is voted by the House to be laid upon all Goods made of, or mixed with, Wool, Silk, or Hair; which if it should pass into a Law, they apprehend, it will be of fatal Consequence to the Trade of the Kingdom, if not the total Loss of our Woollen Manufacture, by which a vast Number of all Sorts of People are maintained, who will be inevitably ruined and starved: And praying, That a Duty may not be laid upon the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill lor the said Duties be brought in.

so much lessened, that Half the working Glovers are ready to starve, for want of Work; and if a further Duty be laid on that Commodity, which will turn but to a small Account, besides the Difficulty of collecting it, Alum-Leather lying in small Parcels in the Hands of the poor Traders dispersed all over the Kingdom, it will force the Manufacturers and theirsFamilies, to get their Bread in foreign Countries: And praying, That the Duty intended to be laid upon all Alum.....by a Bill now depend-

ing in the House, may not be laid thereupon; or, otherwise, that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be refeired to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Rowland Gxcynreported, from the Committee, to claims on

whom the Petition of Elis. Harding, and other Widows Prizes, of Seamen, who were killed and died in the Expedition to the West Indies, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared

to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Paving find

cleansing

Streets.

Ordered, That Leave be given to the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining and enforcing the Act, made in the 2d Year of his Majesty's Reign, for paving and cleansing the Streets within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Streets adjoining the reunto, is committed, to receive a Clause for widening the Street at the South End of London- Bridge.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing a Clause in a former Act, relating to party Guiles, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing a Clause in a former Act, relating to party Guiles; and for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, and others chargeable with the Duties of Excise.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Party Guiles in Brewing.

Increase of Mr. Poult my reported from the Committee, to whom

Seamen. the Dill to enforce the Act, passed the last Session, for the Increase and Encouragement of‘Seamen, was committed, That they had made several Amendments tu the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with toe Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported Tin. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was

referred to consider of the Resolution of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tinners of Cormcall was referred, the Resolution of the said Committee of the % whole House; which they hail directed him to re|>ort to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in case a certain Equivalent be placed instead thereof, 4 s. 4d. per Hundred Weight be taken off from the Duty payable for Tin exported.

Ordered, That it he referred to the Committee of the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Recovering of the Person of Hannah Knight, an Infant; and to disannul the pretended Marriage of one Thomas Gooding junior with the said Infant; and to attaint one Pasmore of Felony, for taking away the said Infant, if she do not produce and deliver her up, by a certain time; and to prevent the Marriage of the said Infant with the said Thomas Gooding for the future: And that Mr. Boscaxven and Mr. Sloane do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answering th^e Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Duties on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt; and to consider of Ways and Means for raising an effectual Security for paying the 840,000l. charged upon Coals, Tonage of Ships, and Salt; and other the Matters to them referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to

Disannulling

Knight's

Marriage.

Committees*

Supply Bill; Dqty on Leather.

whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon them referred; and had directed him to move, That they Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the may have Leave to sit again.

Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Duties upon Lotteries, and for Li vcs. charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt, is committed, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the said Equivalent.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mornings resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Matters to them referred.

A Petition of the Master, Vo l.XL

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Transport next, resolve itself into a Committeeof the whole House, to Debt. Wardens, and Fellowship, consider of the Bill for a further Provision for Payment of

9 F the

T

754

24* — -25°

A. 1697.

the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of should pass, whereby a further Duty of 1 21. 10 Ireland; and nothing to intervene. Tun is laid upon all Wines imported, it will not only ruin

Ordered, That it it be an Instruction to the said Com- . the Petitioners, and all the Retailers of Wine in the Kin<r-mittee, That they have Leave to receive a Clause for the dom, but it will greatly lessen the Consumption of our better adjusting and setting forth the several Rights and Woollen Manufactures in Spain, and else-

Shares of the Owners of the Ships employed, in the where, of which Wine is the Produce; whose Importa-Transport-Service, for the Reduction of Ireland. tion and Consumption will be also lessened, and thereby

the King's Customs will be much more diminished than And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow the said intended Duty will add to his Supplies: And

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Paving and

cleansing

Streets.

; v

Jervis, 25* die Martii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

(ORDERED, That Sir St. Quintin,

Robei'ts, Sir William Strickland, Mr. White,

IJ

Mr.

Mr.

praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit, before the said Bill do pass this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Clothworkers, Serge-makers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in and about the Borough of Watchett, in the Manulacturfl County of Somersett, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the

Duty on Woollen

Disannulling

Knight's

Marriage.

Waller, Mr. Gwyn;and all the Members that serve for

London, Surrey, and Kent; be added to the Committee, to printed Votes of the House, that a Duty of 10/. per Cent - ad Valorem, is like to be laid upon the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; which, the Petitioners conceive, will be very injurious to that Trade: And praying, That they may be heard, to shew their Reasons against laying the said Duty, before the House do proceed any further therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Doty on

Tobacco-

pipes.

whom the Bill for explaining and enforcing the Act, made in the 2d Year of his Majesty's Reign, for paving and cleansing the Streets within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Streets adjoining the reunto, is committed.

Mr. Boscawen, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for disannulling the Marriage of Hannah Knight, an Infant; and for punishing the Persons concerned in conveying her away: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Robert Gadney, of Oxford, Tobacco-pipe-maker, in behalf of himself, and divers others of the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, there being a Duty laid upon Tobacco-pipes, to be

until the Bill for the said Duties be brought in.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Merchants, Djtt0. Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Barnstaple, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the House having voted a Duty of 10/. per Cent, upon the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, the Petitioners apprehend, that the same, should it be laid, will be very destructive to the Trade of this Nation, and a great Hindrance to the

paid by the Maker, at the Opening of the Furnace, the Employment of the Poor; for that the Manufacturers in

Petitioners cannot burn Pipes so clearly, but that there will be some yellow Pipes, which ought to be burnt over again; but then the Maker must pay a Double Duty for such Pipes; which they conceive to be a great Hardship and Discouragement to the Maker; who, for that Reason, are necessitated to leave off their Trades, or else employ less Workmen: That the Petitioners conceive the said Duty would be much advanced, and more easily collected, if it were laid upon Tobacco-pipe Clay, at the Pits, by the Hundred Weight; which will also greatly ease the Maker of Tobacco-pipes: And praying the Relief and Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

Ireland, where Wool is much cheaper than here, will be able to under-sell us, by much, in foreign Markets, if the said Duty should be charged: And praying the utmost Support of the House, for the Preservation of the Woollen Trade; which hath ever been beneficial to this Nation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the said Duties be brought in.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Supply Bill; Wines, for the carrying on the War against France, was WimDuim. read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants of London was presented to wint Duties, the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, a Bill is brought into the House, for laying

And it is referred to Sir Edward Norreys, Mr. Lowther, an additional Duty of 12/. 10s. per Tun upon all Sorts

Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Colt, Mr. Stone- of Wines, to be paid by the Retailer; which high Duty,

house, Mr. Daniel, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Win. Lmvther, they conceive, will lessen the Importation to that degree,

Mr. Cox, Sir John Bollcs, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cullij'ord, Mr. that the former Duties will be much diminished; and may Bertie, Mr. Arnold, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Sam.Banuirdiston, occasion the Loss of our Woollen Manufactory Trade to

Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Alarm . JVivell, Sir Tho. Roberts, those Dominions from whence.are brought in

Mr. Trendiard, Mr. White, Mr. Ash, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Returns thereof; and it may also hinder the Importation

Ashby, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir IVin. Ashurst, Mr. Hedger, of Bullion: And praying, That they maybe heard, as the

Mr. Frerven, Mr. Henly, Mr. Blof 'eild, Mr. Fuller, Mr. House shall think fit, before the said Bill do pass.

Machell: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. until the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties

upon Wines, for the carrying on the War against France,

Wine Duties, A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Freemen, of the be read a Second time.

Company of Vintners, and all other Retailers of Wine, in

and about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Town and C ounty Dut70I and others throughout England, was presented to the of Southampton was presented to the House, and read; Leather. House, and read; setting forth, That, by the excessive setting forth, That if the intended Duty to be laid upon Duty already laid upon Wines, and the great 1'axes laid Leather of 15 Cent, be drawn back by the Exporters, on Stocks, the Petitioners Trade will scarce support the it w ill much enrich the Tanners, w ho will be the greatest Charge of their b amities; and, if the Bill, now depending Exporters; and ruin many Thousand Artificers in Leather, in the House, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties who are yet able, and willing, to pay the Taxes for carry-upon Wines, for carrying on the Wrar against France, ing on the V'ar against France; so" that the Impoverishment

V:r

Ji fjiir

el*

rd,

it:;®

And

'‘her-

till» p0,y°"

Leather.

Tide

u-m* 11

in t; * and !d-' t>: 'Cm.

A i hl![.

ilC^VP

i:.T:,

: *Ctr ie Ti-i:e

errs- Stocked#

' Complaint respecting 1 "* impressing

:.;W Men.

nilrai

:h,tk

? 10 l:

tec

m

t;j&

t lit

-hi!

te

;ri'i

'm

hit

e.

eat % l 'te jr k

a!l{*

:i:fc

iii'iSi

r ;h !» in

rntion as tfce

Ts*

1)

('<

!i4;

i! i* Silk and . ' Callico Bill.

V#

J*

ft?

.-rtf

"r;,

9 W. III. 2

755

uient of so many of his Majesty's good Subjects will be a greater Loss than 15 /. /;er Cew/. will be Gains to the Crown; especially, when more than One Half will be transported without paying any Duty: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather is committed.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Company of Leathermen, within the Borough of Devizes, in the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselves, and many others. Manufacturers of Leather, in and near the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the House intending to lay a Duty upon Leather, the Petitioners are informed, That some Persons, for their own private Advantage, desire a Drawback of the Duty may be allowed to the Exporter; which, the Petitioners conceive, will be of such mischievous Consequence, that it will ruin all the Englih Manufacturers in Leather; for that Foreigners w ill buy up the gr eatest Part of our Leather, and export it, and manufacture it abroad, and then serve our Markets at a cheaper Bate than we can afford those Commodities: And praying, That no Draw back of the Duty upon Leather may be allowed on Exportation thereof. f

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather is committed.

One of the Commissioners of the Admiralty being come into the House;

The Petition of Mary Stocker Widow, Yesterday presented to the House, was read: setting forth, That John Stocker, her late Husband, being Commander of the Hcvwk Frigate, which lay in Ireland, and was bound to Newfoundland, in a fishing Voyage, went to Dartmouth, Biddijord, and other Places, to raise Seamen for that Voyage, to go over into Ireland; which having effected, and marching with his Men to Iljhrd-Comb, he was set upon by one Carle ton, employed to impress Men for the Kings Service, being assisted by one LieutenantIlyat, a Land-Officer, and Captain Cunnick, and several Seamen and Soldiers, who, with Guns and Swords, barbarously murdered the Petitioner's Husband, and wounded his Brother, and Seven others, wdio were all naked Men: That the Petitioner is informed, his Majesty did, about the Middle of the last Month, direct the Commissioners of the Admiralty to send Orders to all the Western Ports of England, not to impress any Men belonging to Ships bound to Newfoundland; which, if the said Commissioners had done, this sad Accident had been prevented; but she rather believes, they directed that all Endeavours should be used to impress Stockers Men; which emboldened the Sea and Land Officers to go about 17 Miles to intercept them, and to commit the said Fact; to the Ruin of the Petitioner, and her Children; and her Sister, and her Children, their Fathers Wounds being mortal: And praying, That the House will inquire into the original Cause, and Accessories, of her said Husbands Murder; who has, upon several Occasions, remarkably distinguished himself since the present War; and cause such Justice and Satisfaction to be made the Petitioner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, relating to Letters of Marque, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House: And that Sir John Trevillian, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Waller, Mr. Manley, be added to the said Committee.

Mr.Mctlm in reported the free Conferences, had with the Lords, upon the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to restrain the Wearing of all wrought Silks and Bengals, imported into this Kingdom Vol. XI.

from Persia and East India, and all Callicoes printed or stained there; as followeth; viz.

That the free Conference was opened by several of the Managers of this House, by acquainting the Lords, That this House, continuing to disagree to their Amendments, had desired this free Conference, to maintain the good Correspondence between the Two Houses, and inform the Lords of the Reasons for which this House could not agree with them:

That the Lords having made their Amendments, not by entire distinct Clauses, but by adding a few Words to the Clauses of the Bill, it was hard to distinguish them; but the Intent of all of them was, That other foreign wrought Silks might be prohibited to be sold, as well as East India Silks; and that both of them might be prohibited to be worn here, under the same Penalties imposed on those that exposed them to Sale:

That as to the other foreign wrought Silks, the Reasons of the Lords had not answered those of the Commons; who insisted, That these Silks, being the Produce of our own Manufactures, and native Commodities, were, in that respect, to be distinguished from the East India Silks; and the Loss of our Trade in those Places from whence these Silks are imported, as it would be more prejudicial to us, so it would be more likely to happen, than in India; where the Commodities we bring from thence are said to be bought with our Money: That the great Duty on French Silks would have the Effect of a Prohibition; and the Price of Labour in the Countries from whence the other w rought Silks are brought, is not so different from what it is in Englandas thereby to discourage the making those Silks here, considering the great Duty paid on the Importation of foreign wrought Silks: And that Prohibitions of this nature put other Nations on the Necessity of seeking elsewhere the Commodities they were supplied with from England; of which there was an Instance in the Trade of Germany; whither we used to send the greatest Part of our Woollen Cloth, while we brought from thence their Linens.

To this Point the Lords answered;

That the prohibiting other foreign wrought Silks was to make the Bill more effectual for all the Ends of it, and to encourage our own Manufactures; which would be equally prejudiced by Silks from France, as from India, and that, upon a Peace, that Trade would, probably, be made more open, and the Duty lessened: That other Nations could make Silks so like those of Lidia, that even the Indian Silks would be imported here, as made in those Countries, if the Prohibition were not universal: And that the Indian Silks were, in great part, the Produce of our ow n Manufactures.

As to the Amendments that prohibited the Wearing of East India or other Silks, the Members of this House insisted, That it w as hoped the Prohibition of selling w ould have a great Effect to hinder the wearing those Silks, without subjecting Persons of all Qualities to the great Inconveniencies of Searches, and vexatious Disputes; which must be the Consequence of Penalties on the Wearer; who might be imposed on, by Mistake, and could never certainly know whether the Silk he bought were imported from India; whereas the Seller could not be presumed to be ignorant of that, and therefore was more fit to be subjected to the Penalty.

The Lords argued, That the Prohibition would be ineffectual, without the Wearing were prohibited; and instanced in the Prohibition of importing French Wine: That it w'as not to be hoped a Prohibition would lessen the Desire of those that wore these Silks; and therefore they would come in secretly; which would be to the great Advantage of another Nation, and be more prejudicial to us than the present Trade, in respect the Silks would be dearer, and the Gain not made by English Traders: That, at this present time, when the Trade was open, they were run from Holland; and the frequent Dutch Convoys made it impossible to be prevented: That the Selling was secret* but the Wearing open, and therefore easier prevented;

neither

2 — ^6° Martiu

A. 1597.

Supply Bill; Duty on Leather.

neither would they be brought hither, if it were known that the Wearing was prohibited.

As to the Penalties, the Lords were acquainted, at the opening the free Conference, That, by their Reasons, they had plainly admitted, That their Amendments did impose pecuniary Penalties on the People; and had justified it by a Comparison with their Judicial Power: That the Right of the Commons, That all Charges of Money on the People should first begin in their House, was so plain and clear, and so essentially necessary to the Constitution; that it had been so fully settled between the Two Houses, and so perfectly acquiesced in by the Lords; that the Commons could not presume, that it was the Intention of the Lords to draw that Matter into Debate, or Dispute, on this Occasion; especially since, if the Lords xvere convinced, That the Prohibition of other Silks, or the Wearing East India Silks, was not necessary, there would be no Occasion of the Penalties: And that this Right of the Commons was of so great Importance, That they ever should, as they now did, assert it; believing the Lords would never endeavour to dispute it, whilst they desired to maintain a good Correspondence with the Commons:

All the Lords who managed the free Conference did declare their Desire to continue a good Correspondence between the Two Houses; and therefore, that it was not their Intention to debate, or dispute, the Right claimed by the Commons:

That the Lords did not think the extending the Penalty in the Act, to make it more effectual, could have been understood as a Charge on the People; especially by that Amendment which subjected the Person wearing any East India Silk to the Penalty; because the Want of the Words, added for that Purpose, by the Lords, seemed to be an Omission of the Clerk; the Title of the Bill, and the enacting Clause, being to prohibit the Wearing.

One of the Lards that managed at the free Conference,

0s 7

declaring, That the good Correspondence between the Two Houses was absolutely necessary to the Constitution, said, This Consideration had made the Lords comply very far, and submit to the Demands of the Commons, at Times, and on Occasions, not proper todispute; and therefore it was not his Intention to debate, or dispute, the Right claimed by the Commons; although the Penalties could not he said to be directly a Charge on the People; and were anciently begun with the Lords; instancingTwo Acts, in Queen Kliiaba'I/'sReign, lor Relief of the Poor,

and Repair of Dover Ha\en; and that there were many Precedents in King Charles the lid's time; where, after Conferences, the Bills were lost; width he did not name particularly; declaring it not to he his Intention to dispute the Right of the Commons:

Several of the Members of this 1 louse took this Occasion to insist further on the Right claimed by the Commons, and to turn the whole Subject of the Debate on that Point; insisting, That no Amendment, how reasonable soever, could be debated, whereby any Penalty was extended further than in the Bill: That all the several Amendments of the Lords had relation to the Penalties, and therefore they could not Ire debated: And that, it being very dangerous to dispute so fundamental a Point, there remained nothing for their Lordships, hut, by receding from their Amendments, to settle the Right of the Commons beyond all Disputes whatsoever.

To which the Lords replied, That, if the Conference had been so opened as it was now explained, they should have understood themselves excluded from the Liberty of debating any of the Reasons on which the free Conference was desired; and therefore should not have argued at all.

Resolved, That this House doth adhere to their disagreeing with the Lords in the said Amendments.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years for answering the Deficiencies, as west of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm,

1$

as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt; and to consider of Ways and Means for raising an effectual Security for paying the 840,000l. charged upon Coals, Tonage of Ships, and Salt; and other the Matters to them referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Su Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported also, That he was directed to move, That the Committee may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill lor laying a Duty upon Leather; and of the other Matters to them referred.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Lords d« Mr. Pitt: Leave ior

Mr. Speaker, atte^ik

The Lords having sent a Message to this House, the a 20th Instant, to desire, That such Members of this House as are Commissioners of the Admiralty might have Liberty to attend the Lords Committees, appointed to make Inquiry concerning the ThoulonSquadron's getting into Brest, without any Opposition, in April 169b; to which Message this House returned Answer, That they would send their Lordships an Answer by Messengers of their own; and that their Lordships having received no Answer; they do put this House in mind thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to MsliDitw. consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Morning Af,icsu next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Trade to Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Martii;

go Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Makers of long and short wirnDuK Rocking and Co.rallBays was presented to the House,

and read: setting forth, That the said Bays are a considerable Part of our Woollen Manufactory, by which many Thousand Families are maintained; and the same are exported into Spain and Portugal, the Returns whereof are Wines; and, since the War, the Exportation thereof is much increased: That a Bill is brought into the House for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Wines, for carrying on the War against France', which, in a manner, is a Prohibition to import those Wines; whereby the Petitioners said Trade will be much lessened, and the Poor thereby be reduced to great Extremities, for want of Work; although the Portuguese should not lay a greater Custom on their Wines, which is very likely they will,

should

>97

fir ' ^iliss

uier

nniittee.

ittee,

to

ve tj i

y Mon. ft V,(^ Jalfe tlitni ft

(Wini*.

J

oase. ia liilia* :we li-

-!t< 3;

tilUJCti)

to

K *d

sOIlE

1 no.t

Sfci

:v rcra

nn*

y odious* Hite*

IB'iHJ

a^fi*

fid*

9W. III. 26" Martil 757

should the said Duty be laid: And praying, That the said

Duty 011 Wines may not be laid, to the Prejudice of their

eaid Trades; but that they may be encouraged therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tuble

until the said Hill be read a Second time.

Wine Duties. A Petition of the Merchants and Vintners, in the Cityv of Bristol7, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That although several great Duties are already laid upon Wines, yet the House intends to lay a further Duty thereon, of 12/. 12£. per Tun; which, the Petitioners conceive, will utterly hinder the Importation thereof; the same being much diminished since the last Duty laid on Wines; and, if that Trade be lost, consequently a great Number of Retailers must be undone; the Kings Customs, and Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures, Leather, Lead, Butter, and many other English Commodities exported for the Buying of Wines, will be much lessened and discouraged: And praying, That the said Duty may not be imposed on Wines.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Wines, for carrying on the War against France, be read a Second time.

Poor Law?. Mr. Blake reported from the Committee, to whom the Bjll for supplying of some Defects in the Laws now in Force for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w as offered, to be added to the Bill, That it shall not extend to make void any Agreement made by any Church wardens, or Overseers of the Poor, to take Jback any Persons, in case they should become poor:

And the same w as twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with a Blank, That the Appeal brought against any Order, for removing any poor Person out of any Parish, shall he prosecuted at the General or Quarter Sessions for the Place from whence such poor Person shall be removed:

And the same was twice read; and the Blank filled up; and other Amendments made thereunto: And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the Settling of Parishes and Villages:

And the same was read the First time; and, by Leave of the House, w ithdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Leave for The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Member* to Message from the Lords, of the 20th Instant, That such

miteiui Lords. ]\]jemi)ers of this House as are Commissioners of the Admiralty, may have Leave to attend the Lords Committees, when desired, appointed to make an Inquiry concerning the Tfwulcn Squadron getting into Brest, without any Opposition, in April 1696:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee he -appointed to search Precedents of what hath been done in the like Cases;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

And it passed in the Negative.

Jie&ohid, That such Members of this House as are Commissioners of the Admiralty, have Leave to attend the Lords Committees, when desired, appointed to make an Inquiry concerning the Thoulon Squadron getting into Brest, without any Opposition, in April 1696.

Vox.. XI.

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do go to the Lords, and acquaint them therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Kinaston have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Clause inserted in the ingrossed Bill, depending in the House, for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England-, and for raising the publick Credit; which Clause is, for continuing the present Governor and Directors in their Offices till the 24th of June 1697, and until others shall be chosen in

their Places 5 and that, in future Elections of Directors, not above T wo-thirds of those for the preceding V ear shall be chosen: That the Petitioners do find, that the said Clause is an Alteration of, and contrary to, the Liberty of Choice given them by the Act of Parliament, and Charter, by which they are established: And praying, That the said Clause may be withdrawn; or that they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, before the said Bill do pass. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The said ingrossed Bill was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That until Proclamation shall be made, That the Commissioners of the Treasury have sufficiently provided, that all Persons who have Exchequer Bills may have ready Money for them, such Bills shall be current only for the Supplies for the War, for 1697, except the 3 Aid; but, after such Proclamation, the same shall be current for all Revenues, Taxes, or Payments, to his Majesty;

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, with Blanks, That if, upon drawing any Tobacco-pipes out of the Kiln, any of them are unfit for Sale, the Maker may bum the same again, giving Notice to the Officer, and paying the Duty charged by the Act for laying the same:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, touching a Draw back upon Fish:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, touching the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; vis.

Press 16. L. # to leave out " expressed," and insert " excepted," instead thereof:

Press 37. L. # to leave out " adjusted," and insert " adjudged," instead thereof:

Press 42. L. # after " Vessels," to insert " and upon " Coals

Press .59. L. to leave out " April," and insert " June" instead thereof:

And the like in several other Places:

Press 68. L. after " Bills," to insert " or such Security as shall be agreed upon between the said Commissioners of the Treasury and the said Contractors And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly,

9 G Then

Leave of Absence.

Bank of England.

Supply Bill; Deficiencies, and Bank Stock, &c.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

V/ays and Means.

Transport

Debt.

Supply Bill: Wine Duties.

Disannulling

Knight's

Marriage.

Ditto.

260- — 2 70

A. 1697.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass; The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{?‘.r WSl,er Y"W*

} 97-} 46.

'\Mr. Chadwick:

T,nprs for the Noes lSir JoBolles>

lellers for the JNoes,|Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England and for raising the Publick Credit.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising an effectual Security for paying the 840,0001, charged upon Coals, Tonage of Ships, and Salt, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for a further Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Wines be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 27* die Martii;

Prayers.

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

A BILL for disannulling the Marriage of Hannah Knight, an Infant; and punishing the Persons concerned in conveying her away; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boscaxven, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Norris, Mr. White, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm.Strickland, Mr. Austen, Mr.

lington, Mr. Gerrard, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Weld, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Poultney, Sir Wm. Hustler, Dr.

Mr. Kirby, Mr. Colt, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gery, Mr. Slater, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Monson, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Ash, Mr.

Henley, Lord Coningsby, Sir Wm. Lowl her, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Brotherson, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Brener, Mr. Methwin, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Manly: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And they are impowered to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Mary Wilkin and Tho. Gooding, the younger, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for disannulling the Marriage of Hannah Knight, an Infant; and punishing the Persons concerned in conveying her away; which Bill is to disannul the Marriage of the Petitioner Thomas with the said Hannah, upon a Suggestion as if the said Marriage was clandestinely and indirectly made; although the same was made, and fairly obtained, by the Consent of the Petitioner Mary, who is her Mother, and was her proper Guardian; and a suffi-

17

cient Settlement was agreed upon for the said;

whereof he doubts not to satisfy the House: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the Repair of the Piers of Bridliogtn lington, alias Burlington, Bay, in the East Riding of the Harbour. County of York, was read the Third time.

A Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, according to the Order of the House, with Blanks, That the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter-Sessions, may charge the Lands and Premises liable to repair the said Piers, with such equal Assessments as they shall judge necessary for repairing the same.:

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up;

And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of

York.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom Debvs a the Bill to continue the Act, made in the Fifth and Sixth Quarter-Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Delays at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace; which is near expiring; was committed; That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Seamen, their Wives and Relations, 5ellmenj was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, pay. That, for Seven or Eight Years past, they have been kept out of their Pay; and though they, several times, have addressed his Majesty therein, they have hot, as yet, had any Relief; so that the Petitioners have been forced to run in Debt, until they can have no longer Credit; and, without some speedy Help, they, and their Families, must inevitably perish: And praying the Consideration of the House as to the Arrears of their Wages.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Sir T Dyke, Sir Rowland

Gwyn, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Ash, Mr. Bulkly,.

Mr. White, Mr. Foley, Sir John Sir

Sir Fran. Masham, Sir Phil.Butler, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Lordlier, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Mr.

Benoyer, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Daniel/, Mr.

Mr. Culliford, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fleming, Mr.

Mr. Machell, Sir Clouds. Shovel/, Sir Mann. Sir

Eliah Harvey, Mr. Manly, Mr. Mr.

Sir Ra. Delavall, Mr. liar rison, Mr. Freke, Mr. Bro-

therton, Sir Wm. Lordlier, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Harley, Mr. Stonehouse, hlr.Monson, Lord Ranela

Mr .‘Cornwallis, Mr. Arnold: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, and Leather-

dressers,

9 W. III.

27® Martii.

759

dressers, of the Towns of Bewdly, Tenbury, Kidderminster, O, That the Report ' from the Committee ap- Abuses in

and Stourbridge, and of the Country Farmers, and Tenants pointed to inquire into the Abuses of the Officers of the f'xc*ie(luer> inhabiting in the Parts adjacent, was presented to thellouse, Exchequer, and Receivers of the Taxes and Revenues, c‘ and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill before the House be made upon Wednesday Morning next, for laying a Duty upon Leather, which will greatly prejudice, if not ruin, the Trades of the 'Tanners and Curriers, Ordered, That the adjourned Debate, touching the in- Preventing and be a great Disadvantage to Country Tanners and Fur- grossing the Bill for the more effectual preventing the ^x^tu,n mers; y I10 often have great Quantities of Skins and Lea- Exportation of Wool, be resumed upon Monday Morning

ther lying dead in their Hands; there not being a sufficient Demand for them in England; and, unless there be a Drawback of the Duty allowed upon the Exportation of Leather, the same will not be exported; with which Allowance it will not only help the Country, in the Sale of their Skins, but it will be an Encouragement to the said Trades: And praying, That a Drawback of the said Duty may be allowed upon Exportation of Leather.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather is committed.

next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Duty on Merchants, Clothiers, and other Inhabitants, of the an- Woollen Ma-cient Borough of Great Torrington, in the County of De- nufacture*. von, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners find, by the Votes, the House intends to lay a Duty of 10/. per Cent, on the Woollen Manufactures of England; which Duty will be very destructive to that Trade, and the Poor of this Nation employed therein; for that Woollen Cloths will be exported from Ireland, where they can make them cheaper than can be here, if the said Duty be laid, into foreign Markets; and, consequently, the English Trade therein will be lessened:

And praying, That the Clothing-Trade may be taken into Consideration, for its Preservation to this Nation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the said Duties be brought in.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Molyneux have Leave to go Leave of

0 Absence.

A Petition of several Tanners, using the Leather-Market in Leaden hall, in London, for and in behalf of them-

selves, and many others of the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the poor Artificers in Leather will lose the little Trade they now have, in case a Drawback of the Duty, intended to be laid thereon, be allowed to the Exporter; by reason Foreigners will

be able to manufacture our Leather cheaper abroad than into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions our Natives can do at home; and, besides, it will lessen the intended Duty a Third Part, and ruin many Thou- A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Company of WineDutie* sands of Artificers therein: And praying, That no Draw'- Coopers, London, was presented to the House, and read; back of the said Duty may be allowed upon Exportation, setting forth, That many of the Petitioners are great Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Traders in Wines; which they sell to Country Vintners

and Innkeepers; who, by Quartering of Soldiers, are much impoverished, and in the Petitioners Debt; and, if a further Duty be laid upon Wines, they must withdraw their Stocks out of such Innkeepers Hands; to their Ruin; besides the ill Consequences that will attend the Petitioners, who already pay 21 /. per Tun for Custom, and

referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather is committed.

A Petition of the Cordwainers, Curriers, Card-makers, and other Artificers working Leather, within tire Corporation of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of

York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, 2 /. io#. per Cent, for Stock for their Wines: That Wine* That there is a Bill in the House for laying a Duty of 15 /. are imported from Spain and Portugal; and are the Prpr per Cent, upon Leather, whereby the said Duty is to be duce of our Woollen and other Commodities; and, if a allowed upon the Exportation of Leather: That, if the Duty should be laid, it will much lessen the Exportation said Drawback be allowed, it will ruin the Petitioners thereof: And praying the Consideration of the House i?

Trades, and their Families: And praying, that neither the said Duty may be laid on Leather, nor the Drawback on Exportation thereof be allowed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Tanners in and near the City of Worcester, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill depending in the House, for laying a Duty upon Leather; the Petitioners pray, That the same may not extend to any tanned Hides, or Skins to be exported; or that the Exporter may be allowed a Drawback of the Ways and Means for raising the 840,000l. charged upon

the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for laying a Duty upon Wines be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to en- Woollen M*. courage the Woollen Manufactures in and to nufactures.

prevent the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland to foreign Parts: And that Sir Joseph Tily and Sir Wm. Ashurst do prepare, and bring in, the Bill,

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of Ways and the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Means.

Duty upon Exportation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Cordwainers within the Borough of Southwark, on behalf of themselves, and other Arti-

ficers working in Leather, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill in the House, for laying a Duty upon Leather, to which a Clause is offered to be added, for allowing a Drawback of the Duty to the Exporter; which will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and ruin other Artificers in Leather; and will also lessen tire intended Duty: And praying, That they sidue of the 840,000 /. the Times be enlarged for Persons may be heard, to make their Objections against the said to come in and purchase the Annuities mentioned in the Clause. Act, intituled, An Act for enabling such Persons as have

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Estates for Life in Annuities, payable by several former referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom Acts, therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further the said Bill is committed. or more certain Interests in such Annuities; and, in

Voi.. XI. default

Coals, Tonnage of Ships, and Salt, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties upon Leather be appropriated for the Satisfaction of what remains unpaid of the Principal and Interest of the 560,0001, advanced upon the Duties upon Coal and Culm taken away the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for raising the Sum of 280,000l. and Interest, Re-

27® — 29 *M

A. 1697.

default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the same; for raising Monies for carrying on tire War against France.

The First Resolution, being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time 5 Ah Amendment was proposed therein, by adding, after " France," " And that in case the said Sum of " 280,000l. and Interest due thereupon, be not raised " thereby, that it shall be made good out of the First " Aids to be granted the next Session of Parliament And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That, for raising the Sum of 280,000 /. and Interest, Residue of the to prevent Delays at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace; 840,000l. the Times be enlarged for Persons to come in which is near expiring; was read the Third time, and purchase the Annuities mentioned in the Act, intituled, Resoloed, That the Rill do pass: And that trie Title be, An Act for enabling such Persons as have Estates for An Act to make perpetual, and more effectual, an Act, Life in Annuities, payable by several former Acts, therein intituled, An Act to prevent Delays at the Quarter-mentioned, to purchase and obtain further or more cer- Sessions of the Peace.

Luhd, 29" dlt M;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SIR John Bolles reported fVom the Committee, to warbuiWi whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Eitatt.

An Act to enable Trustees to sell the Estate of Richard Warharton Clerk, for Payment of his Debts; and for raising Portions for his Children; was Committed; That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Act, made in the /ffh Dday» at and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

Letters of Marque.

tain Interests in such Annuities; and, in default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase or obtain the same; for raising Monies for carrying on the War against France: And that in case the said Sum of 280,000 /. and Interest due thereupon, be not raised thereby, that it shall be made good out of the First Aids to be granted the next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather is committed, have power to receive Clauses pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, relating to Letters of Marque, was referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Household, and other Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for supplying of some Defects in the Poor Lm. Laws, now in Force, for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made therein; viz.

Press 2. L. # after " Churchwardens," to insert " to " be attested respectively by Two or more credible Witnesses."

L. 10, after " City," to insert Liberty:"

And likewise in several other Places:

Press 4. L. 5, to leave out " City, or Town Corporate," and insert " Riding

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for supplying some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; Duty on Leather.

A Petition of sundry Grasiers frequenting the City of Dutym London, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Gra- Lwtlitr. siers in England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House,

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, That they had made for laying a Duty of 15/. per Cent, upon all Leather; some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had which doth not provide that the Duty shall be repaid on directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit Exportation; whereby the Price of Hides and Cattle will

aga"1- . be greatly lower; and thereby be prejudicial to Land, and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- aiso to the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole heard in the Premises, before the Passing of the said Bill House, to consider further of the said Bill. without such Allowance.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather is committed.

House to consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty

upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answer- A Petition of the Say-makers of Sudbury, and Places Wi"tDcW ing the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many others, trading and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, in the Woollen Manufactory, was presented to the House, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the and read; setting forth, That their Manufactory is chiefly Duties upon Salt; and of the other Matters to them re- shippedoff for the Canaries, Spain, and Portugal/; and the ferred; after the House hath been in a Committee upon Vent of them hath greatly increased, by reason of the the Bill for a further Provision for Payment of the Interest great Quantities of Wines lately imported from those

of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Places, beyond what was formerly: That the Petitioners are informed the House is about laying a Duty on all Wines, of 12/. 12 s. per Tun; which will, consequently, lessen the Importation of them, and the Exportation of the said Manufactures; to the Petitioners great Damage, and Ruin of their Trades: And praying, That the said Duty may not be laid upon Wines.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for laying the said Duty be read a Second time.

A Message

9 W. III.

29°_30° Martii.

761

Moyle's

Eiia;e.

Hay-market Paving, &c.

IncrcaO* of amen.

1 :£.

tab

ii.lt

p» a

Supply Bill;

1'uUrs on Mines.

Transpovt

L>ebt.

ifl;g

il" J

A Mcffiigc from the Lords, by Sir Miles and Sir John Franktyn:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have pa fifed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Ellate of llklutril Moyle Gentleman in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Alio,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving and regulating the Hay-market, in the Parishes of St. Marlin in the Fields, and St. Janies, within the Liberty of I Fes t minster, without any Amendment,

And then the Meli'engers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to enforce the Act, palfed the last Session for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, was read the Third time.

ReJ'uived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enforce the Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen.

Ordered, That Mr. Poultmdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Wines, for the carrying on the War against

Frame, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, rc-folvi cl itl'elf info a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for a further Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Inland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. A orris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; with they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Duty on Leather.

1*

Tit'

.V.

»‘iid U

to *2

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-licler further of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt; and other the Matters to them referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill; and other the Matters to them referred.

Marl is, 30* die Martii

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Boyles for vetting part of the Estate of Richard Moyle, tate* Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Report from the Commissioners for taking and IrilhArre stating the Publick Accounts, upon the Petition of several Troopers belonging to the Regiment of Horse, lately commanded by Colonel Bycrly, and, at present by Colonel Windham, formerly presented to the House, w'as read; and is as followed);

THAT Mr. John Curtis, Agent to the said Regiment whillt in Ireland, did, in the Month of last, transmit to the Commissioners a Book, containing the stated Account of each Troop, and Officer, belonging to the said Regiment, from the 1 ft of September 1689, to which time the said Regiment was cleared, unto the 31th of March 1692. 1 ,

Which Account, so far as it concerns the Petitioners, has been abltracted, containing an Account of all Money paid, and otherwise charged upon each Troop, within the Time above mentioned, for Provisions, Ordnance,

Stores, Horles, Carriage, Hospitals, Cloaths, Accoutrements, Poundage, Agency, and Contingencies, 8$c.; as also an exact Computation of the Pay due to each Troop, exclusive of the Commission-Officers, and their Servants, for the whole time.

That, according as the Agent has stated the Accounts of each Troop, it appears, That Five of the Six Troops have been over-paid from 215/. to 433/. a Troop; and to the other Troop there is but 108/. 17$. 4d. due for Balance: And, if these Accounts be to determine the Dar-

t 7 A

ticular Accounts of each Trooper, and lubaltera Officer, then the Petitioners have little or no Ground for their Complaint:

But the Commissioners are of Opinion, That thele general Accounts, how'ever material they may be to adjuffi Matters betwixt the Colonel, his Agent, and the respective Captains of each Troop; yet they cannot justly determine the particular Accounts depending betwixt the Captains and their respective Troopers; which will further appear by comparing the following Account of a Trooper's Pay, for the Time above mentioned, according to the Agent's State, with a subsequent Account, stated according to the Allowance of the Establishments, and the usual Practice throughout the Army at this present time;

African '*Company.

:i A

lit"

.t:.

it

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Trade to Africa-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. XI.

9 H

the

Irish Arrear*,

300 Mar tit.

The full Pay of a Trooper, according to Establishment, is 2 5. 6d. a Day; and, for tins Time, £. s. d. being 943 Days, comes to - - - - 117 17 t>.

Which, by the Agent's Account, is thus discharged; £. s. d.

By 513 Days Subsistence, at 2.v. per diem - - 51 6 —

Bv a proportionable Part of 5,638/. 19$. 5.$.</. charged to the whole Regiment, for Provisions, Horses, Ordnance, Stores, Carriage, Hospitals, dye. being 939/. 155. 9 to each Troop; and, divided by 46, the Number in each Troop; as the Agent's Trumpeter* 4 Accounts are stated, being exclusive of the Officers Servants, will charge

Tr.'io «r*S ? each Trooper, §c. -20 87

ou)i«j* - 4U |jy tkc like Proportion upon 12,815/. 2s. 9 charged upon the Regi-

46 ment, for Cloaths, Accoutrements. Poundage, Agency, and Contingencies;

which, to each Troop, amounts to 2,135/. 17 ]£</.; and, divided by 46;

the Share of each Man is - -46 87

— ----- ----- -- 118 3 a

By which way of stating the Accounts, without the Charge of Debts due for Quarters in Ireland, end to the Agent, and the Article of Relpits, which, to the whole Regiment, amounts to 2,775/. 12$. "id.-, and, by an equal Dividend, would be to each Trooper 10/. 1*. 1; each Trooper would be over-paid — 58

But, in pursuance of the F.fiablishment, and as the Right of the Troopers same appears to the Commissioners, the Captains of each Troop ought to state the Account of each Trooper that served the whole Time, and proportionably for such as served but a Part of the Time; and so for the Corporals and Trumpeters; in the Method following;

A Trooper's full Pay for this Time is, as above - - *117176

Towards satisfying which, inuft be charged as followeth;

1. For Gd. a Day to answer the Charge of Cloathing, Accoutrements, Poundage, Agency, and Contingencies; which is all aTrooper can be charged with on these Accounts and amounts unto 23/. its. 6d.; whereas by the Agent's Charge, it comes to 46/. 85.

7 d. each ——

2. For so much Subsistence as has been actually paid to each Trooper; which, by the

Paymufter's Books, and by the Agent's Charge, appears to be 513 Days; and, at 2s. per diem, is 51 /. 6 s.; although the Troopers allege, That their respective Captains have kept back Part of that Money from them ——

3. For their Proportion of what is charged for Provisions, Ordnance, Stores, Carriage,

Hospitals, and Rccruit-IIorfes; which being charged upon the Regiment by the Pay-masters, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, each Man ought to bear his Proportion thereof, being to each Troop, as above, 939 /. 15 s. 9; but then the Officers Servants, who re-

ceived their Shares, ought to bear a Part; and then the Number in each Troop will be 54; and each Man's Share will be 17 /. 8 s'.: And, although the Article of Horses feetns hard to such Troopers w ho had no fresh Horses, yet it w ould be much heavier upon such as

Note, When these Article* exceed the 6 the Overplus tnuft be paid out of the growing Off-sleek-oniii};*; anil not tafen out of the Trooper's 8ubiiflci.ee.

T rumpeters Co:p i ds -Troupers -Servants

4

3

4'

8

5+

loft One or more Horses in the Engagements

O O

23 11 6

51 6 —

17 8-

92 5 6

4. And then there will remain due to each Trooper 25/. 12.?.; out of which he must allow for what shall appear justiy charged in his Name, for Quarters in Ireland, or to tife Agent, and for such Time as he is vefpited on the Muller-Rolls: For, should thele Articles be equally divided, a Man that was a good Husband, ami constantly attended the Service, inuft bear a Part with such who have been extravagant in their Quarters, and neglected their Duty - - - 25 12 —

On the other hand it is observable.

1. That the Petition sets forth, as if his Majesty had paid all the Arrears due to this Regiment for the Time above; whereas it appears to the Coumiissioners, that there is yet due 1,301/. 6 s. 6 d.; which, w hen paid, would go a great way towards clearing the Arrears due to the Petitioners; and, as is alleged by Colonel

will be applied accordingly, although, by the Agent's Accounts, itappenrs, in Page 168, there is 2,608/. 15$. 4jr/. due to several Officers; who, probably, will obtain the Preference in respect to the Money due to the Regiment from his Majesty.

2. That in 1110ft of the Accounts of the Regiments that served in Ireland, the Cloaths, Accoutrements, 85c. do far exceed the OlV-lleckoniligs, which ought to discharge the fame; and is the chiefeftOccalion of Complaint to the Petitioners, as well as many others, that have petitioned the Parliament, dye.:

3. That the Subffiience due to the Army whilst in Ireland, not being regularly paid in Money, as usual, the Soldiers did, on Account thereof, receive, from time to time, from his Majesty's Commissiuies, Bread, and other Provisions; as also they contracted Debts in Quarters; for which, as also for Ordnance, Stores, Rccruit-Horles, djyc. in their own Way of accounting, they did never ex7 peel to allow; which puts them upon greater Demands

£ 117 17 6

for Arrears, than, upon Examination, appears in reality due to them; which Mistakes, when discovered to them, have greatly increased their Complaints.

That, in respect to Colonel Robert Byerly, mentioned in the Petition, it appears, That his Commission, as Colonel of this Regiment, commenced the lft Day of January 1689; and that he laid it down, and left the Regiment, on the 31th of January i6or-

That, w ithin the Time above mentioned, he received from the Paymasters of the Irish Forces, on Account of Cloathing, Accoutrements, and Recruit-Horses, for the said Regiment, at several times, the s. d.

Sum of ----- - 7,713 6 3

That, by an Account by him produced and signed, it appears, That he had dif-burl'ed, on those Accounts, the Sum of..... 8,047 3 5*

That the Money he received for those Services being deducted, as above -7>713 6 3

- i —

It appears, that Colonel Byerly has paid on Account of the Regiment in general more than he received, by - - - 333 17

W. III. 30° Marti. 7° 3

That, hv a particular Account produced by Colonel Byerly, for his own personul Pay, until the Day he quitted the Regiment, it appears, That there remains due £ s. d. to him the Sum of 134 — 1

and others, who have Monies on the Duties of Wine, Vinegar, and Tobacco, was presented to the House: And a Motion being made, and the Question put, That the said Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

3 1

5 5

311 j

,1 S

1; !-

!JK-

r r

is reaits iiobts

i a:j

111 :f.'

l eave of Abie ace.

i. i

6 i

So that, by Colonel Byerlyfs own Accounts, there yet remains due to him - 467 17 3f

Hut the Commissioners, for the more Exaftncls in this their Report, summoned Colonel Windham also, who fuc-cecded Colonel Byerly, and is the present Colonel of this Regiment; who, upon Examination, made several Objections to the above-mentioned Accounts of Colonel Byerly: And, upon a full Hearing of the said Objections, it appears to the Commissioners, that Colonel Byerly, by reason of icveral JVIiltakes, rauft be accountable to the Regiment for the following Sums;

l or Poundage of his own personal Pay, £. s. d. more than he has yet allowed - - 53 19 —

For Refpits upon his Pay, as appears by the Multer-Rolls, §c. - 309 11 — -

On Account of recruiting his own Troop, Anno 1C9I, he allows back - 11S 6 8

£. 481 16 8

So that the Balance due to him, as above, being - - - 467 17 3f

And Colonel Byci'ly insisting he has paid, on Account of the Regiment, over and above all that is included in the above-mentioned Account, as by Vouchers since produced - - - 53 12 6

Makes in all - - - - 52199*

So that he is still in Disburse - - £ 39 *3

There is another objection, made by Colonel Windham, relating to 2,000l. charged by Colonel Byerly, to be paid for Cloaths delivered in the Lord Hezvctt's time; which. Colonel Byerly alleged, was paid the Clothiers out of the Pay-Office, by express Order of the Treasury; and that he never touched One Farthing of that Money; However, there is a Difference of 127/. igs. 3^/. on this Account; which Colonel Byerly mult make good to the Regiment, in case he cannot prove the Payment thereof.

And, these Matters being as is above expressed with relation to Colonel Byerly, it seems reasonable, that Colonel Windham, who 11;cceeded him as Colonel, and has fiucc received upwards of 11,000l. from the Paymasters, on Account of the Irish Anvar, from the iff of September 1 boq, to the 31 tli of March 1C92, should be accountable for the same to the Regiment: And he hath promised to deliver in his Accounts of what lie hath received in a few Days.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Paymasters of the Army for Ireland, as a Direction to them in making up the future Accounts of that Regiment.

Ordered, That Sir Ban. Drake have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Fstcourt have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee qp- Abofes in pointed to examine what Dyes have been got out of the the Tuner, and by what Means; and to inquire into the Miscarriages of the Officers of the Mint; be made upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Supply Rill; Wines, for carrying on the War against France, was, ac- Wine Duties* cording to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[yr} 148.

Tellers for the Nocs,{g: } 94-

So it Avas resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved., That the said Committee be impowered to consider of Ways and Means for railing an Equivalent for the said Duty, if they think fit.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Duty on consider further of the Bill for laying a Duty upon Lea- leather, tlier, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt; and other Matters to them referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Tho. Littleton also reported from the said Com- Duties <m mittee, That they had coufidcred the Matter to them re- Tin. ferred, relating to the Duty upon Tin, and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Tho. Littleton also reported from the said Com- Duties on mittee, That they had not as yet coufidcred the Petition Gfcfs. of the Cilafs and Earthen Ware, and Tobacco-pipe, Makers, nor the Report relating to the Glass-makers, to them referred; but had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to lit again, in order thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition and Report.

Thompfoa's

Elrate.

c

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Franklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the speedy Payment of the Debts of Sir Wm. Thompson Knight, Serjeant at Law, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mdicngers withdrew.

Creditors on

(Wine Duties.

i, ‘

A Petition of f'undry Persons, in behalf of themselves, Vo L. XI.

Resolved, That this Iloule will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Dutict.

consider further of the Bill for granting to his....

certain Duties upon Malt and Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine,a Clock.

31* Martii — 1° Aprilis.

Mercurii, 31° Martii;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Thompfons a jsj ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act a *' jTV for the speedy Payment of the Debts of Sir William Thompson Knight, Serjeant at l.aw, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Preventing The House resumed the adjourned Debate, touching , ACrU0" ingrofTing the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool:

And the Question being put, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossfed;

It passed in the Negative.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Abuses in Mr. Gwyn reported, from the Committee appointed to hxcheuuer. inquire inio the Abides of the Officers of the Exchequer, and Receivers of the Taxes and Revenues, the Matter, as it appeared to them: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Supply Bill; Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of Duly on the whole House, to w hom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Leader. Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for anlw ering the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt., was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which ho read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's 'Fable: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That all Persons who have any Slock of Leather for Sale, not made into Wares, shall pay a certain Duty to his Majesty for the fame; and that all inch Persons shall deliver to the proper Officer a Particular of their Stocks valued, under a Penalty; to the end their Stocks may be known: And that, upon Search and View of the fame, the Officer may examine into the Truth of the Particular: And if any Dispute arise, about the Valuation of any Stock, the same shall be determined by the Oath of the Owner, in Writing; but, if the Officer shall think the King defrauded thereby, he may take the Goods at the Value specified in the Affidavit, paying down ready Money to the Owner; and the Goods shall afterwards be fold, at the heft Advantage, for his Majesty's Use: And that in all Cases, where no Particular shall be given of % Stock, or if any Part of the same be fraudulently omitted thereout, or shall be concealed, or carried away, before the Duty paid, or secured, as the Act requires, the same shall be forfeited to his Majesty:

And the said Clause was twice read; and the B1 filled up: anks

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be in-grofifed.

Duty on Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Tin. whole House, to whom the Matter relating to the Duty

upon Tin exported was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-Malt Duties. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his

1697.

Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houffield, and other Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 1* die;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

P RATERS.

AN ingrossfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Tl.ompfbni for the speedy Payment of the Debts of Sir William Thompson Knight, and Serjeant at Law, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley,

Sir Charles Windham, Lord Ashley, Mr. Henly, Sir John Bolls, Mr. MonsterensSir Tho. Dyke, Sir John Parsons,

Sir IVm. Concper, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Manley, Sir Buck-

nail, Mr. Done, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Guy, Mr. Lyddall,

Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Win. Ashurst, Mr. Coo -per, Mr. Kew-

port. Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Tho. Sir Math.

Andrews, Mr. Jennings, Mr. BMr. Mr. JVorris, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Freke, Mr. Munson, Mr.

Berty, Mr Stonehouse, Mr. Car, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Evelyn, Mr ASir coitgh, Sir Mar. Wyvell, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mr.

Colt, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Palmes, Sir Tho. Roberts,

Mr. Johnson, Mr. Osborn, Mr. Arnold, Mr. ington,

Sir John Robinson, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Sir Jereas

Elwes, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Travel's, Sir Jacob Ashley:

And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Math. ASir John Bolls, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Waller, Colonel Granville, Mr. 1 a-' Morgan, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Manley, Sir Mar.

Wy el; and all that serve for the Sea-Ports; be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Hundreds of Seamen, their Wives and Relations, is referred:

And that the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

An ingrossfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Warbrai to enable Trustees to fell the Estate of Richard htatt.

Clerk, for Payment of his Debts; and for raising Portions for his Children; was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Windham have Leave to go Ieaven| into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Al>leDt'

Ordered, That Colonel Kirby have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Fraternity of Skinners and Glovers pttly(>n of the Corporation of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, at tr was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade of making Gloves, and Dressing of Leather,

# 9 o r o w

within the said Town, hath been, for many Years last past, a great Support to the poor People dwelling in and near the said Town, by being thereby employed and kept at work; but, of late, the great Taxes laid upon Salt,

Alum, and Oil, with which the said Leather is dreflfed, hath so diminitlied the said Trade, that Half the working Glovers are already like to ltarve, for want of Work; anil, if there should any further Tax be laid upon Leather it would prove almost, if not a total Deltruction thereunto.

And praying. That there may not be any further Duty laid upon Leather, but rather that the Trade of Skinners and Glovers may, for the future, be supported, and not destroyed.

Ordered, That the said Pt'tion do lie upon the Table.

Sir

t

n

9 W. III.

i" Apri

7$5

Duty on Tin. Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, repprted, Mr. Mr. Gardner, Mr. Sir

from the Committee of the whole House, to whgm jt Hty. Hobart, Serjeant JVogan, Mr. Colt, Sir was referred to consider of the Matter relating to the baw, SnTho. Duvall, hovei Sir Joe. Ashley, Mr.

Duty upon Tin exported, the Resolution of the said Com- Do?ie, Sir C/ia. Ridley, Mr. Sloan, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Pel-mittee; which they had directed him to report to the ham, Mr. Ogle, Sir Wm. Couper, Sir Ruwl.

House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if the Subsidy upon all Drugs, imported directly from the Place of their Growth, in built Ship-

Gzvyn, Mr. ijatidford, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Morgan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And are to fit de die in diem: And are impowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Complaint being made to the House, That in a Privilege-

ping, were laid at the Rate of 5/. per.Cent, according to printed Paper, published this Day, intituled, " The Fly- Obnoxious

♦I.,* £.11 1___* — j: __________ — . ih «< " nn'ni J ki. r,r., Publication

fi, nai

irjA.

W.

ill

r.fe

t ihi

II,;.-.

the full Value, and not according to the Abatement in the Book of Rates; and all Drugs otherwise imported, at treble the said full Value; it will be an Equivalent for the taking off Four Shillings and Four-pence per Hqndred Weight upon Tin expqrted.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be tpade, by adding " and Pewter, after " Tin And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-in the said Resolution, lo amended. That if the

ing Polt, or Post-Master," printed by John at the Rising Sun, in Comhill, it is said; " We hear that " when the Exchequer-Notes are given out, upon the Capitation Fund, whoever shall desire Specie on them will " have it at 5I. and Half per . of the Society of Gen-

" tlemen, that have subscribed to advance feme Hundred " thoulands of Pounds

Resolved, That the said printed Paper is a malicious ln-finuation, in order to destroy the Credit and Currency of the Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That the said John Salusbury be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending tin's House,

mittee

Subsidy upon all Drugs, imported directly from the Place for printing and publishing the said Paper, of their Grow th^in English-buWt Shipping, were laid at the OrThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Preveating Rate of 5/.per Cent, according to the full Vajue, aoc*not prevent the Writing, Printing, and Publishing, any News Publication

ill: j

P L

Kygate, Sec. Hoads.

P;irtX Guiles in Brewing.

1

Crowle s H- lji Estate.

kw

Supply Bill; Deficiencies & Bank-Stock, &c.

according to the Abatement in the Book of Rates; and all Drugs otherwise imported, at treble the said full Value; it will be an Equivalent for the taking off 4?. 4 per Hundred Weight upon Tin and Pewter exported.

Ordered, That a Bill be. brought, in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Boscawen and Mr. Attorney-General do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir John Franklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highway between in the County of Surrey, and Crawly, in the County of Sussex, without any Amendment:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing a Clauleln a, former Act, relating to party Guiles; and for the better preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, and others chargeable with the Duties of Excise; without any Amendment:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Roger Crmole Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for railing Portions for his younger Children; in regard he, being a Lunatick, could not execute the Power in his Marriage-Settlement for that Purpose; without any Amendment:

And also to the Bill Intituled, An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of;

and for raising the publick Credit; without any Amendment.

And then the M^ffengers withdrew.

without Licence: And that Mr. Poultney and Mr. Moor do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

of News

without

Licence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Abuses in the pointed to examine what Dyes have been got out of the Mint.

Tower; and by what Means; and to inquire into the Miscarriages of the Officers of the Mint; be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating and settling the Trade to Africa.

African

Company.

[0 5&

Brokers and Stock-job-

r\ Jer».

j

Esther,

Vtlva!lDitt0* ini 0 kef* on

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the Number, and, ill Practices, ,of Brokers, and Stockjobbers: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exche-

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetwood Shep- Royal Assent herd, Gentleffian Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported to the House,. That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned; and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the publick Credit:

An Act for Repealing of a Clause in a former Act, relating to party G uiles; and for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, and others chargeable with the Duties of Excise:

An Act for enlarging common Highways:

An Act for continuing several former Acts for punching Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny, or desert his

quer. Sir RowlandGwyn, and Sir Joseph Tiley, do pre- Majesty's Service; and for punishing falle Musters; and

pare, and bring in, th? Bill.

Resolved, That aCojnmittee be appointed to inquire into the ill Practices of Brokers and Stockjobbers; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House: And it, is referred to Lord Sir Jos. Tiley,

Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Shackerly, Mr, Moor, Mr. Arnold, J falter Young, Lord Spencer,. Sir/Tot. Hustler, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Mr.

for Payment of Quarters; for One Year longer:

An Act for the completing, building, and adorning, the Cathedral Church of St.Paul, London; and for repairing the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, JVistminster: An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Compositions with their Debtors, in case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree:

An Act for paving 'and regulating die , in

the Parishes of St. Martin's in the Fields, and St. James,

Foley, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Perry, Sir Tho. within the Liberty of Westminster:

Littleton, Mr. Moksworth, Sir- IVm. Ashurst, Mr. Culli- An Act for repairing the Highway between Rygate, ford, Mr. Mawdit, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Couper> Mr. in the County of Surrey, and in the County of

Gery^lr.Methxvin, Lord Pawlet, Six John Fleet, Mr. Sussex:

VOL. XI. 9 I ' An

o

Transport

Debt.

Supply Rill; Wine Duties.

Supply Bill; Mult Duties.

Committees.

Duty on Woollen Manufactures.

766

i° — -3° Aprilis.

A. 1697.

An Act for explaining a former Act of Parliament, in- read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, already labouring tituled, An Act for enabling Trustees to fell Part of the under great Difficulties and Losses in carrying on their re-Estate of Edmund Warner, deceased, for Payment of his spective Trades, for the Employment of their Poor, are t\.i_ j r r A c n‘ r '" informed, That there is a Bill depending in this House, for

imposing a Duty of 1 ol. per Cent, ad Valorem, upon all wrought Goods made of Wool; which Bill will not only waste and impoverish the Makers of the Woollen Manufactures, and Dealers in that Trade, but also leave the Poor employed therein to perish with Want: That the

Debts; and for preserving the rest for the Benefit of his Heir:

An Act to enable William , an Infant, to fell an

Estate, in the County of Chester, to pay Debts secured by Mortgages:

An Act to vest certain Lands, late of Samuel Trotman

Esquire, deceased, lying in Barking, Eastham, Westham, Petitioners, instead of getting any thing towards the Main-

— j - n tenance of themselves and Families, do now really lose

above 5/. per Cent, by making their Goods; and if 10/. per Cent, more be laid on the said Goods, it will be impossible toraifethe Price of their Goods according to that Imposition; whereby they shall be utterly disabled from carrying on their respective Trades: And praying. That their Condition and Circumstances may be taken into Consideration: and not only a Stop put to the Palling of the Bill, but also that some Method may lie found out for

and Wookoich, in the Counties of Kent and Essex, in Trustees, to be sold; and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof:

An Act to supply a Defect in an Act for enabling Oliver Neve Esquire to fell Two Houses, in; and for

settling Lands, in the County of of greater Value,

to the same Uses:

An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Roger Crowle Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for railing Portions for his

younger Children; in regard he, being a Lunatick, could the Encouragement of the Petitioners in their Trades.

not execute a Power in his Marriage-Settlement for that Purpose:

An Act for importing several Goods and Merchandizes, laden, in Turkey, on board the Ship called The Success and Dragon Gaily; paying Customs as if imported by English Ships.

Mr. Norris, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for a further Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Hf-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the said Duty be brought in.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir Co- Difammlik-1

lonel Wharton, Sir Rowland Mr. Slater, Sir ?.night!

Mann. Wivell, Mr. Clark, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Gods.

Copley, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Chadwick, Mr. Freke, Mr.

Conyers, Sir John Manwaring; and all the Members for Yorkshire; be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for disannulling the Marriage of Hannah Knight, an Infant, is committed.

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom Paving ati 1 the Bill for explaining and enforcing the Act, made in the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, for paving and cleansing the Streets within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be the Streets adjoining the reunto, was re-committed, That

adjourned until Saturday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-lolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majel'ty certain Duties upon Wines, for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr Speaker resumed the Chair. And

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

they had made several Amendments to the Bill, and also added a Clause for widening the Street at and near the South End of London Bridge; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with other Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That by the Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his now Majesty and the late Queen Mary, for paving and

Amendments; which they' had directed him to report, cleansing the Streets in the Cities of London and Westmin-when the House will please to receive the same. stef and Suburbs, and other Places within the Weekly

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Bills Mortality, the Breeding, Feeding, and Keeping,

any Sort of Swine, within the Backsides of paved Streets of the said Cities, Borough, or Parishes, where the Houses

Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt and Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions.

are contiguous, are prohibited, on pain of forfeiting all such Swine; which, nevertheless, hath not prevented the fame; but that the Inhabitants of the said City and Borough are still much annoyed: For Remedy whereof, Be it Enacted, That the said Act, and the Clause therein, against the Breeding, Feeding, or Keeping, of Swine, shall be, from and after the Day of

0

effectually put in Execution against all Persons whatsoever And then the House adjourned till Saturday "h? fta!‘Presume *° keep.any manner of

Mornim- next,. Nine a Clock. ' Sw'" w',hln"V , Part of Jheu Bac"<leS 0 the

paved Streets or Lanes of the said Cities, Borough, or

----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- — ----- --- Parishes, so far as the contiguous Buildings of them, or

any of themihall extend, or within the Space of

Yards thereof:

And the same was twice read; and amended , and,

upon, the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made

Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

Sabbati, 8° die Aprilis;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

IIDERE D, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, and Places adjacent, on behalf of themselves and several others using

A Petition of the Master-Skinners, Glovers, and other Glove I

the Trade of Clothiers, or otherwise employed in the Persons, trading in the Township of Namptuich, in the Woollen Manufacture, was presented to the House, and County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read;

35 setting

n

'iij

irre-. are

!f,;or

nail

't'A

‘W

vetae attl* Maia-V lots;

if 10/. kirn-

t'jtia d fiOl

!. Tbt

fn into uiiajci I outior »k ie Talrle

W. III.

i'tf.Clr

r/rr,

'ir Gee;

:fe,l

'Ic:d<j

ism*

/r'ii'D

,t oea-aka; r.Jc*'

ce:t

i.: ,i l.

fi sea -,i'l

.wi :r .1:3

I If:'* iefe i k % \ck

ffi&i

:k«!

ite'-d jit tfc lift*

jtfd SjM item 5

50 April

767

setting forth, lit, That the Trade of making Gloves be- Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

ing a Manufacture of the English Nation, and maintains That if any of the Wines, imported as aforesaid, or now a great Number of Poor, many of which are incapable in , for which the Duties hereby granted shall be

of following any other Employ; to the utter Ruin of paid, or such Security given for the lame, as by this Act themselves and Families, if deprived: 2dly, Some kind is directed, shall be again exported, within of Alum already paying a double Duty, has advanced the Months, by any Native, or Months by any

Rates lb considerably, that has caused a great Diminution Foreigner, after the Importation thereof, then the afore-

of Trade, so that many working Glovers are throw n quite laid Duty shall be repaid, or the Security vacated, as to

out of Employ; which insupportable Necessity may drive what tliall be lo exported

them into foreign Countries, there to inllruft Foreigners; to the utter Rum of the ancient Manufacture: And praying to be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Preventing

Publication

of News without Li-

cence.

Mr. Poultney, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for preventing the Writing, Printing, and Publishing, any News without Licence: And the same was received; and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Supply Bill; Mr. Boscauen according to Order, presented to the D "4pester*" ^ou^e a for Jefiening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter m ew r‘ exported; and granting an Equivalent for the lame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And theiame was twice read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Mr‘

I eilers for tfae i cao,|Sir Hm QoU

103.

Tellers for the Noes,{"r'

105.

l)i fan nulling

Knight's

Marriage.

T ransport Debt.

Ordered, That the Matters of Fact, together with the Bill for disannulling the Marriage of Hannah Knight, an Infant; and punishing the Persons concerned in carrying her away; be reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, took into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for a further Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with other Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w'as offered, to be added to the Bill, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for the Time being, out of the Monies raised by this, or the said recited Act, to pay to the said Commissioners, their Clerks, or any other Persons, such Sums of Money as they, or any of them, shall or may reasonably deserve for their Service, or shall or may have expended in the Execution of this or the said recited Act.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made to the Bill by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

Mr. Manly:

So it passed in the Negative.

The House according to the Order of the Day, relblved Supply Bill; itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Malt Duties, further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houthold, and other Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then Morning,

the House adjourned Nine a Clock.

till Monday

Lance, 5° die Aprilis; 9* Gulielmi Tertii.

SI R Joseph Tyly, according to Order, presented to the woollen House a Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufactures Manufac-in England-, and to prevent the Exportation thereof from tur<:S-Ireland to foreign Parts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Wednesday Morning next.

Supply Bill; Wine Duties.

d;*

i£$

.yl*:

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Wines, for carrying on the War against France, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which lie read in his Place; with the Coherence ;and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That *

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Vo L. XI.

Sir John Bolles reported from the Committee, to whom Thompson's the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the speedy Payment of the Debts of Sir Wm. Thompson Knight, and Serjeant at Law, deceased, was committed, That they had examined and considered the lame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

A Bill for lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter SupplyBjhj exported; and granting an Equivalent for the fame, by pewter.* laying a further Duty upon Drugs imported; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Privilege — A Person petitions for Discharge.

Ways

and Means.

Irish Arrears.

T ransport Debt.

c

Supply Bill Duty on Leather.

5* — 6° Aprilis. A. 1697.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

x '

A Petition of John Salusbury, in Custody of the Serjeant

at Arms attending this House, was presented to the House, and read; whereby he acknowledged his Offence, and begged Pardon for the fame: And prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Salusbury be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning, to be examined.

Resolved', That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697, instead of the Duty upon Wines.

A Petition of Captain Christopher was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That he had formerly a Company of Marines in the Regiment commanded by the Marquis of Carmarthen;whereof Mr. Robert

Griffith was feme time Agent, who hath charged the Petitioner with the Sum of 929/. 135. 6d. in an Account of the said Regiment delivered to Mr. Richard Homage, the present Agent of the said Regiment; which Sum the Petitioner stands charged with: And the Petitioner having, several Years ago, often demanded of the said Mr. Griffith an Account, to be signed by him, and to produce his Vouchers for the said Charge of 929/. 13#. C d.; which the Petitioner could never yet obtain; and the Petitioner believing himself to be therein very much wronged: And praying the Relief of this House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of John Hakewell, and other Troopers, was referred.

An ingrossed Bill for a further Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to give any Power, for the Licensing of any Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman, to fell, or expose to Sale, any Wares or Merchandizes in any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Market-Town, within this Realm, any otherwise than might have been done before the Making of this Act:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, for the Reducing of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bijl for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years, for answering the Deficiencies as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities on the Lotteries, and' for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bijl, That nothing in this Act shall extend to charge any Beaver-Skins, commonly called Coat-Beaver,' which are used only for making of Hats, and not made use of as Leather:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. to leave out " 10th," and insert " 20th:"

Press 3. L. to insert " Mill;" and to leave out " and, " and insert " or:"

Press 6. L. to leave out " 10th," and insert " 20th And the like in several other Places:

Press 15* L. after " Dressers," to insert " Merchants,

" Dealers:"

And the like in several other Places:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at die Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be,

An Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years j and making other Provision for answering the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities upon the Lottery, and for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Duties upon Salt.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Afncan ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Company. House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Trade to Africa.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill: solved itself into a Committee of the w hole House. to con- Mali Dins. fider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, after the House hath been in a Committee to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on . the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1G97, instead of the Duty upon Wines.

'And then the House adjourned till To-

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is,6° die Apr Ms;

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Moyle's for vesting Part of the Estate of Richard Moyle, Estate. Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. White,

Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Fortcscuc, Sir Tho. Dike, Sir Mar. Wyvell, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir John Bolls, Sir John Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Clo-bury, Mr. Slater, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Colt, Mr. Manly, Mr . Mounstevens, Mr. Bertye, Dr. Ov-

en den, Brigadier Trelawney, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Lowther, Sir. Cha. Turner, Mr. Waller, Sir Mr. Henley; Mr. Thompson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Mr. Hevening-

ham, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Moyle: And all the Members

that serve for the County of Cornwall: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Woollen Ma- Wo*'., nufactures iu England; and to prevent the Exportation nufacture-. thereof from Ireland to foreign Parts; be read a Second time Tomorrow, in a full House.

An

C

fit

V

Paving and

cleansing

Streets.

oi

in?

aid

sad

Du-

Silo

Tinners

Trade.

Man-

:iil (.i 'ai;

,i t Arn»y

1 Arrears.

.toc&i -«&a i Pc,

'Wc.S

idle.

IKK,

o;n:> jld :ve. Ti

M-s;

Ik'iih. 6 Ti'j.E

Disannulling

‘ V Knight's Itx U Marriage.

Commissioners of Victualling.

AJaV

n Ifei

ii'iDt®

\lr.

Sii $ k f-'

r \lr.!>

r*. DflJ-

,iiii

\lc#

a®5'

a!1#

)i^'

9 W. 111.

6* Aprilis.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and enforcing the Bowes, Sir Samuel Mr. , Mr. Act, made in the Second Year of his Majesty's Reign, I Veld, Sir Win. , Sir A/<zr. Mr.

for paving and cleansing the Streets within the Weekly Mr. Thompson, Sir Shovell, Mr. Harrison, Ad-

Bills of Mortality, and the Streets adjoining the reunto, miral Russell, Mr. Mr. Pelham, Mr. Gery,

was read the Third time. Mr. Clerk, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Norris, Sir Tho.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Mompe Mr. Fuller, Ix>rd Mr. Boyle, Mr. be, An Act for explaining and enforcing the Act for Foley, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Henly, Mr. Morgan, Mr. paving and cleansing the Streets within the Cities of Carew, Sir Hen. Crofts, Sir John Sir Fra. Mas-

London and Westminster, and Borough of Southzcark, sam, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Neale, Sir John and Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Streets adjoining Bucknall, Mr. Perry, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Holt: And thereunto; and for widening the Street at the South End they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the of London- Bridge. Speaker's Chamber; and to sit de die in diem: And have

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do cany the Bill to the Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records:

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee,

That they have Power to receive Informations of any Mr. Boscawen, according to Order, presented to the Abuses relating to the Victualing-Office; and report the House a Bill for encouraging the Consumption of Tin, and same to the House, advancing the Price thereof: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to Supply Bill; A Petition of Katherine Lovelace, Administratrix of her whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties Malt Duties. Son-in-Law, Captain Peircy Kirk, was presented to the upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well House, and read; setting forth, That her Son-in-Law towards carrying on the War against France, as for the was Captain of a Company of Marines, in the Regiment necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other commanded by the Right Honourable the Marquis of Occasions, is committed, have Power to receive Clauses Carmarthen; and that, when he died in the West Indies, for advancing the Money to be raised by the said Bill, there was due to him for his Pay, as Captain of the said

Regiment, the Sum of 135/. or thereabouts, as the same Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Abuses iu had been stated and agreed to before the Commissioners pointed to inquire into the Miscarriages of the Officers of the Mint, of Accounts; and that Mr. Richard Harnage, Agent to the Mint be made Tomorrow Morning; and nothing the said Regiment, was thereupon directed, by the said to intervene.

Commissioners, to make Payment of the said Arrear to

the Petitioner; who did accordingly pay her 95/. Part Ordered, That Mr. Bridges, Mr. Holt, Mr. Mason, Brokers thereof, and desired longer time for paying the Re- Mr. Liddell, Sir Mompesson, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Ar- and Stock-mainder: But the said Mr. Harnage doth now absolutely mid, Mr. Henley, be added to the Committee to whom Jobbers, refuse to pay the Petitioner the Remainder: And praying the Bill to restrain the Number, and ill Practice, of ~..... ..... Brokers and Stockjobbers, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Nor- irishArreare. ris, Mr. Colt, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Freke, Sir Edward Abney, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakezvell and Alexander Gamble, on be-behalf of themselves, and other Troopers, who served in the Wars in Ireland, and served in Colonel Villers'

Regiment, was referred.

Resolved, That the Committee of the whole House, to Ways a&d whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means. Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of

the Consideration of the House; and that the said Mr.

Harnage may be directed to pay the Remainder of the said Arrear to the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hakezvell, and other Troopers, was referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for disannulling the Marriage of Hannah Knight, an Infant; and for punishing the Persons concerned in conveying her away; was committed; he made Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Tutchin Gentleman, late One of the

Clerks of his Majesty's Victualling-Office, was presented the 'Year 1697, instead of the Duty upon Wines, have to the House, and read; setting forth, That he having Power to consider of an Equivalent for the Duty laid been ruined in the late Reigns, for ascertaining the Li- upon the Manufactures made of, or mixed with, Wool, berty of England, and the Protestant Religion; and, being Silk, or Hair, if they think fit

returned from Ireland, in the Service of his present Ma- Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, jesty; his Uncle James Hoxv Esquire, One of the Com- resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole

House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee: Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had considered the Matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House would please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning

missioners of the Victualing-Office, gave him a Clerk's Place in the said Office; but, his Uncle soon after dying, and the Petitioner being left to the Mercy of the surviving Commissioners, they gave the just Profits of the Petitioner to a Creature of their own; who has been guilty of many Embezzlements; of which the Commissioners took no Notice, though informed thereof by the Petitioner: That he never was yet charged by the Commissioners with any thing tending to the Prejudice of the King, or Neglect of Business; but, on the contrary, has saved the King some Hundreds of Pounds per Ann.-, which, through Ignorance, was before lost: That the Petitioner hath often solicited the said Commissioners for his just Fees, but without any Effect: AncJ praying such Relief therein as this House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committees And that they do examine the Matter of Fact; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Bolls, Mr. Arnold, Mr . Manly, Mr. Waller, Sir

Sir Hen.Hobart, Sir Tho. Day, Dr. Mr. Mason,

Sir H. Dutton Colt, Mr. Morris, Mr. Colt, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Lowther, Colonel King, Sir Wm. Vo 1.. XI.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Malt -Dutw*. consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee,

9 K That

77° 6° — 7 A1697.

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercari, T die;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Tinners A BILL for encouraging the Consumption of Tin, Trade. jT\. and advancing the Price thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill bp read a Second time.

Disannulling Mr. Norris, according to Order, reported, from the

Knight's Committee, to whom tile Pill to disannul the Marriage Marriage. of Hannah Knight, an Infant; and punish the Persons concerned in conveying her away; was committed; the Matter of Fact specially, as it appeared to the Committee; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That Sir Ralph Knight, by Lease and Release, dated the 21th and 22th of May 1683, in Consideration of a Marriage then intended, and which was soon after had, between John Knight, his eldest Son, and Mary the Daughter of Robert Clarkson Esquire, did convey the Manor and Lands therein mentioned, to Trustees, for the Term of 500 Years, in Trust, for the Raising of Portions for younger Children; if there was but One Daughter, and no Issue Male, then to raise 5,000l. Portion for such Daughter, payable at her Age of 21 Years, or Day of Marriage, which should first happen; and such Maintenance as the Trustees, or the Survivor of them, should think fit, not exceeding 60/. per Ann.:

That the said John Knight and Mary his Wife had Issue a Daughter, being the above-named Hannah the Infant; who was born the 21th of December 1686, and christened the First Day of January following as appeared by a Certificate thereof proved:

That the said John Knight died the 6th May 1693, leaving Issue only the said Daughter; and after his Death, the Trustees agreed with the Counsel of Mary the Mother, the Infant being then but a little above Six Years old, to allow 40 /. per Aim. for her Maintenance; which was paid to the Mother for Two Years; but, be-, fore the Third Year was up, site intermarried with James Watkinson, who has her own Coachman, and had been her late Husband's Groom.

Mr. Clerkson, Executor of Robert Esquire,

deceased, Father of the said Mary, the Mother of the Infant, said, That the said Testator was so much concerned at the Apprehensions he had of such his Daughter's Marriage with her said Coachman, that he, to shew his Resentment thereof, obliged her to enter into a Bond to him, of 1,500/ Penalty, that she would never marry him the said Watkinson.

Mr. Tho. Man'iot attested, That the Trustees, being very much concerned for the Infant, did prefer their Bill in Chancery against the said Watkinson and Mary his Wife; thereby setting forth the Trust, and the Marriage of the Mother; to the Intent to have the Inftrnt preserved from her Father-in-law, and that she might not be married to her Disadvantage.

That, on the 3d of August 1696, Mp. Watkinson and his Wife put- in their Answer to the said Bill; which was perused and signed by Serjeant Gooding; who, thereby finding that there was such a Portion settled upon the said Hannah the Infant, though otherwise a Stranger to the Family, did apply himself to him, the said Mr. Marriot, who was concerned in Chancery for the said Trustees on 22

behalf of the Infant, for Satisfaction in the Truth of Such-Portion, and how the same was secured; and, Mr. Mar~ riot acquainting him wkh the same, the said Serjeant tpld him, He had a Friend that would be $ad to treat of a Marriage for the young Lady; but Mr. Marriot told him, the said Infant was very young and it would be very proper for his Friend to treat with the Trustees in that Affair; and that if he, the Serjeant, would give him his Proposals in Writing, he would communicate the same to them: Upon which the said Serjeant left him; and he heard no more from him, till he received a Letter from Mr. Taylor, one of the Trustees, and a Member of this House, that he had heard, That the said Infant, his Niece, was married to one of the said Serjeant s

Sons.

Mr. Bernrd said. That, on the 29th Day of September last, Tho. Gooding the younger, in order to get a D-cence at Doctors-Commons, being accompanied with the Serjeant his Father, the said Mary, Mother of the Infant, and Watkinson her Husband, he the said Tho. Gooding the younger made Oath, the which was produced, entered in the said Mr. Benardts Book, attested by the said Mary Watkinson?, signing the same, That the said Infant was about 12 Years old.

TVm. Clements, Doctor of Laws, before whom the said Oath was made, said, That he, observing some Sort of Interlineation in the Oath, relating to the Age of the said Infant, did require the said Infant's Age from the said Mrs. Watkinson; who then, in Presence of the Parties aforesaid, did declare her Daughter to be about 12 Years of Age: Upon which Affirmation, and the said Mr. GW-ing's Oath, a Licence was granted for such Marriage.

Mr. Marriot informed the Committee, That, in Hilary Term last, the said Trustees did petition the Lord Keeper concerning the said Infant, complaining of the Proceedings of the said Watkinson, and his Wife, and the said Serjeant Gooding, pending the said Bill in Chancery, and prayed, That the said Infant might be brought into Court, and committed to some indifferent Hand, until she should attain her Age of Consent: Whereupon, the Lord Keeper, on the 12th Fcbi'uary 1696, ordered, That kinson, and his Wife, and Serjeant Gooding, should attend him, with the Infant, on the next Day of Petitions: That, on the 12th March 1696, the said Parties attended, with the said Infant; and, after the Petition, and Two Affidavits, on the Petitioners Part, were read, Serjeant Gooding refused to consent to deliver up the Child at that time; but desired further time, in order to take Copies of the Petitioner's Affidavits, and to make lik Defence by Affidavits also: And thereupon the Lord Keeper ordered, That the Child should be brought again, and all Parties to attend him on the 18th March then next ensuing; and that all Affidavits, on either Side, should be filed Two Days before:

That, on the 18th March 1696, the Petitioners, with their Counsel, attended at the Lord Keeper s House accordingly; but, after some time, Mrs. Watkinson, with some of Serjeant Gooding's Daughters and FamilyJ came with the Infant to my Lord Keeper's House; but, before the Infant was brought into Court, she was taken away from the Company of her Mother, and those that came with her, by a Woman who stood there ready, whose Name, upon Inquiry, was found to be Jane Pasmore; who had been a Servant for Four Years, about Five Years since, in Serjeant Gooding's House, and is since employed to make Manteaus for several of the Serjeant's Family; and had been but Two Days before at the Serjeant's House:

Thatmy Lord Keeper sent his Messenger to search after Pasmore; but she could not be found, nor the Child; and then the Lord Keeper did examine most of the Serjeant's Family; but both he, as well as they, and also Watkinson, and his Wife, and Tho. Gooding the younger, did all affirm* upon their Oaths, excepting the Serjeant, who, though not upon Oath, did affirm, That they did not know where the said Child was; though it was testified, before the Lord Keeper, That the said Pasmore made a Courtesy to the Infant's Mother when she took the Child away;

'fjllcii

m

,1- 'i i

it

-eesb ve fci® f same

and be nrom

of this 'odijfj

% a-ttalj. ttith the

he d Icia

h a:

- Sort t

i tilt si| i tit si

t Pa*

it'.ii

M*

rrbj. in Kv

ft krfc

:Pi^ d (id & iicerr :d ntu(k

uOD!

i. to? L.s

m

diasai

im:

Piiltfeif

[ilioid

ra>

ti.c fi ei it iiif ni i ;[i I*u

rfiU ja

it jit fit

Uoe*t ,«n. iK* at. be-® lea Jt to*

v 'i«

I'm

iilUt

neauti

tieSs-

is

i J*

'll

;1!L

p W. III. 7"

771

«ad that there was no manner of Outcry made to prevent her being carried off:

And that it is supposed, That it is the Design of the Serjeant, and his Son, and the other Confederates, either to keep the Child till she comes to the Years of Consent, and then to compel her to agree to the Marriage; or otherwise, that if the Child die before she attain her Age of Twelve, that Tho. Gooding the Son will then be entitled to

take out Administration to the Infant, under the Pretence of the said Marriage, and thereby recoverthe said 5,000l. And the said Mrs. Mary Watkinson and Thomas Gooding junior, who signed their Petition to this House, together with the said Serjeant Gooding, attending, to be heard against the said Bill, by their Counsel; The said Deed of Settlement, made by Sir Ralph Knight upon the Marriage of Mr. Knight and the In-fant s Mother, together with her Second Marriage to Mr. Watkinson, was admitted to be true:

And the said Mrs. Watkinson alleged, That she was induced to marry her Daughter by reason of the Jealousies she had, that her late Husband's Relations, who had used her very hard and unkindly, would make use of their Endeavours to take the said Infant away from her; they, vis.Mrs. Ann Knight, her said Husband's Sister, and Mrs. Bridget Taylor, One of the Trustees Daughters, having attempted so to do, by endeavouring to take her away from Mrs. P/vist' School in Chelsea, where she had

put her for her Security; to whom she gave 35/. per Annum for her said Daughter and Maid's Diet, and 5 /. to the Maid for Wages; besides the Charge of her Daughter's Cloaths, and other incident Expences of the School, which amounted to a very considerable Sum; and therefore she expected an Allowance, in some Proportion, answerable thereto, from the said Trustees; but could prevail with them but for 40/. a Year; and of that never had but Two Year's Payments, though the Infant's Father has been dead almost Four Years.

Mrs. Preist said, That, about last, there were Two

Ladies, Mrs. Knight and Mrs. Taylor, who came to see the said Infant, at her House; and told her, That they must take her said Scholar with them to London: To which, she being fearful that she should not have her ain, because she heard One of them ask the Child, hether she was willing to go to her Aunt s in the

Country ? she, the said Mrs. Preist, told them, She could not part with the Child without her Mother's Leave; who then living at Little Chelsea, Mrs. Preist sent her Servant for such Liberty to Mrs. Watkinson', but she, by Answer, refusing it, the Ladies took their Leave of the Infant, and went away; and she never saw them afterwards.

To which,.Madam Taylor and Madam Knight, being present, said, That they never knew of any ill, or severe, Usage that was put upon the said Mrs. Watkinson, after their Brother's Death; but, on the contrary, that all possible Marks of Civility and Respect were shewn to her, though she was not pleased to accept the same.

Mra. Founds, a Gentlewoman who was present at Mrs. Preist's when Madam Tay/er and Mrs. Knight went to see the said Infant, said, That such their Visit was to see the Child, and to know what Usage she had from her Mother after her said Second Marriage:

That, upon Mention of the said Marriage, the Child cried; and said. That she never would live with the Man her Mother had married; but that, if her Aunt Taylor would be troubled with her, she would go home along with her: Upon which, she, the said Mrs. Founds, went along with the Servant to ask Mrs. Watkinson Leave, that her Daughter might go along with her Aunt Taylor to London-, but, her Mother refusing, they all took their Leaves of the Child, and left her; having no other Design but the Safety and Well-doing of the Child, in what they intended.

Mrs. Watkinson further alleged, That, under the said Difficulties that attended her, she did resolve upon marrying her Child; and, making her Complaints to one Mr. Spalton, Brother-in-Larw to Serjeant Gooding's Coachman,

he told her, That he knew the Serjeant's Family full well;

Yol. XL

and that, in his Thoughts, One of the Serjeant's Sons risarmulling would make a very good Husband for the young Lady; Knights' not doubting but that lie would stay for loser till she was fit Marria°f' to be made a Wife: Upon which, she, being desirous to see him, did give him several Opportunities of her Daughter's Conversation, and was well liking to him for her Child; and thereupon desired Mr. Spalton, that he wotild acquaint the Serjeant therewith, and that she was desirous of treating with him about the same; who, coming to her, declared his Unwillingness to treat with her singly, being a Woman, more than to acquaint her what he intended to settle upon his said Son; but rather with her Friends: Whereupon, she appointed one Mr. Whitehead and Mr. Mountney to treat with the Serjeant in respect to the said Marriage:

Who, being present, acquainted the Committee, That the said Serjeant did propose, to lay out the Child's Fortune, when paid, in Purchase of Lands of Inheritance, to be settled as a Jointure; and, in case she survived his

Son, that the Estate, so purchased, should come to her the Infant, and her Heirs; also, the Serjeant offered to settle his Interest in the Office of Custos Breoium of the King's-Bench (which was One Moiety in the said Office) wherein he has a Term for Two Lives, upon his said Son, immediately upon Payment of the said Portion; and that, if the said Infant should survive his Son, the said Office should remain charged with 50/. per Ann. as a further Provision for her: With which Proposals they acquainted Mrs. Watkinson', and, she approving of the same, they were reduced into Writing; and, by the Advice of her Counsel, settled and executed by the said Serjeant Gooding:

And the same were produced, and read, at the Committee; which appeared to be in such manner, as that Mr. Gooding would have beenTenaht in Tail; and, by a Fine, might have barred the Issue, and, by a common Recovery, might have barred the Remainder to the right Heirs of the said Infant; and, the same being so observed to be, the Serjeant declared himself willing, that the same should be amended.

Mrs. Watkinson further alleged, That, upon the executing such Articles, she, in Company with the Serjeant and his Son, did go to Doctors-Commons, and there procured a Licence for the Marriage; at which time she did apprehend, and so declared, her Daughter to be about Twelve Years of Age (not remembering what Age she had sworn to, in her Answer, some time before); and that, soon after such Licence, that is, about the Beginning of October last, Mr. Gooding junior, and her Daughter, were, with her Consent and Approbation, publickfy married; and hopes and desires the same may not be avoided.

Mr. Mountney said, That he had his Instructions for drawing Mrs. Watkinson 9 Answer to the Trustees Bill from herself; and that, when he had drawn the same, he read it over to her several times, and left it with her, with a Blank, to fill up her Daughter's Age; which she ordered to be filled up accordingly:

That she has, several times, complained ofher late Husband's Relations ill Usage to her; and the Fear she had of her Child's being taken away, as well by them as others; a Linen-draper, in the Neighbourhood (a) [at that time,] attempting to do the same; and that she was resolved to marry her, to preserve her: And that he saw the said Infant at Night, upon her Bedding, after the Marriage, and she appeared as chearful a Bride as he had ever seen; and that, as near as he can judge the time, after the young Couple were in Bed, the whole Company retired out of the Chamber, and left them aforte for about Two Hours.

Mr. How said, That he, with divers others of the Serjeant's Family, besides many Strangers who came into the Church, were present at the Marriage of Mr. Gooding junior, and the said Infant; the same being solemnized in a publick Manner, about Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, the Doors of the Church standing open:

That, upon the Bedding them, he, being present, observed the Bride to go very chearful to Bed, attended with

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

the

77 2 7# April . 1697.

Disannulling the usual Solemnities upon such an Occasion; and that* Knights' after her Husband went into the Bed to her, she seemed an >age. very wep pleased; upon which, he bearing a particular Esteem for Mr. Goodings and being One of his Father's Family, he prevailed upon all the Company, the Infant's Mother and Serjeant being then present,

to go out of the Chamber, in order that the Bride and her Husband might be left alone; and, the Company going out of the Room, he pulled-to the Chamber-door, and locked it after him; leaving them together in Bed, as aforesaid, for about Two Hours, before any body went in to disturb them.

Mr. Gooding, another Son of the Serjeant's, said, That he was present at the Marriage and Bedding of the said Infant with his Brother; and that the Child's Mother, Mrs. Walk'bison, pressed the putting them to Bed, and was as forward as any body in the whole Matter; and that, alter they had been in Bed together about Two Hours, the Company taking Notice that it might be proper to go into the Room to them, in order to advise his said Brother to rise, she said, It was a Pity to disturb them, and that they might as well lie together ail Night; but the Company, going in to them, did prevail with Mr. Gooding to lise; who, after having dressed himself, and taken his Leave of his Lady, he went Home to his Father's House, to Bed; and, as he was informed, Mrs. took

his Place, and went into Bed with her Daughter, and lay with her the remaining Part of the Night.

The said Hannah the Infant, being present, said, That she was induced to think of Marriage from the Fear she had of her Father's Relations taking her away; who she took to be her Enemies, because they used to speak ill of her Mother: And that the Choice of her Husband was from her own Inclinations; he not being imposed upon her by her Mother, more than as he was brought by her into her Company; and that she loved him the First time she saw him, as believing him very pretty; and that she married and bedded him with a free Consent and Desire, and was sorry he was taken away from her, w hen the Company came into the Room to advise him to rise; the which, when he had done, and left her, her Mother came to Bed to her, to comfort her:

That on the Day she was carried away from the Lord Keeper's House, she was going, of her own Accord, fearing she should be put into those Hands she did not like; and meeting a Gentlewoman upon the Stairs, whose Name she would not tell, she desired her to carry her away; the which she did: And that, if she had not met with her, nor any body else she knew, she would have run away by herself, rather than, by staying, to have been parted from her Husband.

Mr. Serjeant Gooding said, That his Son, having Encouragement from the said Infant's Mother to marry her said Daughter, had several Meetings with the Mother, concerninghis Marriage, without his Privity or Knowledge; in which, he hoped, he had done nothing unjustifiable for his Son; he having the Mother's Consent and Approbation therein; w ho was her Child's proper Guardian, and had the sole disposing of her:

That he did peruse Mrs. Answer to the said Trustees Bill, though then a Stranger to all Parties; and looked upon the Bill to have no Equity therein, whereupon to ground a Decree for to take away the Child from the Mother; to whom the Laws and Customs of this Realm have intrusted her Care, Education, and Disposal:

That he admitted the Proceedings before the Lord Keeper, in relation to the Infant, to be as before suggested, excepting as to that Part which surmises, That either himself, or any of his Family, were privy to the Child's being taken away; they having all, except himself, and he gave his Affirmation therein, purged themselves, by their Oaths, That they neither did or do know any thing thereof: That the Child was again brought to his House, upon Sunday was Sevennight in the Evening; but how, or by whom, knows not; he not thinking it proper to interrogate the Child in that Matter:

That as to his Son's swearing, upon the taking out the Licence, That the Infant was about Twelve Years of Age, he was induced thereto from what the Mother then, and often before had, declared to him the Serjeant, and his Wife; viz. That she really believed the Infant to be about Twelve Years of Age: And therefore hopes no Fault will be imputed either to himself, or Son; such Treaty of Marriage having been all along carried on with Fairness, and mature Consideration, by the Mother of the Infant, and those she thought fit to intrust therein; who gave his Son those frequent Encouragements before he was made any way privy thereto; he knowing nothing thereof till he was sent for by the Mother to treat about the same.

Mrs. Pasmore said, That, upon the Day when the Infant was carried to the Lord Keeper's, she was designing to go to Greenwich, upon some Business she had there;

but the Snow and Rain falling prevented her going thither; and, she remembering that the Matter relating to the said Infant was that Morning to be heard before the Lord Keeper, she, in Respect to Serjeant Gooding, who had been her Master, went thither, to hear how the same would be determined: And that, when she came to the Lord Keeper's, she saw the said Serjeant Gooding; but, not seeing the young Ladies; siie went down Stairs; and, waiting in the Piazza of the Lord Keeper's House some time after, going up the Stairs again, she met the said Infant upon the Stairs; who spoke to her to the Effect following; viz. " Mrs. Pasmore, I am glad to see you, because " you must go along with me; for I am resolved to run " away from my Lord Keeper:" Upon which she was surprised, and told her, That she could not tell what to do in such a Case; but, the said Infant pressing her hasting away with her, they did walk together to the upper End of Queen-street-, and there finding a Coach, they took the same; and she ordered the Man to drive to the Blue Boars Head in Cannon-street; and, w hen they were in the Coach, the said Infant told her, That she would never see the Lord Keeper's Face until she became Mistress of her Reason, because he intended to put her into her Uncle Taylor's Hands; who had made Poison for her Mother, and would poison her before she should ever come to be 21 Years of Age; and that she would take off all the Faults that should be laid upon her for going away with her: That they staid together about an Hour at the Blue Boar's Head, and then were carried into

But being asked, What House, and where they lay that Night? she said, She would not tell that: But afterwards said, That they lay in a Street that turned dow n by the Haunch oj V enisvn, at a Packer's House; but had forgotten

the Name of the Street, as also the Name of the People of the House where they so lay:

That there was a Bill upon the Door of the said House, which induced her to go thither to inquire for a Lodging: And that though she had seen the said Infant several times before, at the Serjeant's House, yet she had never spoke Twelve Words to her before she met her upon the Stairs at the Lord Keeper's House, as aforesaid.

The Trustees alleged, That the said Serjeant Gooding was privy to the Match that Spalton had so proposed to Mrs. JVatkinsonfor his Son; and that he had an early

Knowlege therein:

To prove which, they produced a Letter, proved to be his Son's Hand-writing; which was written by him to a Brother of a young Gentlewoman, who the said Mr. Thomas Gooding junior was then making his Amours to; wherein he acquaints him of his Concern he was under, from his Father's Commands, to leave the Conversation of a Lady he so much admired, by reason of the Nearness of the Relation between them; and because his Father had found out a pretty young Creature for him, who had 8,000l. to her Portion; as by the Letter will more fully appear.

Mrs. Bridget Cooper, Servant to one Mrs. another Gentlewoman to whom Mr. Gooding made his Addresses, said, That she very well knew his Hand-writing, having often seen him write, and seen several of his

Letters

er

ft

on,

the

m

i*e-

be

Mo-

eh.

sing

nere;

jti

hijlo

>'uat to U wtsa War.

«e tKK

1 Ink

iota-

toss

iltoa i^S I w:afu :Ifcc!Hj

ppati

ttkiin trebu never a ViiA iierVni rfe. uaietst

iili

array ?t jar at 2 [hid-eviivtit ‘IttT'iTi v, a tile

to*

jePa(»

iii lisa L.«i3£

(fslVl®

vafi

*. frrf

If.vfj to

r-sntt id Mi us to.

unite

itsaS*

Krt0

fjte

niflS 1 oi'i

9 W. III. 7*

Letters to her Mistress: And that (he has heard her Lady's Father lay, before he died. That a Match was proposed for his Daughter by Mr. Goodand that, after his Death, the Serjeant's Lady brought down her Son to her young Mistress, and seconded that Matter: That Ihe was privy to several verbal Contracts he made to her; as also to One of his own Writing, purporting. That, as he was then in the Presence of God, he would marry Mrs. Gibbs, and nobody else (but no such Contract was produced); to which he let his Hand:

That the Serjeant was a Trustee for her Mistrefi, for l,oooo/.; and was of Counsel for her Mother.

In answer to which Matter, the Serjeant said, That he always was against his Son's courting Mrs.: And, to shew his Resentment thereof, he called one

Mr. Harrison: Who said, That, before Mr. Gooding's Marriage with the Infant, he had heard Mrs. Gibbs, the Mother, complain to Mrs. Goodin, the Mother, of her Son's ill Usage to her Daughter, in carrying on an Amour lb far with her, and then to marry another: To which Madam Gooding told her, That Ihe might blame herself, for admitting it to be so carried on in private; and that, should the same go on, it would be to the utter Ruin of them both; for that the Serjeant was resolved never to give him a Groat.

Josias Pasmore said, That he was no-ways privy to his Wife's carrying away the said Infant; and that he has never seen her but once since that Day the Child was carried from the Lord Keeper's, which was on Thursday last, when he met her at the Tower-gate; where, he taxing her with conveying away the Infant, Ihe did acknowlege the fame; but would not give him any Satisfaction by whom Ihe was employed, or upon what Account Ihe did so do: But said, That, If (he might be pardoned for what Ihe had done, ihe would come in and discover the whole Matter; and left him Directions where he should leave a Letter for her, if he could obtain a Pardon for her; with which he acquainted Serjeant Gooding -, who had often pressed him to make all possible Inquiry after his said Wife; and that he has, since his Wife has been gone from him, lain several times at the Serjeant's House.

That Serjeant Goodin alleged, That Bridget Cooper, who was examined to prove his Son's Hand to the Letter above-mentioned, was a Woman of a very {lender Reputation: To prove which, he called

Mrs. Katherine Baker; Who said, That Ihe had known the said Cooper for about Four Years; and has heard Mrs. Gibbs, her Mistress, often lay. That Ihe was the greatest Lyar in England, and would swear any body out of their Lives: But that she (till continues in her said Mistress's Service:

And being asked the Reason, Why her Mistress continued her in such Service ? said, That Ihe believed it was to swear upon this Occaftoo; and because her Mother was a Witness in another great Cause now depending.

Mr. Pasmore laid, That he knew the said , and Mrs. Gibbs her Mistress, who was his Customer when he kept a Cook's Shop; and that he has several times heard Mrs. Gibbs complain of her said Servant, for being so great a Lyar: And that she had often sent Money by her to pay him for what things (he had; which she secreted from him, and did not pay him accordingly.

And also reported, That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout-, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with some Amendments to some of them.

And the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tdl"» fOT Mi ml fAr: } 1

TeU^for he } 70.

Vol. XI.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of \y«y* aul the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur- M«uu. ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against I ranee, for the Service of the Year 1697, instead of the Duty upon Wines; and who were impowered to consider of an Equivalent for the Duty laid upon the Manufactures made of, or mixed with, Wool, Silk, or Hair, if they should think fit; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for raising the Sum of Six hundred thousand Pounds, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for carrying on the War against France, for the Service of the Year 1697, instead of the Duty upon Wines, the Duties of the old Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage upon Goods imported, dyeing Wares excepted, according to the Book of Rates, settled in the Year 1660, be doubled, for the Term of Two Years and Three Quarters.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the said Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Aid of One Shilling per Pound be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for One Year, as an Equivalent for the Duty of Ten Pounds per Cent, laid upon the Manufactures made of, or mixed with Wool, Silk, or Hair.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards raising the said Supply granted to his Majesty, an additional Aid of One Shilling per Pound be laid upon all Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, for One Year, as an Equivalent for the Duty of Ten Pounds per Cent, laid upon the Manufactures made of, or mixed with, Wool,

Silk, or Hair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for ,he

Telle* for he } 39.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Lownds do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pelham, according to Order, presented to the Exchequer House a Bill for the better Observation of the Course anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer: And the some was received.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Abus«< in the pointed to inquire into the Miscarriages of the Officers Mint, of the Mint be made Tomorrow Morning; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Abuseiiath* pointed to inquire into the Abuses of the Officers of the Exchequer. Exchequer, and Receivers of the Taxes and Revenues, be, after the said Report relating to the , taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Blil j solved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to con- M«lt Dutil*. fider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as 1 well towards carrying on the War against Prance, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houftxold, and other Occasions.

9 L Mr.

L*

Woollen Manufactures.

Exchequer

Receipt

A Prosecution ordered,

Abuses in the Mint.

774

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufactures in England; and to prevent the Exportation thereof from Ireland to foreign Parts; be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 8° die Apiilis;

9° Gulielmi Tertii.

A BILL for the better Observation of the Course anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do prosecute John Salusbury, for publishing sali'e News in the Paper by him printed, intituled, " The Plying Post, or Post-Mafrer." Ordered, That the said John in Cul'tody of

the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be brought to the Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to be discharged out of Culiody.

Mr. Arnold reported, from the Committee appointed to inquire into the Miscarriages of the Officers of the Mint, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; ris.

That the Mint, by the Charter thereof, is a Corporation, consisting of the Warden, the Workers, and Moneyers, and other Ministers:

The Warden or Keeper of Exchanges of Bullion, and new-coined Monies, is, by his Office, a Magistrate, set over the Exchanges, or Mints, to do Right and Justice to the Members thereof, in all their Complaints and Differences, except in Causes of Freehold, and Causes relating to the Crown: Standing Orders are made by him, the Master, and Comptroller, or any Tw o of them, w hereof he is One: He takes care of the Buildings, and pays the Charges of Repairs, first allowed by the Master, Comptroller, and Assay-master, or any Tw o of them, whereof the Master to be One: He supervises the whole Process of the Coinage, and pays the Charges thereof, and the Salaries of the Officers; except the Master s Salary and Wages, and Inch Salaries and M ages as are appointed to be paid by the Master: With the Consent of the General of the Mint of Scotland, he makes the Standard Weights

for the Mint of England and Scotland:

That the Workers are, the Master, and his Mel ter, Refiner, and Assay-master; with their Assistants, Clerks, and Under-workmen: The Master, upon any new Occasion of Coinage, contracts with the King, by Indenture; and, according to the Indenture, by the Assistance of his aforesaid Servants, receives, melts, or refines; allays and allays the Gold and Silver to be coined; and runs it into Standard Bars; and delivers those Bars, by Weight, to the Moneyers:

That the Moneyers draw, cut out, size, blanch, edge, and coin, those Bars into Monies, Siflfel and Broakage back to the Masters, by Weight: These live in the Country, attend the Mint whenever called; take Apprentices; and form themselves into a Government, by defiling One of them to be their Provost.

A. 1697.

That the other Ministers are, the Comptroller, Assay-master, Surveyor of the Meltings, Weigher, and Teller, King's Clerk, Clerk of the Irons, $c.: Thele, and the Warden and standing Officers, with set Salaries, to see that the Workers and Moneyers do their Duty, in working and coining the Gold and Silver: The Workers and Moneyers, except the Master, are no standing Officers, nor have Salaries; but, as Workmen, receive Wages, after a certain Rate in the Pound Weight, for ali the Gold and Silver they work and coin:

The Comptroller is, in behalf of the King, a Cheque upon the Master, in his Accounts; and upon the Allay -masters, in their A flays: He makes a Comptrolment-Roll every Year, on Oath, of all the Bullion molten, with its Allay; and of all the Monies coined that Year; and supervises the whole Coinage; and, with the Warden and Mailer, locks up the Gold and Silver, and the Pix, and Coinage-Duty:

That the Assay-master is, in behalf of the King, a Cheque upon the Master, for his Aflays; and keeps Books of all the Gold and Silver, as to the Quantity and Finenels, and of the Pot-aflays: When the Importer and Master disagrees about the Price of Bullion, the Assay-master, in the Presence of the Warden and Comptroller, allays the fame; and the Master then receives it, and Hands charged with it, according to the Afi'ay-master's Report:

That the Surveyor of the Meltings is, in behalf of the King, a Cheque upon the Mclter, to see that the Gold and Silver, and its Allay, set out, and nothing else, be put into the Melting-pot; and that the Pot-aflays be duly taken out, and carried to the Alfay-masters: He keeps a Book of all the Gold and Silver molten, with the Allay put into it:

That the Weigher and Teller weighs all the Gold and Silver brought into the Office of Receipt, either before or after Coinage; and, when it is requisite, he tells it there:

That the King's Clerk registers the Papers which pass between the Treasury and the: All'o he, and the Warden, and Comptroller, by their Clerks, or, at least, Two of the Three, in behalf of the King, rate and standard all the Gold and Silver brought into the Mint, and examine the Pots set out by the Master; and enter these Accounts in Day Books, Leidger-Books, and Books of D" and Cred1*:

That the Clerk of the Irons Business is, to keep an Account of all the Dyes made and hardened by the Smith; and, when they are worn out, he fees them defaced, in the Presence of the Warden, Matter, and Comptroller: lie now' keeps an Account of all the Dyes that are funk; and, for that End, has One of the Keys to the great Prel's, and to the Box of the Puncheons:

That there are also Two Auditors; who yearly examine and allow the Accounts of the Warden, and Master, and the Comptrolment-Roll: Also an Engraver, Two Engineers, and Smith; and above 200 Labourers, and ordinary Workmen, not neediary to give a particular Account of; nor of the extraordinary Clerks and Ministers employed by the Master upon this present Occasion, for re-coining the clipped hammered Money, and the Plate.

That it hath appeared to this Committee, That, in the Mints at York and Norwich, there lieth dead very great Sums of hammered Money uncoined, by the Negligence of the Officers in those Mints; whereas, at the Mint at

Bristol/,there is now weekly coined 15,000l. per M eek: That there hath appeared a very great Neglefit both in the Moneyers and Officers of the said Mints; and that Ipcedy Care ought to be taken therein.

That the Committee finding, by the Examinations of the Officers of the Mint, that almost the foie Government of the Making of the Money, not only in the Tmer, but in all the Mints at Bristol, Chester, York, Exeter, and Norwich, depended on the Moneyers, who pretended to be a Corporation; the Committee sent for the Provolts, and others of the Moneyers, and required them tn pro-dupe their Charter; which, after many trifling Delays and 23 Excules,

7° — 8° Aprilis.

9 W. III. 8* Jprilis.

775

Excuses, they pretended was left by them in the Hands of the late Comptroller of the Mint, Mr. Hoar, deceased:

The Committee sent for Mr. Hoars Executrix; who delivered in to the Committee several Grants, Charters, and Impeximuss, with other Papers relating to the Mint; but no Grant to the Corporation of Moneyers:

The ikid Provost and Moneyers being again required to produce their Grant, or Patent, they then pretended,

That their Grant, or Charter, was, by them, left with the Lord Chief Baron: But, when that was brought, it proved only a Decree of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to exempt feme of the Moneyers from bearing Parish-Offices, and paying of ibine Duties, particularly therein mentioned:

That Mr. Braint, the Provost of the Moneyers, declared, He never had any Grant, or Charter, in his Hands:

And believeth, what Charter there is, to be in Dr. Ncu'lonthe present Warden's Hands:

Mr. Neale, a worthy Member of this House, and Master-worker of the Mint, declared, at the Committee, That he always looked on the Moneyers as a Corporation:

/ Dr. Nezcton, present Warden of the declared,

That he had never l'een any such Grant, or Patent, to the Moneyers; and believed, They had no other Charter but the general Charter of the Mint; which he had in his Possession; and w as read over by the Committee, and contained no such Privilege and Powers as are now claimed by the Moneyers.

That one Hunter, who was a Servant to the Moneyers, conveyed away several of the Dyes: That it appeared either a Connivance, or a great Neglect, in the Person intruded with the Dyes: And that both the said Hunter, and one Scotch Robin, who was also concerned in the same Fast, have lheltcred themselves in the Mint in Scotland.

That it appeared to the Committee, That, if the Meltcr and Assay-malter of the Mint at the or at any other Mint, shall agree, and have a right Undei Handing, in the worst Sense, between them, that they may cheat the King, and the Publick, of vait Sums; and yet the Confutation of the Mint cannot prevent them.

The Committee doth observe, That the present Assay-master, and the present Melter, of the have married

Two Sifters: And that, notwithstanding the last Melter, Mr. Sheldon, gave up his Place of Melter, as not able to melt the Silver at 4 d.per Pound Weight, and bear all the Hurt and Loss; yet Mr. Ambrose, the present Melter, hath got a great Estate by this Place, and keeps his Coach: The like is between the Malter and Wardens of Gold-liniths Company and the Assay-master of the Mint, as to their being a Cheque upon the Standard, and the Afl'aying of Silver and Gold; and, if there shall be a Conspiracy either betw een the Melter and AH'ay-master of the 'Tower, or between the Malter of and the Assay-master of the Tonthe King and Nation may be defrauded of vast Sums, if not prevented by some Comptrol over each of them; nor will the Pix-Box, or the Jury that serves or fits on that Allay, prevent it as the Law now {lands; therefore to be prevented by a new Law.

Tiie Committee does observe. That, notwithstanding the very great Trust, the Melter, the Assay-master, and the Moneyers, who have commonly 100,000l. of the King's and of the Nation's Money in their Hands; and, when the Plate comes in, will have greater Sums; having given no Security to the King, nor to the Mint, to anftver the fame;

Tiie Committee does observe, That a Scire facias was brought by King James against Henry Esquire,

for not doing his Duty, as Comptroller of the Mint, in the Tower: And lie was turned out; but, on Application of his good Friends, he had 500 /. per Ann. for his Life.

That the Committee do find, by the ancient Establishment of the Mint, That Seven Shillings was allowed for the Coinage of a Pound of Gold, and One Shilling and Six-pence for One Pound Weight of Silver; and One Vol. XI.

Shilling for One Pound Weight of Gold, and One Peny- Abuses iu weight of Silver, to the King: the W*nt-

That the Scavanage, which is a Duty formerly paid towards the Coinage; but is taken away by Act of Parliament, and 50 ol. per Ann. settled in lieu thereof.

By a Patent, produced to the Committee, granted by the late King James to Thomas Neale, Hoare, and Charles Duncomb, Esquires, it appears, That for the

Coinage of the Copper Halfpence and Farthings, that 20 d.per Pound was allowed for coining and milling the same in the Tower: And that 401, per Cent. should be paid to the King out of the Profits of the same:

That the Committee do observe, That a new Patent is granted to several Commissioners for Term of Years; and they to change all the Tin Halfpence and Farthings:

That the Committee hath had several Complaints, That the said Tin Farthings and Halfpence are not yet changed; but that several Thousand Pounds lie yet unchanged;

That Mr. Lawrence, of St. Peter's the Poor, London, Haberdasher, informed the Committee, That he hath very often pr< fled the present Commissioners for the making Copper Halfpence and Farthings, and their Officers, at their Office, to change him some Part of the Worth of 200 /. he had by him, of good Tin Halfpence and Farthings; which they refuied to do, and have refused above Two Years last pad; but did proffer him, for 50/. in new milled Money or Guineas, they would change him to/, worth of his Tin Halfpence and Farthings, and fell him 50 I.worth of new Copper Farthings; and so proportionably for all his 200l.:

And that lie knows of several 1,000l. worth of Tin Halfpence and Farthings that are left in several Ware-Houses in London and Southwark, of poor Country Tradesmen, and of Tradesmen of the poorer Sort of the Suburbs of London, to their very great Loss; and the said Office do refuse to change the fame, contrary to the express Words of their Patent, or Grant, from his Majesty; it being the only Acknow legment, or Rent, that they pay to the Crown, was the Changing and Taking in of Tin Halfpence and Farthings; which hath been a Cheat to the poorest trading People of England above 100,000l.:

That Mr. John Shorcy,6f Si. M(a) [ .]

Pewterer, faith, That because he could not (though he very carnefllv endeavoured, for above Two Years, with the Commissioners and Officers of the Copper Farthings) change his Tin Halfpence and Farthings, he has been forced to melt down above 400l. Sterling worth; to his very great Lol's and Damage: And that he bought some of them of the Officers of the Copper-Office:

That Mr. John Dyer, his Neighbour, hath melted down

above 200 /. Sterling worth; to his great Loss:

That he know eth. That what Mr. IVm. Lawrence hath before informed, to be true, to his Know lege:

That he was at a Committee of the Commissioners of Copper Farthings, about a Fortnight since; and they told him, they did not care to change any more Tin Farthings, but that they would pay him 10.?. a Month for every 100 /. worth; which is but the Interest of his said 100l.: And they did proffer him, if he would pay them 100 /. in new milled Money or Guineas, and 5 /. in Tin Halfpence and Farthings, they would pay him 105/. in Copper Halfpence and Farthings: That he sent their own Bills to them, for above 75 /. and they did, nor would, pay him but 1 /. 15 s.in a whole Year's time.

And further faith, That, when the King is beyond Sea, and the Parliament up, the Commissioners would change no Tin Farthings; but fold several 1,000l. worth to the Country Shopkeepers: And the City cry out of this Oppression, as a very great Scandal and Abuse to the King, Parliament, and whole Government:

That, by the late Act of Parliament, One Shilling and Two-pence was allowed for the Melting, Milling, and Edging, of the Silver Money, to be coined; which One Shilling and Two-pence the great Officers have thus dif-

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

To

Abuse* in the Mint.

776 8° Apr . 1697.

To the Moneyers, for every Pound Weight s. of melted Silver - - - — 9

To the Master-worker - 3$

To the Smith that does all the Work - \

For rounding, blanching, and edging - - — 1

Mr. Ambrose agreed with the Lords of the Treasury for Four-pence a Pound for melting all the clipped and hammered Money, to be melted at the Exchequer.

That the Committee observes, The King still pays One Shilling and Sixpence a Pound for the Coinage, besides *he Charge of the Carriage to the; not-

withstanding the late A fit ordained, That he should pay but One Shilling and Two-pence.

That the Committee do observe, That this Distribution is very unequal; some of the Workers having too little, and others too much: And the Committee is of Opinion, That it would be cheaper for the King, and better for the Mint and Coinage, if all the Moneyers and Officers

had Salaries paid them by the King; and that no Fee should be taken of the Mint, but of the King.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Confession of Mr. Samuel Sheppard, and also by an Account, under his

own Hand, delivered, That he had received out of the Profits of the Master-worker's Place, from the 12th of June 1(196, to the 19th of January of the fame, the Sum of 5,9961. \ \s. 1 d.which he took and received to his own Ule, by virtue of a Mortgage and an Assignment of 10,500l. made to him, by the Master-worker, Man, in the Mint in May last.

That the Committee doth further observe, That Mr. Hall, a very careful diligent Officer, and is the Master-worker's Deputy, and doth almost the whole Business of the Mint in Mr. Neale's Absence, hath but 400l. Salary, and that not paid by the Master-worker; though, upon the modesteft Computation, his Profits will come to above 14,000l. this Year, yet the King pays him this 400l. per Ann. on a New EstablHhment; which Charge the Committee think very reasonable; and that Mr. Sheppard, or the Master-worker should ease the King of paying the fame.

It also appeared to the Committee, by the Accounts sent from the several Mints in the Country, That there is no Afiay-master in some of the Country Mints:

And that, in the Mints at York and Norwich, there are far greater Deficiencies than in any of the other Mints; viz. in that at York, by above 2,800l. and that of -wich, by above 500 /.: The several Accounts of the several Mints, which the Committee cannot make up and balance exactly, the Officers of the said Mints pretending, That they have nor cannot yet make up the same until they have melted down their several Sweeps.

And the Committee do observe. That the same Men have two Offices in the said Mint; and some of the said Offices are or should be Cheques or Comptrols on the other; as Melter and Comptroller, as in York Mint; by which, the Committee is informed, That the King loft, in the Melting down of the clipped and hammered Money, 2,040/. in Weight in the standardizing the said Money: For, at the first Melting, the Loss is not borne by the Melter, but by the King; the Melter being charged only with the Loss after the Silver is melted and standardized, and the King bears the Loss both in the Melting and Refining as Dr. Newton, the Warden of the Mint, informed this Committee.

That the Committee do find, by several Informations, and particularly by the Information of Colonel Colt, a Member of this House, That the Plate marked both with the Toicer and Goldsmiths-hall Mark, though it have no

Sodder in it, doth not, when it is melted, hold to be Standard, by 6d. or Sd. or 12 in the Pound, Troy

Weight; which is a very great Fraud and Abuse to the People that pay for Standard Plate; and ought to be remedied, especially at this time.

That it appeared to the Committee, That 325 /. pet' Am. Salary was allowed for the Master-graver, his Assistant, Clerk, Servants, and Workmen: That old teer, and his Three Sons, were brought over by King

Charles the Second, and the said 325 /. allowed to the Father, with the Addition of 450/. per Ann. by Patent under die Great Seal to the Three Sons; viz. 150/. apiece for their several Lives; which hath been constantly paid him that remained here, notwithstanding one of them went several Years since into , and the other fled

to France, where he is now in the French King's Service: And,

Thomas Neale Esquire, a Member of this Honourable House, and Master-worker of his Majesty's Mint, produced Articles of Agreement made betwixt him and the younger of the Rotteer's, to pay him, the said Rotteer, over and above the said 325 /. per Ann. and 4501. Annuity, the further Sum of 800 /. yearly: Though it appeared to the Committee at the same time, That Henry Harris Esquire was fworninto the Office of Graver of his Majesty's Mints, and hath a Patent for the fame; and that the said Rotteers are not only violent Papists, and refuse to take the Oaths, or to subscribe die Association, as by Law they ought to do; yet they still continue in the House belonging to his Majesty's Chief-Graver; and have received the said Three Salaries, over and above what they have received from France; for it appeared to the Committee by Two Letters out of France, written by Daniel Arthur, who is outlawed for High Treason, and directed to the said Rotteer, with Two several Bills of Exchange from France, even since the Act of Parliament that makes it Capital to hold Correspondence with; which Letters were taken in the House of one Connigs, a Merchan ;, amongst several other very trealbuable Papers and Correspondencies:

And it further appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of Mr. Aaron Smith, that he hath seen another Letter from the said Daniel Arthur to the said John Rotteer, wherein he mentioned the Stipend, or Salary, from the French King to the said Rotteer

And it appeared to the Committee, by the Information of several Witnesses, as Mr. Brown, Mr. Fox, Mrs. Pigeon, and others, That John Rotteer the younger was in the Company of Rookwood and Bernardo, the Assassinators, when they were apprehended; and was suspected to be in that Conspiracy himself; having at that time provided himself of Horses and Arms, at his own House in Essex; wherq he entertained very ill Company, to the great Terror of the Neighbourhood: That there hath been Messengers sent out, and a Warrant of High Trea-lon, againfc him, by the Honourable the Lord Lucas; but he is fled from Justice:

The Committee do observe, that old Rotteer is still continued in the Graver's House, in the; though will not, nor did ever, own the King, or do any One thing as a Graver since the Resolution: And that the Governor of the Tower hath declared to some Members of this Committee, That he is a dangerous Person to be in the Tower; and that he would remove him, if he could.

That the Committee being informed by one Edward Wintour, That whereas Geo. Smith, of Nibley, a Justice of Peace for the County of Gloucester, had granted a Warrant to apprehend Captain IVm. Win tour, oiDimock, in the said County, for HighTrealbn, for having clipped and counterfeited the current Coin of the Realm; the said George Stnith had, notwithstanding, given a Meeting privately to the said Captain Wintour in London; ana offered him, for a Sum of Money, to have dropped the Prosecution: Because the said Captain Wintour would not give a Price high enough, the said Smith had complained to the Lords Justices of England, and procured a Proclamation to be issued forth, for apprehending the said Captain Wintour; and that the said George Smith had also, since the said Captain Wintour was apprehended, endeavoured to fubom him, the said Captain , to

accuse Mr. Smith, a Member of this House, as an Accomplice with him in the said Treason:

And the said Edward Winter did also inform the said Committee, That Gabriel Smith, Druggist, at the Sign of the Three Crowns, in Lumbard-street, Uncle to the said Geo. Smith; and Wm. Humphreys, an Oilman, at the

Sign

9w. III. 8° — 9 0 Ap777

Sign of the Woolpack, in the Poultry, London, could testify the same.

That it did appear to the Committee, upon Hearing of all the Parties, That the said Gabriel Smith and JVm. Humphreys were the Persons who did earnestly solicit the said George Smith to meet the said JVm. Vvintour \ and that the said George Smith, in order to serve the Government by such Meeting with Captain Wintour, did attend Judge Rokcsby, and desired his Opinion, and Permission, to meet the said Captain Wintour; which the said Judge granted, upon Condition, That the said George Smith should immediately discover, to One of his Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, what Conversation he had with Captain IVintour:

That it did also appear to the Committee, That the said Gabriel Smith and JVm. Humphreys were present at the said Meetings; though they had no Permission from any lawful Authority so to do:

That it did also appear to the Committee, That, the very next Morning; viz. on Tuesday August the 25th last past, the said George Smith did attend his Grace the Duke of Shrewsbury, with a Letter from the said Captain Wintour, and an Account of the Conversation he had with him the Day before; and delivered the said Letter to the Duke, in the Presence of the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, Lord Privy-Seal, and Lord Godolphin, as Lords Justices, in the Secretary's Office: Of all which the said George Smith produced Certificates under the Hands of the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, Lord Privy-Seal, Lord Godolphin, and Judge Rokcsby:

That it did also appear to the Committee, That the Imputations objected against the said George Smith, as though he would have made a Bargain with the said Captain H intour to have dropped the Prosecution against him, for a Sum of Money; and that the said George Smith would have suborned the said Captain Wintour to falsly accuse the said Mr. Swift; are false and groundless:

That it did also appear to the Committee, That the said George Smith has received the Thanks of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, and of the Lords Justices, for his good Service, in the discovering the said Captain Wintour, and divers others, notorious Clippers, and Coiners: And that the said George Smith had also been reimbursed the Money he had expended in the said Discoveries, by Order from the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, for his said Service:

And it also appeared to the Committee, That the seemingScandal and Accusation against a worthy Member of this 1 louse, Samuel Swift Esquire, is altogether ground* less and frivolous; and appeareth to be only an Hearsay at the First; and that no Evidence was given, so much as endeavoured to be given, against the worthy Member.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that the present milled Money, as it is now milled, is subject to be diminished, and to be counterfeited, if not effectually prevented by a Law.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That undeniable Demonstrations have been given, and shewn unto this Committee, by Mr. JVm. Chaloner, That there is a better, securer, and more effectual, Way, and with very little Charge to his Majesty, to prevent either Casting or Counterfeiting of the milled Money, both Gold and Silver, than is now used in the present Coinage.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ..... no Officer of the Mint ought to have or enjoy any Place in the same for Life.

Resolved, That the House be moved, That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, That no Grant, or Patent, do pass for Life; but quam din se bene gesserit.

Resolved, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill, or Bills, to prevent the Abuses of the Officers of the Mints; and for a better Regulation of the Vol. XL

Coinage, both of the Mints in the Toner, and of the several Mints in the Country.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Corporation regulating the Corporation of Moneyers: And that Sir Moneyer*. Hen. Hobbart, Mr. Lmrnds, and Mr. Arnold, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Abuses

pointed to inquire into the Abuses of the Officers of the Exchequer.

Exchequer, and Receivers of the Taxes and Revenues,

be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Dill for disannulling the Disannulling Marriage of Hannah Knight, an Infant; and for punishing Knight's the Persons concerned in conveying her away; be-read Mariuge. the Third time Tomorrow' Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Rill; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Duty on Tin consider of the Bill for lessening the Duty upon Tin and and Pewter. Pewter exported; and granting an Equivalent for the same, by laying a further Duty upon Drugs imported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Hen. Hobbart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Hen. Hobbart reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir 77/0. Littleton reported from the said Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Mali Dutiw. Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Iloushold, and other Occasions, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read the Eirst time throughout.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report he adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause to prohibit the Importation of Malt

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 9* die Aprilis;

9® Gulielmi Tertii.

JOHN Salusbiirywas, according to Order, brought Privilege —

to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a A person Reprimand from Mr. Speaker. reprimanded

Ordered, That the said John Salusbury be discharged ^rdT'esj out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Lord Ashly and Mr. Aislaby be Regulating added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Regulating Printing and of Printing, and Printing-Presses, is committed. Pnnung-

& ° Piesses.

An ingrossd Bill to disannul the Marriage of Hamah Disannulling Knight, an Infant; and punish the Persons concerned in Knight's conveying her away; was, according to Order, read the Marriage. Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That the said Infant shall be entitled to the Interest of her said Portion, settled on her by the said Deed of Settlement, as if this Act had never been made:

And the same was read the First time.

9 M And

9° April.

A, 1697.

And the Question being put, That the same be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for annulling the Marriage of Hannah an Infant; and directing the Guardianship of the said Infant.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Preventing The Lord Spencer reported from the Committee ap-siSTof* aUd P°*n^ to draw up Reasons to be offered at a Conference Offices. with the Lords-, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Buying and Selling of Offices and Places of Trust, That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do ... upon the Table.

Exchequer A Bill for the better Observation of the Course anciently

Receipt. used in the Receipt of the Exchequer was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Orders, mentioned in the said Bill to be made by the Earl of Rochester, When Lord Treasurer, be brought to the said Committee.

A Member

waves his Privilege.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax have Leave, at his own Desire, to wave his Privilege, as to any Demand of the Lord Culpepj)er against him.

A Message from the lords, by Sir Robert Regard and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

Lustring The Lords have agreed to the Bill for the further En-Manuiacture. couragement of the Manufacture of Lustrings and Ala-modes within this Realm; and for the better preventing the Importation of prohibited Goods, and Goods without paying the Duties charged on the same; with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

Lords desire The Lords do desire, That Sir Joseph Hern, a Mem-Leave for a ber of this House, may have Leave to attend the Lords atten'dffiem Committees, appointed, amongst other tilings, to make Inquiry concerning Letters of Marque.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That Sir Joseph Hem have Leave to attend, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Supply Bill; Mr. Lozmds, according to Order, presented to the Toiiage t)uiy House a Bill for granting to his Majesty a further Duty and LmidTax. GfXonageand Poundage upon Merchandize imported, for the Term of Two Years and Three-quarters; and an additional Land Tax, for One Year; for carrying on the War against France: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported; and granting an Equivalent for the same; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and theu a Second

Supply Bill; Duty on Tin and Pewter.

time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That, from and after the 10th Day of May 1697, the Subsidy to be received for all Drugs imported directly from the Place of their Growth, in English built Shipping, shall be according to the full Value on the respective Species enumerated in the Book of Rates; and for all Drugs otherwise imported, treble such full Value:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

The House being acquainted, That there is in the Hands of the Chairman of the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine what Dyes have been got out of the Tarver; and by what Means; and to inquire into any Miscarriages of the Officers of the another

Report, besides that made by him Yesterday;

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon this Day Month.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufactures in England; and to prevent the Exportation thereof from Ireland to foreign Parts; be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Trade to Africa.

The House, according to Order, resumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were read a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some other Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That where any Rent is payable in Malt; or if payable in Money, and the Sum or Quantity of such Rent is to be ascertained by the Price of Malt; the Tenant of any Lands subject to such Rent may, during the Continuance of this Act, detain so much of such Rent as will amount to Two Shillings a Quarter for every Quarter of Malt, or the Value of it in Money, that is so reserved:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to lend to his Majesty any Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, at the Rate of 8/. per Cent, per Atm.; which shall not be taxed; and shall be repaid in Course, according to the Dates of the Tallies of Loan for the same; and the Interest thereof shall be paid every Three Months, until Satisfaction of the Principal, out of the Monies to be contributed for the Tickets: And in case that shall not be sufficient to repay the said. Loans, then the same shall be satisfied out of the Monies which shall arise for the said Duties upon Malt:

And the said Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That every round Bushel, with a plain and even Bottom, being made Eighteen Inches and a Half wide throughout,

and

,4 buses ifl the Mint.

Woollen

Mauuiac*

tares.

African

Companj,

Supply Bill; Mait Duties,

ft

9 W. III.

io(

Aprilis.

3

3ft

irt

S

Hi. . out

m

jtLtt

Da

and Eighteen Inche3 deep, shall be esteemed a legal Winchester Bushel, according to the Standard in his Majesty's Exchequer:

And the same was twice read: and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the I louse to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That from and after the Tw entieth Day of April l6y7, during the Continuance of this Act, no Malt shall be imported into this Kingdom from any foreign Parts beyond the Seas, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the Malt so imported, or the full Value thereof:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

779

of the said Amendments be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Sir Joseph Tiley, according to Order, presented to the Brokers and House a Bill to restrain the Number, and ill Practice, of Stockjobber*. Brokers and Stockjobbers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

'Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time this Day, after Twelve a Clock.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Preventing Report from the Committee appointed to draw up Purchase Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, !in Sa e 0 touching the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the buying and selling Offices and Places of Trust:

And the Reasons were twice read; and agreed

Offices*

unto

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow by the House; and are as followed); viz.

Morning, Nine a Clock.

-U:

Moyr*

Estate.

jlbj

t nit 'Lena

itl£v

eeotal

I; tO li

C;x

it

nl:

Etistving

Manufacture.

iii

EJ*

uvifca

itbto'i*

tihsis

\xA

Qurfc

kac

itliel

\W-

\css5

'of

i paid

acifi

iW

ie

Mu®

iif

V*

Sabbati, 10* die Aprilis;

9® Gulielmi Tertii.

OIR John Bolls reported from the Committee, to whom O the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Richard Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same, and made an Amendment; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth: vis.

" That this Act shall not extend to the Lands settled " in Jointure upon Martha Clobery, or any the Limitations in the said. Settlement mentioned; but that the " same Lands shall, to all Intents and Purposes, remain " and be according to the said Deed of Settlement."

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Manufacture of Lustrings and Alamodes within this Realm; and for the better preventing the Importation of prohibited Goods, and Goods without paying the Duties charged on the same:

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

In the Title, L. 4, leave out from " of" to the End, and add " the same

Sk. 1. L. 30, 31, leave out "for any other Goods " or Merchandize whatsoever

a Sk. L. 1, 2, leave out "or other Goods or Merchandize

2 Sk. L. 6, leave out "or shall deliver, or cause to be " delivered

L. 13, after " Persons," add " shall and may be " prosecuted for any the Offences or Matters aforesaid, " in any Action, Suit, or Information; and thereupon " a Capias in the First Process, specifying the Sum of " the Penalties sued for, shall and may issue; and such " Person and Persons

L. 15, after "Security," add "by natural-born " Subjects, Persons naturalized, or Denizens

L. 21, after " Security," add " by such Persons * as aforesaid

L. 24, leave out from " thereof" to " and, " in 26 L. and, instead thereof, hisert "or to yield his, her, " or their Bodies to Prison:

5 Sk. L. 22, after "Company," add "before the First " Day of May 1697:"

And some of the said Amendments, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Residue

Vol. XI.

The Commons disagree to the Lords Clause, marked A: Because they do conceive, That Hereditary Places are an Entail; and not to be forfeited by any body but for himself; and that they ought less to be sold than any other: And if any Person, in such Case, shall forfeit his Place, by Selling of Places which hold under him, and are in his Gift, he justly ought to forfeit his own, for his Life; and the Heir ought to inherit and enjoy it as if the forfeiting Person were actually dead.

The Commons disagree to the Lords Clause, marked B: Because the Commons do think, That the Selling of Places having, in all Times, by the best Governments, been accounted a Corruption, and of dangerous Consequence to the Well-being of a good Constitution; it is most reasonable, That in the Courts where Justice is ta be administered, it should be there most eminently free from this Corruption: Withoutwhieh, also, the exorbitant Fees taken in those Courts can never be abated, nor the Subject eased from the Burden of them; which is so great, that many Estates are swallowed up by it: And they are further of Opinion, That the Statutes made in the 20th Year of the Reign of Edxcard the II Id, and 12th of Richard the I Id, having endeavoured to provide against this Evil; and afterwards, the Statute made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Edxcard the Vlth; the Proviso therein for the Judges did not intend to impower them to sell Places; whatever Pretences might be made by them to continue some Customs, which, since the Statute of Richard I Id, they had crept into: But, the Reason of the Thing, in its own Nature, being against it, they cannot conceive, That the Judges ought to be particularly excepted in this Bill; or that this Bill, which is intended to prevent Corruption in general, should give an Allowance of it in any Particular: But that, if the Judges are not sufficiently provided for, so as to live according to their Dignity, without making use of indirect Means, they should be better provided for by the Government; as, in the above-mentioned Statute of Edward the Illd, it is said they were for that Reason.

The Commons disagree to the Lords Clause, marked C: Because they do conceive, That the Bill expressing no Deputation shall be sold, it doth sufficiently in that declare, That they may be given, and lawfully officiated, where they might have been before this Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord Spencer do go to the Lords, cWerence and desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon the desired with Subject-matter of the said Amendments. Lord*.

Sir Thomas Dyke reported from the Committee, to Seamen* whom the Consideration of the Petition of the Seamen, Pay. their Wives and Relations, was referred, That they had considered the same; and had directed him to report the Matter specially to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Abuses in pointed to inquire into the Abuses of the Officers of the Exchequer.

Exchequer,

780 IO° — 12°

Exchequer, and Receivers of the Taxes and Revenues, be taken into Consideration upon Alonday Morning next.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for lessening the Duty upon Tin and Duiv on Tin pewter exported; and granting an Equivalent for the and Pewter. same. was react the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported; and granting an Equivalent for the same, by a Duty upon Drugs.

Ordered, That Mr. Buscawen do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Conference The Lord Spencer reported, That he had, according to with Lords. Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the buying and selling Offices and Places of Trust; and they do agree to a Conference, presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee who drew the Reasons do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

' And, being returned;

The Lord Spencer reported, That they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Malt Duties. Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the M ar against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions, was read the Third time.

Several Amendments were proposed to be made in the Bill; viz.to make the " 10th the " 20th," in

several Places; and to insert " Utensils," in several Places; and to insert " wetting" instead of " wetted

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expence of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonuge Duty Tonage and Poundage upon Merchandize imported, for ami Lund the Term of Two Years and Three-quarters; and an

*ax' additional Land Tax, for One Year; for carrying on

the War against France; w as, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Pow er to consider of the Rates laid upon Prize Goods.

Brokers ard A Bill to restrain the Number, and ill Practices, of SuK-kjol/bers. Brokers and Stockjobbers, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Sir I'J/o. Littleton, Mr.

Solicitor-General, Lord Lord

Lord Conings by, Mr. NSir Lout her. Sir

JVm.S t.Quintin, Wx.CulliJor Mr. Foley, Sir/cw. 27/t

18

Aprilis.

A \ 1697.

Sir Wm. C(neper, Lord Ranclugh, Sir Walter Young, Sir

Hen. Hobart, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Sir Edvard

Abney, Mr. Norris, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Chaduick, Mr. Sherrard;Mr. Palmes, Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Ekcell, Sir Wm. Hottyzcood, Mr. Sir

Forrester, Mr. Bet hell, Mr. MAir. Fuller, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Perry, Mr. Alaxcdct, Colonel Sir

Richard Onslow, Sit John Austen, Mr. Attorney-General,

Mr. Shackerly, Sir Wm. Strickland: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Excheqw solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to RectlPu consider of the Bill for the better Observation of the ancient Course in the Exchequer.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tlumiaf Littleton reported from the said Committee,

.That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Aloming next.

And then the House adjourned till Alotulay Aloming, Nine a Clock.

Lima, 12* die Aprilis;

9® Gulielmi Tertii.

(ORDERED, That a Message be sent to the Lords, East of to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act Sherifi, for the Ease of Sheriffs in the Execution of their Offices, and passing their Accounts.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gywn do carry the said Alessage to the Lords.

The House resumed the further Consideration of the LmtiiMM.I Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, nufacuiri. An Act for the further Encouragement of the Alanu-facture of Lustrings and Aiamodes within this Realm; and for the better preventing the Importation of prohibited Goods, and Goods without paying the Duties charged on the same:

And the Residue of them were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir RowlandGwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made to the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Moyl's. for vesting Part of the Estate of Richard , Gentleman, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro-cceded to take into Consideration the Report from the ExcIhck Committee appointed to inquire into the Abuses of the Officers of the Exchequer, and Receivers of the Taxes and Revenues:

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Agents for the Taxes, attending the Committee, acquainted them, That, by Order of the Lords of the Treasury, they had writ several times to the Commissioners of the last 45. Aid, in their respective Counties, to transmit to them Duplicates of what Aloney had been paid, in their several Divisions, into their Receivers Hands, before the 4th of May; and that, though they had been very pressing, they procured but very imperfect Accounts from the Commissioners.

It

9 W. III.

12* Aprilis.

781

It likewise appeared by the Books of the Remembrancer of the Exchequer, Tlxat both the Commissioners Clerks, and Receivers had been very remiss in returning up Duplicates to that Office, according to the Direction of the Act; by which means the Receivers-General could not be particularly charged with the Sums they had received from the Country; but most of them gave in their own Charge.

The Agents for the Taxes acquainting tha Committee, That many of the Receivers-General were, in their respective Countries, attending the Act for granting an Aid Abuses in to his Majesty, as well by a Land Tax, as by several Exchequer. Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for One Year^ wherein they were most of them Commissioners; the Committee thought it not convenient to disturb that Service; and therefore summoned only such of the Receivers as were then in Town; whose Names, Receipts from the Counties before the 4th of May, and Payments into the Exchequer before 24th are as

followeth;

Received before Paid into the Paid into

Receivers Names. Counties. 4U1 May from the Exchequer before Exchequer more

Counties. 24th Juue. than received.

Ralph Williamson - \York, Durham, and"! \Northumberland - J £. Not perfect. £. 85,755 £. 12,034

Laurence Abrose - - Berkshire - - - - 28,290 28,532 242

Benj. Mathews - - - Northampton & Rutland 37.518 49,980 8,961

Hugh Horton - - - Bucks ----- 27,500 29,310 1,810 6,779

Richard Cocks - Gloucestershire - - 26,000 31,275

TVm. Cawthorp, and! Tho. Kent - - J Lincolnshire - - 42,451 58,055 15,604

*Tho. Doyley - - - - Oxfordshire - - - 6,250 6,250

Wm. Kent - - - - Lancashire - - - 9,011 16,117 7,106

Tho. Woodcock - - Leicestershire - - - 26,000 27,128 1,228

Wm. Green - - - Staffordshire - - 19,700 19,700

Tho. Cobb - - - - Hamshire - - - - 29,258 32,258 3,00°

John Derby - - - - Dorsetshire - - - 20,000 30,050 10,050

£. 56,813

By which it appeared, That all the said Receivers, That the Occasion of their striking theseTallies were the

except Doyley for Oxfordshire, and Green for Stafford-great Sums ofdeficientclipped Money which lay upon their shire, had paid in more clipped Money into the Exchequer, Hands after the 4th of May, as well upon Orders as upon before the 24th of June, than they had received from their own Notes; and that they, the said Mr. Peters and their Counties before the 4th of May; amounting in the Mr. Femes, had exchanged considerable Sums of milled Whole, to 56,813 /. Money, for clipped Money, to oblige several Gentlemen:

The Particulars of each Receiver's Account, as they That they were great Losers, notwithstanding all the were given in by them in Writing, or viva voce, at the Tallies they struck; being forced to pay milled Money, Committee, are hereunto annexed. or Guineas, after the 4th of upon their Notes,

They all alleged, That they thought it was for the which were then standing out.

Ease of the Country, and no Prejudice to his Majesty's The Committee required them to give a distinct Ac-Service; and that they did it without any Reward or count what clipped Money was in their Hands, upon Gratuity. Orders, which was refused to be received after the 4th

It appeared to the Committee, That, in the Accounts May; and what Sums then stood out upon their Notes; given in by the Receivers-General, there were several which, they said, They could not possibly recollect or Tallies struck by the Tellers Clerks, upon the Receipt distinguish: But they all alleged, They received no of their Counties, and in their Names; and, as some of Reward or Gratuities for any of these Tallies, or for the the Receivers alleged, some of those Tallies, without exchanging any Monies: Which did not appear otherwise their Order or Consent: to the Committee.

The Tallies struck: Mr. Femes added, That great Numbers of People

Upon Mr. Williamsons Receipt, for Yorkshire; £. thronged to the Exchequer, to have their clipped Money By Mr. Peters, Clerk to Mr. Palmes - - 4,990 changed; whose Importunity he withstood, till he was

By Mr. Femes, Clerk to Mr. Carew - - - 1,200 apprehensive, the King's Cash, as well as a Bv Cash of

By Mr. Squibb, Clerk to Lord Fitzharding - 1,000 20,000 /. he then had in his Custody, was in Danger of Upon Mr. Cox's Receipt, for Gloucestershire; being broke open; and that then he was necessitated to

By Mr. Squibb - -- 1,000 exchange their clipped Money for new; which gave him

Upon Mr. Cawthorp's and Kent's Receipt, so large a Cash of clipped Money, that he struck those

for Lincolnshire; Tallies to save himself from Ruin.

By Mr. Peters - 1,920 The Committee being informed, That one Mr. Smith,

Upon Mr. Wm. Kent'sReceipt, for Lancashire-,a Goldsmith, in had struck a Tally of

By Mr. Femes - -- 4,000 70,000 /. at one time; and,

Upon Mr. Cobb's Receipt, for Hampshire; Mr. Peters, being asked, Whether he had that Money

By Mr. Squibb - -- 3,000 in Specie in his Hands at the time of striking the said

Who likewise acquainted the Committee, He Tallies? acquainted the Committee, That Mr. Smith did

had struck Tallies on Mr. Parram, of Oxford, of 1,000 give him Orders for striking Tallies for 70,0001, which On Mr. Howell, of Glamorgan, of - - - 500 he did accordingly; and that he had, at that time, in his

Which were all the Tallies he had struck. Hands, 40,000 of Mr. Smith's Money; and the other

Mr. Peters, Mr. Femes, Mr. Squibb's Brother, he be- 30,000l. was his own Money, being out upon his ing ill, attended the Committee, and owned the striking Notes; both which Sums he had by him in Specie at the

the said Tallies; and that they had not received the said time of striking those Tallies: He added, That, at that

Money from the Receivers, at the time they struck them: time, he had about 100,000 /. of clipped Money by him. They alleged they were most of them struck with the which the Owners refused to come for, though due, be-Privity of the Receivers, in whose Names they were; and cause the Time was near for the Payment in new Money, if any of them were otherwise, it was when the Receivers Part standing out upon Orders, and Part upon Notes; W ere out of Town, and then they gave them an Account but he could not recollect or distinguish bpw much upon of it by Letter: each.

Vo L. XI. 9N Soma

12° — -13d Aprilis.

A. 1697.

Some of the Directors of the Bank, being summoned, Xvere asked, What Obstructions or Delays they had met with at the Exchequer in their Payments ? They acquainted the Committee, That w'hat they offered to the House was in Prospect of preventing any Obstructions or Delays for the future, in case they were grafted upon: That the Disputes which happened to them in the Exchequer were upon the Tellers Clerks proffering them their own Bills, at a time when they very much wanted Money in Specie.

And the Committee, being acquainted that those Dis-> putes happened ahout August last, when there was a Sum of about 60,0001, due to the Bank, required them to bring an Account upon what Funds the Money was then payable to them: Which they did;

4ds Excise -

Customs - -

Papers, §c. -Joint Stocks -of Tonage -Annuities on 4th 4 s. Aid

- 1,081

- 10,000

- 1,280

562

- 4,48i ‘ 37,620

s.

12

8

9

55,026

8 7

whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Observation Exchequer, of the Course anciently used in the Exchequer was com- Receipt, mitted, the Amendments, made by the said Committee, to the said Bill; which read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'sTable:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was qffered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That the Auditor of the Receipt, or his chief Clerk, after the Day of shall, at

least once in Days, call the Officers of the

Receipt together, and visit every Teller's Cash; and, by numbering the Bags, opening them, or some of them, promiscuously, and, if he thinks fit, by weighing or telling the Money, do see that they have, in real Money, the Remains wherewith he charges them: And that he do, at least once in Months, examine the

Tellers Vouchers, fq^the Payments which he allows them in his weekly Certificates:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Supply Bill;

Tonnagt; Duty and Land Tax,

Delays at

Quarter-

Sessions.

Bridlington

Harbour.

Counterfeiting Coin.

Mr. Burton, Clerk to Air. Howard, attending the Committee, acquainted them, That the Bank, having a Demand of about 60,000 /. on his Office, he having then Bank- Bills in his Hands, which were paid him from time to time, from the Receiver General of the Customs, he did proffer them to the Bank, in Part of Payment; which he was rather induced to do at that time, by reason of a Sum of 70,000l. which he had given out Notes for at the Desire of the Treasury: That lie expected the Notes should have been returned in Three Weeks time; but they, being dispersed abroad, and gone out of the Offices, were in Hands that kept them till after the 4th of; and that he paid at least 50,000l. in new Money, upon those Notes; which pressed him so, that he hath been forced to sell Bank Bills at 17 / per Cent. Loss to himself, to supply the Exigencies of the Exchequer.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty a further Duty of Tonage and Poundage upon Merchandizes imported for the Term of Two Years and Three-quarters; and an additional Land Tax, for One Year; for carrying on the War against France.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be' made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Richard Hoij'ord:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to make perpetual, and more effectual, an Act to prevent Delays at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Repair of the Piers of Bridlington, alias Burlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: Also,

They have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported, from the Committee of the 20

The ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act CoiMit-for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current '»g Coin of this Kingdom, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the . Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Alorning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorninc, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 13° Aprilis;

g° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better Observation of the Ex..;

Course anciently used in the Exchequer was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he,

An Act for the better Observation of the Course anciently used in the Receipt of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Alessage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredeth:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dismi: for the annulling the Marriage of Hannah Knight, an KniT's Infant; and directing the Guardianship of the said Infant; without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Mama's prevent undue Marriages of Infants; and for better securing the Guardianship of them: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Alessengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of Supply the Bill for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of^jj^ Tonage and Poundage upon Merchandizes imported, for the Term of Two Years and Three-quarters; and an additional Land Tax, for One Year; for carrying on the War against France; to bring in a Clause of Credit Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the said Report, to bring in a Clause of Appropriation of the Aloney to be raised by the said Bill, and the other Aloney granted this Session not yet appropriated.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the said Clauses,

A Message

fat

' % h

9 W. III.

13° — 14°

783

'"'St,

MV

«i iti?.

;f> *iti cliiet

An

of tie :®'Ur

«i!3s,

(;i IfJ-‘I Mcfcr

'A'ki

iutti tl.t?

t;j|. «. k

Paving and

cleansing

Streets.

Coparcenary

Lands.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles and Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hammond's the enabling the Sale of the Manor of in Kent; ^tleJnent.

for paving and cleansing the Streets within the Cities of which, by Mistake, was, by general Words, comprised in London and Westminster, and Borough of Southxoark, and the Marriage-Settlement of Hammond Gentle-

Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Streets adjoining the re- man, contrary to the Meaning of the Parties: To which unto; and for widening the Street at the South End of the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Brokers and Stockjobbers,

tiii

- iZC

To-: 31

London' Bridge; without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary, joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common, with some Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Joseph Tyly reported from the Committee to whom the Bill to restrain the Number, and ill Practice, of Brokers and Stockjobbers, was committed, That they had made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed, and the Residue agreed, unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall act as a Broker, but such as are licensed by the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of London.

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the Messenger? withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Counterfeit* for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current in& <'oin* Coin of this Kingdom, was, according to the Order of the Day, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Woollen Ma- Woollen Manufactures in England; and to prevent the Exportation nufacture> thereof from Ireland to foreign Parts; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, in a full House.

P

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mcrcurij, 14° die Aprilis; 9* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hammond's for enabling the Sale of the Manor of in Marriage

Supply Bill; Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Kent; which, by Mistake, was, by general Words, com- Settlement.

TV.n TYifv Tv > 1 /V ,1 _ C . 1 1 1 TT !___I .1. _ Vr___5 a. TIT TT________F

, T j

and La ^aY' reP°rted, from the Committee of the whole House, " to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy on Tonage and Poundage upon Merchandizes imported, for the Term of Two Years and Three-quarters; and an additional Land Tax, for One Year; for carrying on the War against France; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second

prised in the Marriage-Settlement of Wm. Hammond Gentleman, contrary to the Meaning of the Parties; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Coparcenary Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Land*.

An Act for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary, joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question

time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and

I lti

if

iti "

-TT

Raising the Militia.

thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause of Credit was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks:

And the same w-as twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Also a Clause of Appropriation was offered, to be added to the Bill; with lllanks

And the same was tw ice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was otiered, to be added to the Bill, That the Importer of Tobacco shall have Three Months Time after Importation to pay the Duty thereon, giving Security; and loi. per Cent, allowed for prompt Payment;

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia, for the Year 1697, although the Vol. XI.

are as follow; viz.

1 Skin, L. 20, after " that," insert " from and after " the First Day of May 1697

L. 24, after " Action," add " and a Copy " thereof left with the Occupier, or Tenant or Tenants:"

2 Skin, L. 10, after " executed," insert " after Eight " Days Notice given to the Occupier, or Tenant or " Tenants, of the Premises

L. 12, after "whatsoever," add "after Notice, as aforesaid

L. 21 and 22, instead of " before the ist Day " of the next Term," read " w ithin the Space of One "Year:"

L. 24, for " Two Terms," read " One Year :"

L. 31, leave out " Payment of Costs :"

L. 38, after " whatsoever," add " except such " other Persons as shall be absent, or disabled, as aforesaid:"

L. 39, leave out " double:"

3d Sk. L. 1, 2, leave out " upon Payment of Costa " to the Demandant:"

L. 8, after " whatsoever, insert " except a?

" before excepted."

Ordered, That Mr. Mount ague do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Stocker's

Sir Rowland Gxvynreported from the Committee, to Complaint

whom the Petition of Mary Stocker was referred; and to fmpressiiF

examine Men.

Stocktr^s

Complaint

respecting

impressing

Men*

784 140 Aprihs. A. 1697*

examine the Matter; and report the same to the House; That they had examined the same accordingly; and had directed him to report the sdme to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Case of Captain Stocker, Commander of the Hawk Frigate, in relation to his intended Voyage to Newfoundland, the Impressing of his Men, and the Manner of his being killed, was admitted to be as stated in the Petition.

But the Petitioner insisted, That this Misfortune might have been prevented, if the Resolution of the Admiralty-Board of die 24th of Feb'uary last, pursuant to a Letter from Mr. Secretary Trumball, of the 20th of February last, by his Majesty's Command; whereby it was ordered, That no Men should be imprest in any Western Port, which are employed in fitting out the Merchant Ships bound to Netifoundland; had been carefully executed.

Captain Billup, and Mr. Heigham, Two of the Owners of the said Frigate, produced One Letter from Captain Stocker, of the 20th of February last; wherein he said;

" That Mr. Power, who is Sub-Commissioner at " diford, hath given the Admiralty an Account of what " Men I have now there; which I understood by the " Lieutenant, now there impresting; having made it my " Business to make him my Friend, and hope I have " effected it: Who tells me, That all the Merchants " have earnestly importuned him to fall on my Men,

*' which they will justify, and stand by him; but he " honestly refused them: However, should any more " come in, I leave you to imagine the Event

And another Letter from Captain Stocker, of the 28th of February last, to Mr. Heighamwherein he writes;

"By my last I advised you of my going for " Coo/ne, and the Occasion of it: Where I found all things " to Expectation; having hired a Vessel to run over the " Men, the first Wind; which is the only Course I must " take; being Three Lieutenants here with their Gangs, u assisted by the Soldiers, and Custom-house Officers;

" who, at present, make it their Business to be informed " where my Men lie, and then resolve to assault them;

" having a particular Order, as they say, from the Lords " of the Admiralty, to seize and secure my Men; which " they had resolved to do, is plain, having sent Six Men " armed on board the Ship we have hired, and turned on " Shore the Boys; and so remain on their Guard, to prevent any of our Men coming on board; against which " I am willing to protest (if in the least convenient):

" Nevertheless, all which is to be done to prevent Trouble,

" is, to carry the Men away per first fair Wind, and " bring the Stores after; which (though it will be great " Charges) is absolutely necessary: And, as I am now u plunged into such unparalleled Trouble, I still hope to " wade through it, for your Interest

That, upon Receipt of the last Letter, Captain Billupp and Mr. Heigham went to the Admiralty-Office, on the 3d of March last, to complain of the Treatment of Captain .....and to desire Protection for his Men; and

they were told, by the Board, That Orders were sent to all the Western Ports, not to imprest any Men employed for the Newfoundland Service: But Mr. Bridgman, Secre-

tary to the Admiralty, upon Examination of the Books, found that no such Orders were sent to and

Barnstable, the chief trading Towns to Newfoundland, though they had been sent to the other Western Ports, on the 25th of February: And that Mr. Heigham had received a Letter from Plymouth, That those Orders arrived there about a Week before Captain Stocker was killed.

Mr. Bridgman said, That when the Owners of the said Ship did apply themselves to the Admiralty-Board, as aforesaid, he thought the same Orders had been sent to Biddiford as were sent to other Western Ports; but supposes, That, in the Hurry of Business, they might be forgotten, or mislaid: That he told Mr. Heigham, He believed they were sent; but the Books shewed the contrary; whereupon Orders were sent the 4th of March:

That several Clerks are employed to copy those circular Orders; so that he knows not whom to charge with that Omission; and never knew that the like happened before;

And further said, There was no Orders given for impresting Captain Stockers Men.

The Widow Stocker said, That her late Husband was killed on Saturday the 6th of March last; and that the Orders arrived at Biddford the Day after: That she believes, if those Orders had been sent the 25th of February, this Accident, had been prevented; for that, as soon as the Order was received, many of her said Husband's imprest Men were discharged.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will be pleased to take the Condition of the said Mary Stocker, and her Children, into Consideration, and make some ' Provision for them.

Resolved, That if the Orders of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, not to press arty Seamen bound for Newfoundland, had been observed by their Secretaries, the Death of Captain Stocker might have been prevented.

Ordered, That the Secretaries and the Under-Clerks of the Admiralty do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported; Duty mTu and granting an Equivalent for the same, by a Duty upon ®ll<1 *'e'rtw-Drugs; without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act jll(react0| to enforce the Act for the Increasing and Encouraging of Seamen. Seamen, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Sir BourchicrJVray Baronet, an Infant, by prjvjteffe(;

John Barrington Esquire, his Guardian, and of John Evans a Mtww.- Gentleman, and Ellen Evans Widow, was presented to the Suit. House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Baronet, deceased, lately a Member of the House, about-

June 1695, made his last Will; and devised all his real Estate to the said Sir Bourchier Wrayfor his Life; Remainder to Christopher If ray his younger Brother, for Life; Remainder to his now Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and made Charles Allanson Esquire, and the Petitioner John Evans, Executors, in Trust: That Evans

hath proved the Will; but Arthur Owen Esquire, a Member of this House, who pretends to be a remote Heir at Law to Sir IVm. with a great Number of armed Men, forcibly broke open the Two capital Houses of the said Sir William Williams, and drove the Servants out of Possession, and took and carried away all the Plate, Furniture, Provision, Arms, and Three Sacks full of Writings, relating to Sir Wmis Estate; and drove all the Cattle from off the Demesnes into the Highway:

They also broke open the Houses of several of Sir IVmis Tenants, and drove their Cattle from off their Premises; and threaten to serve the rest so, that will not attorn Tenants to Mr. Owen; and, particularly, they broke open the Petitioner Ellens House; threw her Goods into the Street; drove her Cattle off her Grounds; and locked up her Bams, and Cow-houses: And, the better to support the said Violence, Mr. Owen threatens to insist on his Privilege; which has such an Influence, that the Justices of the.....will not meddle in the said Matters, though

applied to, for fear of displeasing the House; so that Mr. Owen proceeds to cut down and destroy the Timber on the said Estate; and threatens to keep Possession, and beat the Devisees and Executors with their own Weapons:

And praying. That they may have Liberty to seek Relief against the said Mr. Owen, for his Breach of the Peace, without incurring the Displeasure of this House.

Resolved, That no Member of this House hath any Privilege in Cases of Breach of the Peace, or forcible Entries, or forcible Detainers,

An

a that t*

s'miai

'ilk Vi tate

for.Ye.

'"tics, ilj

:Ttr.ied. ‘f-tkiksa > Itombi

riM,

tl, It k,

Dlit* '.jQl ti Aji*!

oW:j.

9 W. III.

14® — 150 Aprilis.

785

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a further Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

and*Lan?-U^r Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage upon Merchandize im- Mr* Storehouse, Sir John Elwell, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sii 14x. an ported, for the Term of Two Years and Three-quarters; Henry Colt, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. Colonel

and an additional Land Tax for One Year; for carrying Mr. Waller, Mr. Bertie, Sir Mr.

4La I_.4. 77. ________J i.L _ r~»xi \/f« ALvm/mia L.»2. TV/.. D.'/w/.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Supply Bill;

>' r.:,*,j Duty on d;V‘ r" Leather.

? L'-e: ir

iiiuh Lit h

'1 [r]

'u Brokers and 0* I'l* Stockjobbers.

sdti*

raise-

jeKe

jiolJ

drupes

v//ii

v.pea

id up

ijiport

in 1®

u# a [!>

on the War against France; was read the Third time An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, with Blanks, for allowing a Drawback of the Subsidy upon Exportation of any foreign Goods, within a certain Time: And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, That the Act shall not extend to charge such Naval Stores as the Commissioners of the Navy have contracted for:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up: And the same, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That *

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage upon Merchandize imported, for the Term of Two Years and Three-quarters; and for an additional Land Tax, for One Year; for carrying on the War against France.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expences of his Majesty's Household, and other Occasions, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, for the Term of Three Years; and making other Provision for answering the Deficiencies, as well of the late Duties upon Coals and Culm, as for paying the Annuities upon the Lottery, and

Brotherton, Mr. Norris, Sir Joseph Colonel

Mr. Mordaunt, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Conyers, Sir John Bolies, Mr. Henley, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. How, Lord

Pawlet, Sir Rowl. Gwyn, Mr. Car, Mr. Mawdit, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Slater, Mr. Carr, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Osborne,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. White :And all that come are to

have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit de die in diem.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Connter-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to feitingCoin. consider of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for the preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of the Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hobart reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Woollen Ma- Woollen Manufactures in England; and to prevent the Exportation nufacture*. thereof from Ireland to foreign Parts; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, in a full House; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 15° die Aprilis; 9® Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling the Sale of the Manor of in Kent; which, by Mistake, was, by general Words, comprised in the Marriage-Settlement of Wm. Hammond Gentleman, contrary to the Meaning of the Parties; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. for Lives, charged on the Tonage of Ships, and the Sir Sir Mr.

Hammond's

Marriage-

settlement.

Marriages of Infants*

Duties upon Salt, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to restrain the Number and ill Practice, of Brokers and Stockjobbers, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That the same shall not extend to make void any Contracts made between Party and Party:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 1. L. to leave out " for," and insert " with," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to restrain the Number, and ill Practice, of Brokers and Stockjobbers.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tylydo carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent undue Marriages of Infants; and for better securing the Guardianship of them; was read the Second time.

Vol. XI.

Mr. Arnold, Sir John Elwell, Mr. CSir Ra. Delavall, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Wm.Hustler, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Henry

Hobart, Mr. Podding ton, Mr. Campion, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Burrard, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Carr, Mr. Moyle, Mr.

Norris, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. White, Mr. Mr.

Brotherton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Foley, Mr. Slonehouse, Mr. Frexcen, Sir John Bolies, Mr. Mountague,

Mr. Bertie, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Lowther,

Sir Jo. Woolstenholme, Mr. Waller, Mr. Randall; and all that serve for Kent and Susses: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Geiy reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Katherine Lovelace, Administratrix to her Son- Arrears in-Lawr, Captain Peircy Kirk, was referred, That they had considered the same; and had directed him to report the Matter to the House, together with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, That the Peti-. tioner's Demands of Mr. Homage, Agent of the said Regiment, for Pay due to her said Son, from the 1 st of August 1692, to the 23th of Afaj/1693. — 148/.

Mr. Harnage allowed the Petitioner's Demands to be just; and that his Majesty has cleared all the Pay that is due, according to the Establishment, and Muster-Rolls,

9O to

Marshal of King's Bench.

786 150 Apri. . 1697.

to this Regiment, to February i6g|.; which is Seven Months beyond the time for which the Petitioner demands the said Pay:.'

But he allegeth, That, by the Misapplication of Money charged by the former Agents, Mr. Griffith and Mr. Buckeridge, and by the extraordinary Charge of Cloath-ing, this Company is in Debt the Sum of 61 /. 3 besides the above said Sum of 148 /. demanded by the Petitioner; and, the Case being so, he knows not which way the Petitioner can be relieved; he having no Money in his Hands to satisfy her Demands: And that what he hath already paid her was in his own Wrong.

That, upon Examination, it appeared, That the Petitioner's Demands are just; the King having actually paid the Money into the Hands of the Agents to discharge the same:

Therefore, the Agents, amongst them, ought to pay the Petitioner; and it doth not appear but that Mr. Hamage, the present Agent, ought, and may with Safety pay it: Because the Arrears, and indeed the greatest Part of the Pay, came into his Hands; the Money charged as paid by the former Agents, being most by way of Advance: And Mr. Hamage having, as he owneth, Money in his Hands, to be paid to them for what they have disbursed on Account of this Regiment; in case it shall appear, that either of them have misapplied the Money due to this Company, he can pay himself out of the said Money:

And also, because the Two Lieutenants have been actually paid their full Pay, by Mr. himself,

notwithstanding (a) [the Company then appeared in Debt; and Mr. Hamage might as justly have stopped] the remaining Debt of the Company, being 61/. 3 out of the 366/. 15$. he paid to the Lieutenants, as he has hitherto refused to pay the Petitioner her Due, as above-said.

It appeared to the Committee, That Captain Kirk's Lieutenant had the Command and Advantage of his Company here in England-, he being abroad in the finest-I?idies, and killed there in Service; and therefore ought not to be charged with the Debt of the Cloathing of his Company.

That, Mr. Hamage having already paid the Petitioner 93/. as Part of the 148/. reported due to her by the Commissioners of Accounts; the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Richard Hamage ought to pay to the Petitioner the Sum of 551, being the Remainder of 1481, due for the personal Pay of her said Son in-Law, Captain

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Solicitor-General do prosecute the said Mr. Hamage for the said Money.

A Petition of George Taylor, Marshal of the Court of King's Bench, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was, in Easter Term last, admitted into his said Office, and paid 2,000 /. for the same to Wm. Briggs Esquire, the late Marshal, who had a Grant thereof for his Life from l¥m. Lentall, Esquire: That a Committee of the Lords House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cases of Escapes; and for preventing Abuses in Prisons, and other pretended privileged Places; was committed; have added a Clause to the said Bill, whereby all Grants,! made by the said Mr. Lentall, of the said Office, are made void; of which the Petitioner had no Notice, until the Committee had agreed the same; so that he could not be heard against the said Clause; which will divest the Petitioner of his said Freehold, and strip him of his Money, although he has an undoubted Right to the said Office, and does not oppose the passing the said Act, save only the said Clause: And praying, That he may have the

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

Consideration of the House, and be relieved in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Amendments made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be taken into Consideration.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments Prisons and into Consideration: ^1

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz. Plwesf'

Skin 1. L. 14, 15, instead of " 25th Day of March," read " 1st Day of May

L. 16, leave out from " Seven," to " Prisoners," in the 17th L. of the 2d Skin, and read " all

2 Sk. 18 L. leave out " said

20 L. after "detained," add "within the said " Prisons of the King's- Bench and Fleet, or the respective

" Rules of the same

L. 22, 23, for " 25th Day of March," read " First Day of May

27, leave out " said Limits, or:"

31 L. after " made," insert " or Petition " read;" and leave out from " Court" to " every," in the 34 L.:

35 L. leave out " Limits, or L. 38 and 39, for " 25th Day of March" read " 1st Day of May:"

3d Sk. 12 L. after " Warden," insert " or so much,

" or such Part or Proportion, thereof, as the said Court,

" wherein such Motion shall be made, shall think fit and " reasonable, with respect to the Debt, or Debts, due " from such Prisoner, or Prisoners, so escaping

14 L. after " Prisoner," add " or Prisoners:"

L. 20, 21, for 25th Day of read

" 1st Day of May."

39, after " whatsoever," add " or Security " for the same:"

4 Sk. 9 L. after " Lodging," add " or Lodgings:"

10 L. leave out from " the," to " the," in the 11 th L. and read " Rules of:"

14 L. for " Limits hereby prescribed to," read " Rules of:"

L. 18, 19, for " 25th Day of March," read " 1st Day of May:"

32 L. leave out " forcibly and:"

33 L. instead of "and," read " Privity or;' and leave out from " Escape," to " and, " in the 34 Line.

5 Sk. 1 L. leave out from " and, " inclusive, to "and," in the 24 L.

L. 26, 27, for " 25th Day of March, read " 1st Day of May" ,

36 leave out from " Execution," to " and, " in 5 L. of the 6th Skin:

6 Sk. 9 L. after " shall," insert " after One Day's " Notice, in Writing, given for that Purpose:"

34 L. for " 25th Day of March," read " 1st

" Day of May :"

36 L. after Grants," add " and;" and leave out " or Leases:"

38 L. after " and, " add " of:"

7 Sk. 2 L. after " appertaining," insert " and all " Leases thereof:"

12 L. after " Grants," add " and:"

13 L. leave out " or Leases:"

15, after the interlined " them," insert "and " all Leases thereof:"

18, for "and," read "or:"

23, after " Grants," add " or;" and after " Mortgages," leave out " or Leases

7 Skin, 25 L. instead of the First "of," read " any:'

26, after " relating," insert " or any Leases " of the said Premises :"

30, after " Grants," add " and ;" and leave out " and Leases; and for the last " and, " read " of:"

33, after " them," add " and all Leases " thereof;" and after " and, " leave out " of:"

L. 39, 40, for " 25th Day of March," read "1st Day of May"

8 Sk.

6(v*

I'

5v.

9 W. III.

15° Aprilis.

V,'; t,

!fiSk

h

n'.*. h

H'

11" Pri-&*:

z fe a

reptctef A' read

r Pefi

£‘ even'

>i -Vtircf

'f so mat 5‘ild ICJT

Deb. 5

jfff

ra i* or fej

ed :a'ra

m s

!0' j!

to

it ftp read "is jJ eft

aiici

i alter

any:

t"r

o'

8 Sk. 24 L. for "Court," read " Courts and after " Pleas," add "and Exchequer:"

L. 27, for 25th Day of March," read " First " Day of May :"

30, for " Court," read "Courts :"

31, after " Pleas," add " or Exchequer: " 41, 42, for "25th Day of March" read

" 1st Day of May

9 Skin, 5 L. after "Fleet," add "after Filing or Entering of a Declaration in such Action with the proper " Officer; " and after " a," add " Copy of such :"

10 L. after "such," insert " Copy of :"

13, after "Pleas," add "or before the " Lord Chief Baron, or some other of the Barons of the " Coif of the Exchequer: "

L. 20, after " Pleas," add " or Exchequer: " 31, for "25th Day of March" read " 1st " Day of May"

10 Sk. 7 L. leave out from "Pounds," to "and," in the 20th L.

11 Sk. 5 L. after " take," insert "and they are hereby " enabled respectively to take the Posse Comitatus, or;" and after "such," add "other:"

8 L. after "and," add "to arrest; and, in " case of Resistance, or Refusal to open the Doors, to " break open any Door or Doors, to: "

9 L. after " upon," insert " any Mesne or " other Process, Extent, or Execution, or to;" and leave out "such Process, or:"

L. 27, after " they," add " so offending shall,

" for every time he or they shall so offend; " and leave out "shall:"

28, after "Pounds," add "and moreover " shall be, by some Justice of Peace, committed to the " common Gaol of such County, City, or Place, where " such Offence shall be committed; there to remain,

" without Bail or Mainprize, until the next Assizes, Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, or general Gaol-delivery,

" to be held for such County, City, or Place: And such " Offender or Offenders being of such Offence or Often*

" ces duly convicted, every such Offender shall suffer and " undergo such Imprisonment, and be set in the Pillory,

" as the Court, where such Conviction shall be, shall " think fit:"

L. 35, after " Rescous," add " or aiding, assisting, or abetting the same: "

12 Sk. 1 L. after " Rescous," add " or for aiding,

" assisting, or abetting, the same: "

L. 3, after "Action," add "or to his, her,

" or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns: "

7 and 8, after " aforesaid," leave out " shall " be transported," and insert " upon producing a Copy " of the Judgment upon which such Recovery shall be " had, and Oath made, That the Money recovered is " not paid, shall, by Order of such Court wherein the " said Person or Persons was or were so convicted of or " for any such Rescous, or for aiding, assisting, or " abetting, the same, be transported, by the Sheriff or " Sheriffs of the County, City, or Place, where such " Conviction shall happen to be: "

L. 8, after " Plantations," add " beyond the

"Seas:"

At the End of the Bill, add the Clauses, marked A, B, Prisong ami

C, D: pretended

Clause A: That the Act shall not extend to lessen any Pleeed Security given for any Sum of Money arising by the ace*‘ Office of Marshal of the King's-Bench, by William Lenthall

Esquire, to Sir John Cutler, deceased; or to Edmund Boulter Esquire, his Executor; or to any other Person in Trust for them; or to subject the said Office, or the Profits thereof, to any Forfeitures, other than such as they were liable to before the Act; until such Securities shall be fully satisfied:

Clause B: Saving unto Anthony Smith Mariner, all such Right and Title as he hath, or may have, to the Office of Warden of the fleet, and the Premises thereunto belonging, by virtue of Two Decrees in Chancery for 425/. and Interest, after a Mortgage to Esquire, was satisfied; as if the Act had not been made:

Clause C: That the Act shall not extend to lessen the Title or Interest of Thomas Norwood, surviving Executor of Hen. Norwood, touching a Debt of 2,153 /. and Interest, secured by a Mortgage of the Office of Warden of the Fleet Prison; nor to lessen the Right or Interest. of John Clements Gentleman, for a Debt of 2,299/. a»d Interest, secured by a Mortgage of the said Office, bearing Date the 3d of May 1678:

Clause D: That all Grants or Deputations, heretofore made by William Lenthall Esquire, of the Office of Marshal of the King's-Bench, shall be void; and that every succeeding Marshal shall be constituted by him, his Heirs and Assigns; with the Consent of Edmund Boulter Esquire, until the Debt owing to him by Mr. Lenthall be satisfied.

The said Amendments, to Clause D, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Clause D being read a Second time';

The Petition of George Taylor was again read.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocklington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and

Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act poor Laws, for supplying some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, with an Amendment: To which Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment Ditto, into Consideration:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

That Mr. Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

23, after "Offence," add " being thereof " convicted, by due Course of Law ;" and after " be," read " by Order of that Court where such Conviction shall " happen to be, by the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County, " City, or Place, where the Offence was committed: "

L. 25, after "Plantations," add " beyond the

" Seas:"

26, after Years," insert unless such Person or Persons shall, within the Space of One Month " next after such Conviction, pay to the Plaintiff or " Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit the full Debt or Duty,

" for which such Action or Suit was brought, with full " Costs: '

13 Sk. 12 L. after " Evidence," add " this Act " and: "

Vol. XI.

Sir Hemy Hobart reported, from the Committee of Countr-rfeit-

the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the ing Coin. Lords, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Presse. L. 27, leave out from "notwithstanding," to " and" in L. 8. Press the last:

At the End of the Bill, add Clause Aviz. " Provided " always, and be it Enacted, That this Act shall continue

" and

788

15' Aprilis.

A. 1697.

Paper*, &c. of Commissioners of Accounts.

Victualling

Office.

1

" and be in force until the End of the next Session of " Parliament, and no longer."

Ordered, That, at the Expiration of the present Commission for taking and stating the publick Accounts, the Secretary in that Office do deliver, by Schedule, to the Clerk of this House, all the Accounts, Papers, and Minute-Books, belonging to that Office.

Sir John Bolles reported, from the Committee, to whom was referred the Consideration of the Petition of John Tutchin, and to examine the Matter, and report the same to the House, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That as to that Part of the Petition, wherein the Petitioner complains, That the Fees and Perquisites which do of Right belong to him, as One of the Clerks of the Victualling-Office, are taken from him, and given to another Clerk in the said Office, which, he says, has been guilty of many Embezzlements; the Petitioner did not produce any Witness to prove the same.

The Committee, having Power to receive Informations of any Abuses relating to the Victualling-Office, did examine several Pursers of Ships concerning what Money or Gratuity they have at any time paid to any of the Agents belonging to the Victualling-Office, upon Receiving of any Money, or making up their Accounts, with the said Agents; viz.

Mr. Lauford, a Purser, informed the Committee, That he has had no Money for necessary Services for the last Year's Service, to this Day:

That some other Pursers were paid in Tallies; but upon very great Discount: That he has given Poundage to Mr. Brandon, Agent to the Victualling-Office at Portsmouth; and that it was a general Custom amongst the Pursers to give the Agents Poundage upon victualling their Ships:

That he has been a Purser Twelve Years, and never gave Poundage to the Commissioners Agents, till since the Resolution:

That in Plymouth, Dover, Chatham and Portsmouth, it hath been usual to give Money to the Commissioners Agents:

That the said Agents never demanded any Money, or other Gratuity, from him; but what he gave was voluntary:

That he has given Money to all the Agents in Ports where Ships are victualled.

The said Mr. Laxcford, being asked, Whether he ever gave any Money to the Cashier belonging to the Victual-ing-Office, or to their Goldsmith? said, That he never gave, directly or indirectly, any Money, Gratuity, or Reward, to the said Cashier, or to the Goldsmith, when he received any Money from them, or upon any Account whatever.

Mr. Lock, Purser of the Albemarle, said, That he never paid any Poundage to any of the Commissioners Agents; but confesses, he has given Two Guineas at a time, and sometimes more, as a free Gift, when he has received Money from them; but w hat he gave was voluntary; and believes his Business would have been dispatched if he had given no Money; and said, That the Agents never demanded any Money of him:

That he knows several Pursers have paid to the Commissioners Agents 12 d.in the Pound, for Money received:

That he never gave any Poundage, or any Gratuity, to the Cashier belonging to the Commissioners of the Victualing-Office, nor to the Goldsmith, whenever he received any Money.

Mr. Steven ton, and Mr. Zeal, late Pursers, informed

the Committee, That they never gave any Gratuity, or Poundage, to any of the Agents, for dispatching any Business, or upon making up their Accounts; nor never gave any Reward to the Commissioners Cashier.

24

Thomas Rhodes, being called in, informed the Committee, That, about Two Years since, he sold a Quantity of Oatmeal to the Commissioners of the Victualing-Office, to the Value of 36/. for which the said Commissioners gave him a Note: That, having great Occasion for Money, he went to Mr. Tassels the Goldsmith, and desired him, that he would advance the said Money, and gave the said Mr. Tassels 12d. in the Pound for advancing the said Money; which he took as a Kindness from the said Mr. Tassels: That, he believes, the said Money was not to be paid within a Twelvemonth after he received the Note.

Mr. Tassels, being called in, said, That he doth not remember what he received from the said Rhodes; but owned, That he has sometimes received Gratuities, when he had no Money of the Commissioners in this Hands, but has advanced his own Monies:

That he never received any Money, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, for the Use of the Cashier belonging to the Victualing-Office, upon Payment of any Bills drawn upon him.

Mr. Arnold, a Member of the House, acquainted the Committee, That, in the Beginning of April 1696, one Edxeard Cleaxiey, a Purser of one of his Majesty's Men

of War, complained, That for want of 71 /. for Necessary-money, his Majesty's Ship could not sail; and that it cost the King 15 or 20/. for every Day the Ship lay in Port, for want of the said Money; and pressed him to speak to Mr. Papillon, to pay the said Money; which he

did; and Mr. Papillon said, He had not Money to pay it: Whereupon Mr. Arnold said, That, rather than the King should be at that Charge, for want of such a Sum, he would pay the Money, provided Mr. would

repay the same in a Week's time, which he promised to do; upon which Promise, he paid the said 71/. to the said Cleavly, in Guineas, at 22 s.6d. apiece:

That, about a Week after, he called upon Mr. Papillon, to pay the said Money; who ordered his Son, who is Cashier to the Commissioners of the Victualing-Office, to pay the same; who promised likewise to pay the same within Two Days, but delayed from Day to Day; then he complained to Mr. Papillion, telling him, He believed the Cashier expected a Gratuity to pay the same; whereupon Mr. Papillion was very angry, and told him, He must get his Money where he could: Then, going out of Town, He left the Bill with Mr. the Goldsmith;

who informed him, That he sent near 100 times to the Cashier for the said Money, but could not get it; and the said Bill remains yet unpaid:

That he has another Bill drawn upon the Cashier for 411, which Money he paid out of his Pocket for the King's Service; and he has often demanded the same of the Cashier; w ho hath denied Payment; and still doth deny the same.

Mr. Papillion, One of the Commissioners of the Victualing-Office, being present at the Committee, said That he did not promise Mr. Arnold Payment of the said Bill; but said, He should be paid when Money came into his Hands:

That the Commissioners, nor their Cashier, never gave any undue Preference in Payment of Bills drawn upon them; nor ever received any Profit, Gratuity, or any Reward whatsoever, for Payment of Money.

The Cashier of the said Victualing-Office, being examined, said, That Mr. Arnold told him, He had a Bill of 711, drawn upon him; and he told Mr. Arnold,

That if he would receive the said Bill in such Money as he had, w'hich was Six-pences and Half-crowns, and was a lawful Tender before the 4th of May, he would pay the same; but Mr. Arnold refused to accept thereof:

That he never received any Poundage, or other Gratuity, from any Person whatsoever, for Payment of Money; but always answered Payment of all Bills drawn upon him, on the Account of the Victualing-Office, so far as he had Monies in his Hands.

The ingrossed Bill, from the Lords intituled, An Act Couni eri^'

for ingt>‘r-

H&i

Ma

Set1

Mar:

lnfal

)0j.

t)

u

and

'as

ed

#1)

4

cr

or?.

iiiili

J the

one

lb

*aty. that 2 lip b

l: ,

lift*. l:. ft Vi

A'

ammomT*

" 'L: Carriage-cttlement*

S>1 «i>

j;-(

thtsaR

ay: as r:\te

&, ft

S;SiC2

[arriage of :f jV b ifants.

ISP SB

of fe

lift,

Gtilftf

ud

(rfff

iad*

jrrf

«K*

jfSji'

I#

Sift*

to*

9 W. III. 15* — 16° jlprilis.

789

for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Clause A, by adding these Words; " And that no Prosecu-

" tion shall be made for any Offence against this Act, " unless such Prosecution be commenced within Three " Months after such Offence committed And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Ye^{*£: } 65-

Telle, for.heNoes,{^-W }

So it was. resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with some Amendments: To w'hich Amendments they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Aprilis;

9" Gulielmi Tertii.

P K A Y e r s.

SIR Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling the Sale of the Manor of Rowling, in Kent; which, by Mistake, was, by general Words, comprised in the Marriage-Settlement of William Hammond Gentleman, contrary to the Meaning of the Parties; was committed; That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent undue Marriages of Infants; and for better securing the Guardianship of them; was committed; That they had considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

(a) [And the Bill was read the Third time.]

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That no Parson, or Curate, shall marry any Infant without a Certificate, That the Banns were published in the Parish where the Parent, or Guardian, of such Infant doth reside; with Blanks:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read & Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That no Person who may have the Guardianship of any Infant, by virtue of the Act, shall have any Privi- ' lege of Parliament, or other Protection against such Infant, or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, whereby to hinder the Recovery of such Infant's Estate:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

(e) Supplied from the Printed Vote*.

Vol. XI.

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Preamble of the Bill, after " remedied," to add " And " to prevent all Mischiefs arising by the Marriages of " Persons superannuated And the Question being put, That the said Words be inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made in Press last, L. 18. to leave out " Person," and insert " near Relation to such Child, not being Heir at Law,

" nor having a Right to Administration, in case such Child shall die The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill; with a Blank for the Term of Years for the Bill to continue:

And the same was twice read:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Blank be filled up with " Five;"

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Blank be filled up with " Three."

Then the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{J£ MM-er} 94-

Tellers for the Noes,{*;rr ' } 35-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.---

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Brokers and to restrain the Number, and ill Practice, of Brokers and Stockjobbers. Stockjobbers, without any Amendment. Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Supply Bill; licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provi- Hawkers and sion for Payment of the Interest of the Transport-Debt, 1>ediars-for the Reducing of Ireland, without any Amendment.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Counterfeit-this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ing Coin, preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

----- Then a Motion being made, and the Question Marriages of

being put, That the Statute of and 5* Phil. Maria, Infants.

Cap. 8. for the Punishment of such who shall take away young Women that be Inheritors, being within the Age of Sixteen; or marry them without Consent of their Parents; be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}6o.

} 95-

So it passed in the Negative.-----

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Mdes Cook and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill, for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonage Tonage Duly, and Poundage upon Merchandizes imported, for the and Lund Term of Two Years and Three-quarters; and an addi- T*‘ tional Land Tax, for One Year; for carrying on the War against France-, without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer for the better Observation of the Course anciently used Receipt, in the Receipt of the Exchequer, without any Amend- . ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

9 P ..... — Then

Marriages

Infants*

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued*

l6°Aprilis. — 13°Maii. — — -Q&Julii. — 26° 30° A. 169*

----- Then a Motion being made, and the Question

being put, That the Statute of 12* Ildi, Cap. 24. for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUers for«heVe.,{"^; ' } Co.

Tellers for the Noes, }'*

So it passed in the Negative.

And the passing the said Bill to prevent the undue Marriage of Infants; and for better securing the Guardianship of them; being debating;

A Message from the King, by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Royal A^ Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: to Billj.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up, to attend his Majesty: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private Bills; and to make a gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the Parliament was, by his Majesty's Com- Parlim.^ mand, prorogued until the Thirteenth Day of May ProroiM next.

Jovis, IS* die Mail;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Fleet-wood Shepherd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing of the Parliament until the 17th of June next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, to the 17th Day of June next

avis, 17* die;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Fleet-wood Shepherd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until the 22d Day of July next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, to the 22d Day of July next.

Jovis, 22" die Jtdii;

9° Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Fleet-wood Shepherd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Six-and-twentieth Day of August next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, to the 26th Day of August next.

Jovis, 26* die Augusti;

90 Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Fleet-wood Shepherd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, the House, with the Clerk, went up-to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Thirtieth Day of September next.

And, accordingly, the same was prorogued to the Thirtieth Day of September next.

Jovis, 30° die Septembris;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

rPHE House being met; and Mr. Speaker being in X the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords by Sir Fleet-wood Shepherd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

24

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, the House, with the Clerk, went up to ' the House of Peers: W here the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the One-and-twentieth Day of Octobef' next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, to the 21st Day of October next.

') % ]

pnVju

)UN

9 W. III. 2r° Oct. — 23° Nov.

79*

Joins, 21*

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Parliament rT'HE House being met;

further X A Message was brought from the Lords, by

prorogued. sir Fleclzvooa!Shepherd, Gentleman-Usher of the Black-

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the Proroguing of the Parliament until the Three-and-twentieth Day of November next.

And the same was prorogued accordingly, until the Three-and-twentieth Day of November next

nt gptj 'ion [he

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Martis, 23* die Novembris;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

H E House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy-Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendancejof this

House, in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Third Day of December next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until the Third Day of December next.

'.or, £; *j:! It

,ioui

tOL-Iti

w,

lilies

4s*

bars

eliti

.ear&

, U5t

jtfe

tie

Vol. XI.

INDEX

index

TO THE

ELEVENTH VOLUME.

5# 8$ 6° Gul S$ Mar, Pari 2.

A. 1693, SC 1694.

CCOUN TS of Monies given for the Maintenance of the Fleet, and what the Commissioners of publick Accounts received, ordered, 13 Nov. Presented; Commissioners of the Treasury to have Copy, and deliver their Objections in Writing, 16. Fresh Account presented, on account of Mistakes in the former; Copy thereof to be given to Treasury Board, 18. Their Objections presented, 22. Read; Commissioners of Accounts to have Copy, 23. Debate thereon ad-

i'ourned, 23 & 29 Nov. & 4 Dec. Commissioners of Accounts leply presented; Treasury Board to have Copy thereof, 4 Dec. — of Money received on the Million and Poll Bills, ordered, 18 Nov. Presented, 22. Referred to Committee of Supply, 25. Vide Supply. — of Money paid for secret Service to Members, ordered, 18 Nov. Vide Members. — of Proportion of the Forces of the Confederates, ordered, 5 Dec. Presented, and referred to Committee of Supply, 8. Vide Supply. — of Receipts and Payments from Michaelmas 1692, to Michaelmas 1003, presented, 9 Dec.

----- --- Estimatesof the War relating to the Navy, ordered, 16

Nov. Presented, with Lists of Ships for Chanel, Mediterranean, and West-India, Service, and referred to Committee of Supply, 18. Vide Supply. — Further Lift, with a List of Cruisers, presented, 23. — of Debt due to Seamen at Michael-maslaft, ordered, 23. Presented, 24. Referred to Committee of Supply, 25. Vide Supply. — of the War, relating to Land Forces, ordered, 2 Dec. Presented, 5. Referred to Committee of Supply, 8. Vide Supply.

— .....publick. Vide Supply.

Address relating to Mifcarnages of the Turkey Fleet, 15 Nov. King's Answer, 17. — for State of the Navy, 16. King's Answer, 17. — *for State of Land Forces, 2 t)ec. — for offensive Treaties, and Account of the Proportions of Forces of several Confederates, 5. — that a Letter from Paris, received by the Earl of Nottingham, may be communicated to House, and relating to Intelligence of the Brest Fleet's failing, 19 Jan. King's Answer, 23. — relating to denying Royal Assent to Bills; Committee to prepare it, 26. Report; read Paragraph by Paragraph; last Paragraph disagreed to; a Committee to prepare a Conclusion for the Address; their Report; Address to be presented by whole House, 27. King's Answer to be considered, 31. Considered; previous Question, that Application be made for further Answer, Affirmative; main Question, Neg. 1. Feb. — for the Articles of Limerick and Galloway, 27 Feb. — touching Farthings and Halfpence; Committee to prepare it, 17 Apr. Revived, and Order for fitting, 18. To withdraw, 19. Address reported, 20. King's Answer, 23. — for Preferment for Chaplain, 21.

— ----- read Paragraph by Paragraph, 27 Jan.

Adjournment, Question for it, Neg. 24 Nov. 16 Mar. & 14 Apr. — upon a Division, 23 Dec. & 17 Feb.

Admiralty Court, Judge and Officers to present Table of their Fees, 29 Nov. Register to present a Table of his, 15 Dec. African Company, Petition for Bill to establish their Trade, referred to a Committee, 24 Jan. Other Petitions presented, and referred, 15 & 19 Feb. Report to be made, 23. Made, i Mar. To be considered, 1. 10.13.16. & 20. Considered; First Resolution read, 16.

Ale. Vide Supply.

Amendments of Lords to a Money Bill, to be entered in Journals, that the Nature of them may appear, 25 Jan. Annuities. Vide Supply.

Appleby. Vide Privileges.

Aqua Yitae. Vide Supply.

Vo 1. XL

Armstrong. Vide Privileges.

Army. Vide Accounts.

Arundell Election, Petition, 31 Jan. Report to be made, 15. 19,8c 20, Feb. Made; Right of Election determined; Question, that Mayor be ordered into Custody, Neg; Return to be amended, 22. Amended, 34.

Aultiagey Petition, relating to Oppressions by Farmers thereof, referred to a Committee, 30 Nov. Other Petitions presented, and referred, 2 & 5 Dec. Report; Bill for taking away the Duty, ordered, 6. Read, 7.

Axe, Petition for Bill to build a Bridge over it, referred to a Committee, 30 Nov. Report; Bill ordered, 4 Dec. Read, 13. Committed, 15. Reported, and to be ingrossed, 1 Mar. Palled, 7. Agreed to by Lords, 15. Royal Assent, 23.

6* 8f 70 Gul m Mar. Pari 2. Sejfl 6.

A. 1694, # 1695.

AC CO UNTS of Monies paid since January to the Fleet, the Army, the Allies, and for Forage, ordered, 20 Nov. Presented, 21. Referred to Committee of Supply, 23. Vide Supply. — of the Debtto TransportShips, ordered,3Jan. Presented, 5. Referred to Committee of Supply, 27 Mar. Vide Supply. — of Debts paid by the Office of Ordnance for Transport Service, out of Money appointed for other Services, pre-iented, 5 Jan. — of the Revenue, from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas 1694, with the Loans, Debts, and Charges thereupon — of the Establishment, Charge, and Expence, of the Civil List for same time — of the Revenues of the Excise, Customs, Post-Office, and small Branches, severally ordered, 12. Presented, and referred to Committee on Ways and Means, 15. Vide Supply. — Mistake in the Account of the Establishment, Charge, and Expence, of the Civil List, to be rectified, 18. — of the Incomes and Issues of the Revenue, from Michaelmas 1693, to Michaelmas 1694,ordered, 12. Presented, 25. — of Irish Arrears to the Army, ordered, 29. Presented, and to be considered, 12 Feb. — of Sums paid for Fees, Salaries, and Bounty-money payable at the Exchequer, and for Contingencies for the Three last Years, ordered, 19. Presented, and referred to Committee on Ways and Means, 21. Vide Supply. — of Importation of Tobacco, from 1681 to 1689, ordered, 27. — of Gold and Silver exported for last Year, presented, 20 Apr.

— ----- -Estimates of the War, and Quotas of the Allies, or-

dered, 23 Nov. Presented, and referred to Committee of Supply, 26. Vide Supply.

----- --- publick. Vide Supply*

Address, previous and main Questions for it for Estimate of the War, Affirmative — for Quotas of the Allies, 23 Nov. — of Condolence on the Queen's Death, and to allure the Kin* the House will ftaud by him; Committee to prepare it, 28 Dec. Address reported; and to be presented by the whole House, 29. King's Answer, 1 Jan. — relating to Abuses of the Agents of the Army; Committee to prepare it, i6Fcb. Tofitdedie in diem, 19. Address to be reported, 25. Reported; Question for Re-commitment, Neg. read Paragraph by Paragraph; to be presented by the whole House, 26. King's Answer, o Mar. — for Proclamation for apprehending Mr. Standish, 12. — for removing Mr. Killingrew, Mr. Villers, and Mr. Gee, from the Commission for licensing Hackney Coaches, 20. King's Answer, 1 Apr. — for Proclamation for putting Laws in Execution for regulating Prices and Measures ot Coals, and to order Convoys for Coal-Ships, 6. — for Relief for French Refugees, 9. King's Answer, 12. — for Protection for Seamen for Coasting Trade, and for Supply of Provisions for London, 9. King's Answer, 12. — that the Kingdom

A may

